Do you like looking at
loading screens? Do you like mindlessly copying commands from one window to
another without any decision making? Do you like listening to google product advertisements?
GREAT! Then this course is for you. Bonus points if you like to listen to
soulless drones reading scripts.PS:
This course is easy is you can copy and paste. But you will not really learn!
This course and material does not articulate the 'Google Cloud Platform' offerings. Maybe Google does not want to compete with Microsoft Azure and AWS alike. If Google itself has approved this 'Google Cloud Platform' trainings on Coursera then vola I am out.  I am way better off supporting AWS and Azure (at least they have tons of good trainings and stuff to keep folks in the field excited).
The quizzes need to provide you the answers when you get them wrong not just tell you to re-read and re-watch a section. That helps no-one. I could rewatch the section multiple times and still possibly get the wrong answer. Not every prescribes to your way of learning. Some people need to be given the answer to learn.The quizzes should also have multiple different questions like most platforms and rotate out the questions and answers. You do not quiz us on the entire topics covered just one or two items and the quizes never change.
The instructor was terrible. Very dull
boring voice, boring questions
People presenting this course can be replaced by robots. You can see that everyone is reading from the prompter or they are just saying a memorized script. Hand movement and face expresions are so fake and generic that all the videos look like some sort of a lame and bad TED talk. I too Machine Learning course by Andrew Ng and it was fantastic. He actually teaches the course. He is not reading the script, like the instructors in google videos. Overall i have to admit that Google could've done a better job with videos instead of hiring bunch of actors to narrate. Talk to real professors and go to real classes and learn from the good ones!
Google needs to update this course. Lots of things have changed and are actually redone in subsequent courses.Also please stop pointing at users, learn to use your hands efficiently!
Too much marketing BS, practically zero valuable information, 5 minute videos (targeted at tinder audience probably?)
Just a video of a guy reading to me.....
Honestly, this is so difficult to navigate.  I go through the entire course, selecting what I know id relevant to me in preparation for the exam.  I couldn't care any less about a certificate.  All I want to do is work my way through the material to understand what I know and don't know, so I know where to focus on self study for the exam.I know I completed all the modules in core infrastructure, and it even shows as such in the summary of my results; however, I can't take the next course, or at least can't figure out how to, as there are no buttons that simply state "Start Course".Again, I don't care about a certificate, I just need the training where I know that I need it.  I skip labs because I have often already done these in my work day.  Are these required to move to the next course?  If so, that is a terrible design and will result in the cancellation of my subscription.
I don't think it deserves even 1 star. Materials are 2,5 years old. Outdated is not strong enough word.  Information is incorrect, misleading. Some of the services, names, page change, and not updated in the course. Lots of commands in the labs are not supported so pars of the labs simply do not work. I think, by continue running this course,  Coursera doing itself a huge disservice.  Based on this course, would I want as a customer, to pay for other courses or modules? if they are the same or similar quality why would I waste my time and money? The company also shows ignorance and disrespect towards customers who spend their time trying to learn something new in return getting incorrect, old concepts. Plus it shows lack of accountability and expertise - nobody checking materials for being up to date.
Reality of the course is you can hardly complete it. The labs aren't proper. Even if you complete the lab the score in qwiklabs wont get updated. Trust me if you are a beginner and thinking of doing it course go ahead but you will face lots of difficulty in labs. there are many problems in it. moreover you can attempt a lab 5 times only. the mentor support is really poor. for every problem that arises the staff replies contact on a particular email. i mean you guys know there are lost of error in the lab can't the GCP members fix it?
I want to learn. Locking me out of the course labs after the course is over is stupid. Grade or don't grade the lab, I don't care, but let me review the lab to learn. Additionally, preventing me from providing feedback to coursera directly leaves me with the option of providing the information here.
worst course setup. ONe of the lab is shown incomplete even after several retries and completions. about 15 times.  the completion status is not updated in the coursera my courses.  giving one star because to enable submit button below. the actual worth is less than a 0 star.
This course is very pathetically  explained, though I completed it fully but still this course needs to be updated. It felt as if I'm watching advertisements and not study lectures. Please focus on teaching style. I will never recommend this course to anyone.
fucking coursera i have stop  to use but  this course is giving free certificate thats why  i m trying why google not put into his skillshop this coursera is fucking  low   errors and not getting certificate for my this course fuck,,,,,,,
Drink everytime the lecturer said "Google" without reason. You won't make it 5 minutes.The content of the lecture can be shorter, too much commercials in the lecture. The questions don't echo what was in the lecture (vs AWS for example).
A basic course, and the labs (Qwiklabs) are very difficult to use from China, where i live. (vpn aside there is an account verification issue i reported, but no solution for that). Without the labs the course is useless...
Lots of errors/mistakes in building this course. The worst part is you can't even complete it because the labs have bugs in them. A truly frustrating course I should have stayed away from
coursera is now a real asshole that it tries to hide all links of free and open courses and take advantages of its authors. it is really worse than pirates. shame of you!
There is a problem with the Kubernetes Engine Lab, that's the only lab that makes me fail this class.Please update the necessary files on the engine for further trials
The videos are short and poor, it's unbelievable to me that entire features are covered in 2-3 minute videos. The labs are great though, but that's Qwiklabs of course.
rate of speech is very high, just rushing through paragraph it does not cater to global audience
The content is a good overview, but the delivery is bad: too many small videos, not engaging.
Really not a learning considering the amount of time and effort invested, disappointed.
Qwiklabs does not work and no way to find help!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
really waste dont spend time on this not extending free trail also...............
This course is very boring. It just talking. The material is not designed well.
Crap can't unenroll. Won't give a certificate without verifying an ID
There are many errors in the instructions for the Lab in the manual.
This program is very simple but I'm having trouble at the moment
please help me ,my app engine lab is not to work,please help me
Too basic. It looks more a sales pitch than a course.
Good introduction, but still popular science...
Horribly outdated and dull delivery of content.
I don't need a sales pitch, thanks...
Many problems with the Labs
Course is only 1 week
Not Good Actually!!
not a good course
I expected more.
Boring
Lectures are very monotonous-sounding. It would be better to make them sound more conversational (with pauses, questions etc.). Granted it cannot be interactive since it’s not a live classroom, but it can be made to somewhat sound like an interactive session... Some slides are too verbal. It would be better to have multiple small demos in a module for different slides/topics instead of just monotonically reading out the slides and then having one demo at the end.Too many lab issues. No one responded or addressed them. In a class with such a short span (1 week), it’s very important that everything works and any questions/concerns are immediately addressed/resolved.Please consider making the lab instructions available for download (say, as PDF files). This will be helpful for any later reference.
Content is not excellent, the trainer is just reading a text while slides are passing trough the screen, no examples, no analogies, no explanation whatsoever, I wouldn't call that a training. I'm quite disappointed.
Some instructions are not accurate or was created using a different UI layout in mind.  The google labs sometimes opens new Beta UI by default and this is very confusing to someone new to GCP and will most likely get errors.  Also there is a certain bug that I encountered 1)  Google always asks for SMS verification whenever I try to create a lab (only when using my laptop that I originally used in the Philippines. Now I am in San Diego)2) Eventually after a few days aside from asking for SMS verification it suddenly challenges me to RECOVER the auto generated qwiklabs account, which is impossible.  This unpredictable and unexplained took me twice the time I needed to finish the Courses.
The content would be very interesting, but:The speakers are boring and artificial.  The hand posture and gestures of the woman are inappropriate. Like a teacher from 50 years ago! I've never seen anything like it. In comparison, my absolute favourite is Ian Harris from Golang Course. He imparts the knowledge with body and soul and it is a joy to watch.I had to choose between GCP and AWS; you have to specialize in something. It became AWS. Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator (free version)
The layout for this course was odd. The speaker and the slide information were not always in sync.  To get all the information you'd have to watch the video, pause go back and read the slide and then move forward.  The fact that the quiz was BEFORE the lab was also odd. It seem that a lot can be learned from the lab, so the quiz should come AFTER the hands on lab.The speaker in the video was extremely boring. I fell asleep twice listening to his mono tone voice.
Provides an essential overview to Google Cloud Services, but often feels like an advertisement/product catalog (it is) and the exercises aren't in-depth enough to be informative.Looking forward to the following courses in the series, which seem to be much more focused on engineering practices and concerns, with GCP being the how.
Some of the quizzes are confusing in how questions are asked. In a couple of multi-check answers, it is not clear if more than one answer is desired, which is inconsistent.Some of the questions based on the video expect one to remember a small and obscure statement which isn't highlighted as important in the video.
The videos seem more like a quick-paced, salesy overview of the technology,  I found it difficult to take notes.  The answers to the questions in the quiz aren't always directly discussed in the materials,  you'll need a decent tech background to infer some of the answers in the quizzes.
The content is good, but the pace is too slow. Additionally the way the content is presented is very flat. I'd prefer a bit more passion and enthusiasm. All in all a decent course, but nothing that couldn't have been learnt just by browsing and playing around with GCP trial.
This course though has good labs section but poor lecture section , In my opinion lab section be merged with lecture section will enhance much better onsite/on-job understanding, will also prevent unnecessary span of course making small things spread and difficult to grasp
The information is ok, the problem is how its presented. The instructors feel more like a text2speech programs reading from text file. Also the Coursera interface is not that friendly, you need to scroll 5+ pages to find your progress in the "navigation" page.
Scripted lectures are not natural and are harder to follow. Instead of reading a script verbatim, have some basic talking points and then use your own words ...  like your audience is a real human being
Not enough materials to learn from. The key points to remember should be repeated, and emphasized. Many videos barely mentioned the important details once.Quite a headache after just one course.
This is one of the worst course were a lot of contents to be done on a single week. Please split the course. But the content was awesome. This course was in unstructured manner.
Very high level overview of GCP.  Instructor is awful and doesn't sound either interested or fluent with the material.  Seems like an instructor with little actual experience.
Content is decent. Nothing price-worthy.However the labs are trash. You can get by just by copying and pasting and not even understanding what you are doing.
You don't really learn much in the course, other than the really bad names Google has chosen for several of their managed storage/database services.
"MB" command in the Getting Started with Cloud "VM Instance" will not allow a "Bucket" to be created, there is no "Help" section to Trouble shoot?
I am not able to complete the course, the graded external tool quiz doesn't get passed at all,it  is literally irritating since two months.
Looks like there is an issue with the course updating to completion.   Having issues getting past the first week to update progress.   :-(
A basic introduction to which Google Cloud products to use when - and how amazing Google is for sharing all these products with the world.
Dan is about as monotone and boring as it is possible to be. With Google's money a decent voice actor should not be hard to find.
Labas has not enough time because some resources creating for a really long time. Some questions have not really related context
This course needs a new presenter. Content was interesting but they need someone more lively to present the material.
In general, the course was good but, only rating 2 stars due to issues with the BigQuery Lab.
Could have been divided the course into different weeks rather than keeping in only one week
I was unable to download the course material as a single document which is annoying.
Not worth paying for it, similar courses for AWS are more detailed and interesting
Quizzes are more easy than in first course in specialization. It's really sad.
more labs needed on different offerings. also monitoring lab doesn't work.
Questions are really stupid and predefined answers very unclear.
Very high level with some uncontextualized trivia thrown in.
Instead Learning, sounded like Google Marketing its product.
Far too much google sales pitch, very easy to switch off
There is no possibility to download the slides.
The platform could be more user-friendly
Not much to explore in hands on activity
It is onboarding videos about basics.
I want to unenroll this course
Some content is outdated
Nothing to get
really boring
its too long
Gives a decent perspective on the Google Cloud Platform infrastructure. However, the instructions for some of the cloud labs were outdated and did not work, resulting in wasted hours spent with the customer support etc. The cloud labs were easy copy/paste operation and were too short. I would have given this training 4 * a couple of years ago. However, when compared with some of the excellently crafted trainings these days on other online training platforms, I think this deserves a rating of 3.
Although clear and precise, the course lacks charisma and practices. We learn how to follow instructions: click here, now here, type this, do that... But can we remember them up to the final stages in the course? In my opinion, is really possible, but quite hard. Another problem i had were the teachers, they didn't seen to really know or enjoy what they were doing, instead, all of them were reading a script. That was noticeable and sometimes made me so uncomfortable that i had to skip the videos and just read the transcript. For last, the feeling of "this is a GCP Propaganda" was something that bothered me. I rather learn how to use GCP in real-life-like scenarios than learn why choose GCP over something else. Seriouslly, the "you only pay for what you use" is a mantra that could be firmly stated in the first lesson, not scattered around every single class. For a beginner, that unfortunately pulled me off.
Although the topic itself is very interesting, I was disappointed with the way the course was presented. First of all, with all due respect for the trainer, he used a flat voice tone that is challenging you to stay awake.  Secondly, I think more details and real-life examples would've been useful.I liked the labs and the platform, I think this was the most useful part of the course.One last mention, I don't if this is a Coursera feature or the course itself, but the progress tracking could be improved in my opinion. There were time when you had to scroll all the way down for the next video and the scroll all the way up to see it.
The short videos had some good information, but a person standing in front of the camera pumping their hands up and down reciting from cue cards in nearly every instance really doesn't convey as much information as it could.  Your content deserves far better production value.  Video media is for aural AND VISUAL learners (of which I am the latter).  You have the opportunity to have more than just bulleted word lists behind lecturers, and include more diagrams and animations to really let the lessons reach all types of learners.
Even though it’s an introductory course, I believe it could and should be exciting and encouraging. Unfortunately, it’s quite the opposite. Boring and monotonic, it feels very formal, and it is presented without even the slightest spark of interest from the author.To add insult to injury, there are a lot of small flaws and bugs in the Coursera interface. That’s quite unexpected and, in the end, simply disappointing.On the bright side, I did learn new things, and I am genuinely grateful for that.
That was a pretty good introduction on how various systems work, together with a nice practical tutorial. However, the delivery has ENORMOUS potential for improvement... for now it's just slides with an extremely impassive voiceover. There are so many good ways to engage with the learner and yet none of them have been employed here. After doing a great Deep Learning course by Google on another platform, this one was a huge disappointment in that regard.
As a tech manager the course was great to introduce the many services and their uses, especially detailed use cases. Some labs were enjoyable to see how the services are used, but some were cumbersome and the directions were poorly written. On occassion the google jargon got to be a bit much and I had to rewatch a sentence 3 times. Perhaps that's not the course's fault, but it's akin to a dictionary using the work being defined in it's explanation.
This course work is not for a beginner... it assumes the student is comfortable with the command line environment.  I am not sure how many students from my cohort (myself include) understand these prerequisites.  Also, the instructors are great, but the script is too granular for a new learner or a non-english speaker to understand.  I don't think the graphics in the presentations really support what is being stated.
Gives a good and comprehensive overview of GCP, with a nice mix between videos, demos and hands-on codelab tutorials (with various tools). Even understandable for those without knowledge of setting up Linux systems :-)However, some information is already outdated (or doesn't even match with what the presenter is saying) and the presenter has a slightly slow pace making the videos more lenghty than needed.
While I'm finding these courses very helpful in my journey to the cloud, this one seemed a little higher level to me, I'm not a developer, I'm more of a project manager so it helped to learn the terminoligy, I won't be using the skills from the labs.  Also, I forget which lab it was but the screen shots in the instructions didn't match the screens in the lab, had to poke around to finish.
Slides are cool but illustrated examples are always better. The quizzes are way too short and don't do a good enough job of reinforcing the information. Come up with more quiz questions (like a lot more) and have a final exam at the end of the course like linuxacademy. In fact the more you can emulate linux academy the better because their courses are much easier to retain.
The course content is probably good. At least as an intro to the platform. However, the presenter's monotonous voice and pace is excruciatingly boring. I tried increasing the speed to 1.25 and 1.5 times then started missing on some key points. They could have made this more engaging by either using a different format or by using a different presenter.
The content was in-depth enough to understand enough about GCP. There was some previous knowledge needed about Python and Bash which would be difficult for some beginners. The structure of the content was fairly well organised, although some concepts were repeated. Doug did an excellent job of explaining the concepts although his tone is very dry.
There was useful information but I found it a bit overwhelming esp in the labs as I am new to this area and required more time and details on where to find items, there were so many acronyms/abbreviations I had to look up to be able to follow along with the discussion. It is incredible how much is going on in the cloud.
Learned quite a bit. I love the opportunity to solidify new knowledge with labs and quizzes. Some of the labs were not working initially but resolved in the end. This course felt very generalized for the knowledge we should be learning but it is a lot to figure out, so perhaps future courses will elaborate.
Applied for the "Architecting with Google Cloud Platform Specialization," only got financial aid for this course. This course is basically a brochure of what the cloud can do, finished this in a day. If you're brand new to the cloud, it's fine but this course doesn't offer much after that.
The course was pretty good and it had many new things to learn. Just the issue was with few labs and there explanation. The written explanation and video explanation of the lab was not similar.Other than that everything was perfect. Thank You Coursera for thus wonderful course.
Information is a decent overview but they quickly blow past a lot of information. Labs are generally unhelpful and often take longer to simply set up than actually complete. Not worth $50 but there's no other training courses for GCP out there so this one it is.
I think is a good way to start but could have had better explanations, I mean more understandable for people just getting started, some of the content was talked just in a robotic way, like the presentator was just reading in without really knowing about it.
For the beginner few  topics  , like few topics  Cloud Bigtable ,Cloud SQL and Cloud ,Applications in the Cloud and Big Data and Machine Learning in the Cloud.. unable to understand .Kindly look in to that topics  try to modify ,Thnaks.
Presentations and contents look like sales pitch not technical stuff. Whenever one step into the Quizzes or labs, it becomes obvious this material is not for architects, developers, or any technical professional trying to support GCP.
The overview is good, but some of the content is vague. A good example of this is the CLI commands used to perform operations. Understanding the CLI better can help admins perform actions in the commandline rather than in the GUI.
Course content is too much. Qwiklabs are interesting but some of the commands are not working (I experience only one). The presenters bore the contents and I think reorganizing the content to atleast two weeks is better.
There were some new updates to the lab and the videos. Some of the content doesnt match up correctly. Most of my work is completed but one lab was having GS:// url problems and wouldnt let me complete the course.
Could've used more explanation on some of the networking things, especially interconnect. Also, I think all the quizzes should have explanations on the right answers, and a link to a video on wrong answers.
Labs are ok,  Lectures lack interaction (just slides presentation) and the monotonous tone and long sentences of the presenter makes it hard to understand and difficult to pick out important points. (IMHO)
This was my first Coursera course. I enjoyed the lessons, while a pdf file including all the course material would be appreciated especially for a quick recap and full text search before facing the tests.
Many videos need updating, specially when referring to services that were once in Beta (Cloud Functions, some ML services...), and there are no mention of the latest additions (Cloud Run, ML, and so on).
Good basic coursevery detailed (at least for the first level of depth in each module)could have been slightly improved by using the same app example in all albs & demos (as much as possible of course)
While the material is useful, the organization needs work (e.g. EVERYTHING is a separate section). It's a new course though, so I can see these kinds of issues being ironed out in the future.
The training material needs updating. The code snippets are useful however it might be better to ask the student to run man commands for help on certain shell commands such gcloud or gsutil
Although it covers a lot, it is quite the grind to sit through all the videos and exactly repeating the steps the instructor did in the video doesn't feel as playful as it could be
Very wide brief of what tools are offered from Google. Gave a good comparison of the different tools, at certain points it felt like marketing. It is very friendly to beginners.
It should be little bit slow sothat people can get time to understand concepts. I had to stop many times and had to listen repeated sessions to make my understanding better.
some of the content are not very well structured, need improvement to make it easy to understand and provide a context to where and how to use the technical concepts.
SSH into different machine without adding public key of the user doesn't work in real-time but, its working in LAB. otherwise overall good to know about GCP.
See it as a way to understand Google's Cloud products rather than a way to understanding cloud itself. The labs are great and the quiz are a bit too rote.
Too much of information and too many but videos and quiz; it would better if it could have just 4 parts; loved the commentator's explanations though.
The course is okay, but strictly not friendly for non-professionals or whom are beginners to cloud.Most terms uses in the course felt alien to me.
Nice training. There seems to be an issue with Qwiklabs, which ruins the whole experience. With the assignments you cannot pass the training.
The description grossly underestimates the length of the course. The material is good otherwise.  It just makes for difficult planning.
The course presenter did not cover enough the topics in detail enough and the keywords used were different from the quizzes at times.
Too much Google propaganda, and the labs are really where I learned anything. Even still, I was just copying and pasting commands.
Good content and introductions but I was unable to complete a lab due to a bug and some steps in the labs could not be performed.
more practical things should be done instead of theory lectures. Should teach in easy language as is difficult to get big terms
Lab entrance should be easier, more integrated. Entering into incognito mode each time is not good. Login should be automatic.
some videos learning is not same when we try it on GCP. Many miss instructions. Also the subtitle in many videos didn't sync.
This course is good, but you need to divide it into different modules based on different weeks and need more hand-on labs.
Quicklabs is a bit temperamental and needs improvement, some labs need to be reviewed to get updated and fix some errors.
For someone who has minimal or no programming knowledge or experience, this course proved difficult to grasp to follow.
some of the labs do not allow for tracking and I had to take twice because the scoring did not refresh. Please correct.
The sections on Kubernetes and BigData/ML seemed rushed. I could barely understand anything in the Kubernetes module.
Application part I felt was very less, I managed to pass labs but didnt get much idea of what I was actually doing :(
The content is great, but the apresentation is so bored. Sometimes I almost sleep with the voice without entusiasm.
It was very basic course, topics should have been explained in more precise way. This is just introduction course.
Great Course as a start and for basics of Google Cloud, however, a lot of problems of grades not synced properly.
Lack of explanation when using the command, will be good to explain each command, rather than just copy and paste
SOME OF LABS IN QWIKLABS ARE CONFUSING THERE IS SOME MISSING IMPORTANT INSTRUCTIONS.... SPECIALLY IN LAST 3 LABS
As an introductory course it is okay. But the quizzes are weak and dont offer any kind of challenge whatsoever.
Some areas could be explained in more depth, however as a general overview of GCP its a good starting point.
this course requires some prerequisites.i think they should tell about them at the starting at the course.
There is some old out dated information like how to get to repositories, and one item did not work at all.
one of the best courses to learn about this topic. The quiklabs feature makes this course more practical.
It can be a little more descriptive. Lot of topics were difficult to understand the way they were taught.
The lab instruction does not match with the video. You might want to update qwiklab to match the video.
Content and lab hands on are not matching, this is the big area of improvement that has to be focussed.
kubernetes lab was broken for 5 days. very painful to have to work through this. You help team was good
Really Good Course but requires more fun way of the content to learn. It did sound little boring.
A bit strange way of learning, because i follow the steps but i am not sure if i understand them
Good course to get some base knowledge of GCP. The qwiklabs could have been more hands-on.
It feels like laundry list rather most important & relevant services to be told about GCP.
Labs are too short. It could be drastically expanded, and much more challenging / hands on
Provide us with more complex practices. That will be most helpful to prepare for jobs.
Learned very basic skills and familiarity with Google Cloud services and interfaces.
worthy, but shallow. i understand it is an introduction to wide area of interest.
can you please ask the lady to use a google Tee? her outfit is distracting.
everything in a single week? please, split the contents in several weeks
Some instructions are confusing for someone who are unfamiliar with GCP.
Needs less theory and more examples. Instructors aren't really engaging.
There were some issues with the labs, problems aside it's a nice course
GCP makes lot of sense in very longterm for even small - Startups ...!
the course gives basic understanding of how google clod platform works
Bad: Too much praise of Google Cloud.Too short pieces.Good: The labs
It has lots of content, but lacks the impact that other courses have
It would be better if there are more due time to study this program.
Good course, but I would make the manner of lecturing more exciting.
This course is challenging, however, I am glad I got understanding.
had to re-write some of the lab scripts but overall, a good course.
Videos need to be updated according to latest services and content
speaker's voice is not very enthusiastic, making it hard to follow
Videos were good, but the qwiklabs-training felt pretty useless.
1) Good2) Some videos and text are not related, please fix them
Almost fell asleep due to the speaker. But it's a great intro.
Labs are just following instructions,  no need to think at all
most of videos just speech and there is no visualisation on it
Real time examples need to shown to make it more interactive.
I was interested in Kubernetes and instead got a lot of GCE.
At times it gets too technical for an application developer.
A lot of marketing and sales promotion for GCP and cloud.
Good cource. However more details should have been better
boring monologue  of all services, bored tothe core.....
The course is too high level and it needs to be updated.
How can i finished a lab, which i failed in all attemps
had a wonderful expereince , superb.thanks to the team.
It's amazing and has a lot of new information to study.
Very basic information. Labs are not checked by anyone.
Need some update missing cloud functions and cloud run
Some Labs instructions do not match the GCP console UI
informative and provides good summary for GCP products
Content was good.  Labwork and examples were outdated.
The course was really very well conceived and written
Good course. Instructors dynamics a little too boring
Bit dry and older, but I guess it covers the basics.
Labs were nice, but some videos were hard to follow.
very general, but concise and easy to plow through.
to much documentation readingnot enough exercises
Nice course with Basic content to kick-start GCP
Lectures were OK but quizes were not that clear.
Was a bugs with GCP connection a lot of time.
Few error in the codes given for handin labs
I would like to practice with real examples.
Nice stuff with still a scope of improvement
i learned lot about Google Cloud Platform
May be the distribution is not the best.
Should be moretechnicalandlesscommercial
Lab sessions are not explained properly
its good course with lab demonstration
Could go bit more deeper in the topics
So many technical terms all together.
Explanation is much more complicated
please work on communication skills
The Teacher is not a communicator.
I would like more practice quests
too much information too quickly
Significantly outdated content.
A very good 101 on google cloud
Thanks for giving me the class
Very Basic and overwhelming
Felt difficult in learning
Google Marketing Brochure
lab was painful sometimes
very lengthy and complex
A bit complicated course
Some labs are outdated.
Challenging but fair
Overall it is good.
Problem with Labs
Very shallow
Pretty dry.
very long
All these topics if available in a PDF will be more helpful for us to refer later. So please provide if already exits. Thanks.
A must course for the Beginners in Cloud services
This course provides an overview of all GCP services and when to use them, with nice interactive lab assignments. To suggest, there are some parts of the protocols are explained not enough, which left some knowledge gaps for the users.
Great Introduction to Google Cloud Platform!!!
This Course is a great introduction to GCP. Well organised and curated content, Great teachers and good hands on lab. The only thing i think must be improve is the number and difficulties of labs (to increase) in other to give more real word use cases to students, for them to develop self confidence in their skills.
Without practical experience in GCP or AWS in background and personal knowledge about technologies like AWS Lambda's, Apache Kafka or Apache Cassandra etc. it would be hard to understand half of this course, especially about different data storages. Too much water. Sometimes questions or answers to them are generally incomprehensible. Like "orchestration" as an answer to a question about Google Cloud Dataflow use cases. Orchestration, really? Of what? Compute instances? Linux servers? Is it the same as Ansible or Salt? Absolutely confusing and not clear why and when I need Dataflow and other services also. Transactions are not the only one thing that people should understand. We need more practical use cases. And there are some other questions with the same problems. 90% of people who really passed the GCP certification recommended Linux Academy but not Coursera for the preparation. Now I have to try it to compare personally.Overall, you made a great work. The platform is good and the course also is good. I found a lot of new information about GCP and now I need to dive into them deeply.Thank you.
Most things worked out nicely, but there were issues with two of the labs:"Developing, Deploying, and Monitoring in the Cloud": The monitoring part did not work for me, as using the monitoring service now requires installing some agent on the VM. I followed the instructions, but starting the agent failed due to missing certificates. I found no straight-forward way of making the agent work on the VM so I could not test out the monitoring services."Getting started with BigQuery": After loading the logdata table, viewing it in the console fails with error "Unknown error response from the server". Stackoverflow says this is a known issue due to the table being too big. Making queries in the console or shell works fine, but you cannot directly see anything about the logdata table / its rows in the console due to this error.
The content of the slides were sufficient for the basic intent of this offering. The overview and reasoning behind why the products are competitive for other contending services was clear. When performing the labs, the content is very recipe driven. While that works well for someone attempting to get the work done, there needs to be some visuals prepared that show how the GCP components are laid out and the relationship they have to each other ( simple architecture views ). The GCP products have very similar sounding names, so paragraphs describing what is happening have less effect, whereas some simple architecture views of what the lab is intending to do to go with that in the lab content itself, might help.
Major portion of course is fine. But, in some sessions, focus of discussion suddenly moved, and difficult to follow. For example, in IAM session, the explanation of policy suddenly turns into the discussion of role without explaining relation between them.And, some using terms in quizzes are ambiguous. For example, an quiz is something like "while still offering various choices of runtime". Within the context of a session, this is meaningful. But, if it's single quiz, because there is no story of explanation there, it is not really clear whether it's "runtime environment", "runtime language" or "runtime library" It's quite confusing unless if I remember "EXACTLY what the trainer said".
This course is a good introduction to Google Cloud Platform and it has an interactive labs that allows you to play directly with real GCP so is a good way to get hands dirty and learn but since is a real environment some times the steps will not work as expected so requires you to adapt a bit. In regards the video content there are some typos in the slides not matching what the speaker is saying or the videos showcasing the UI of GCP not matching with the new UI of GCP or the video explaining the steps for the lab not matching with the steps that you need to perform in the lab itself.
The labs are where it's it with this course since most of the lectures feel like sales pitches instead of  lectures. For the stuff I didn't previously have any familiarity with, I picked up some useful info. There were a few times where temporary creds/sessions logged me out or were invalidated, but nothing was too hard to deal with. I'm also pretty sure one of the commands to write to a file just straight-up did not work, so having an understanding of terminal editing (nano) tools was beneficial as it allowed me to make the appropriate edits to the required files without the script.
You get the maximum of this course if you have basic understanding of a Java or Python languages. Having a foundation knowledge on virtualization, networking and storage is also great because the GCP is intuitive for the user.It also be useful in knowing some Google Chrome shortcuts. A course is designed to challenge a student to think on how they will use the material they are studying. I believe that this course has succeeded in do so.  It did present a number of concepts  and the labs were great in putting into practice the concepts learnt!
A like how everything is broken down into smaller sections and content for us to reflect and learn. I also like how we are given an overview of the (as much as possible) whole GCP suite. There were however minor inconsistencies in the labs which I have marked and signalized for. I only wished we would cover each topic in more details rather that giving us a bit of info in course 1, then in course 2, then in course 3 and leave it to us to gather up 1, 2, 3. i.e. content on virtual machine and compute engine.
The pace is really good for a beginner. Since the course is short (1 week), it encourages you to complete even if you are slightly behind schedule. You get reminders to complete in case you are stuck. Dont worry about the billing of GCP, as you get some credit to start with and this is more than sufficient for you to practice in Google Cloud Platform. The labs are quite clear to proceed with exercises. You will get some hick-ups on the way that can be solved with the help of Forum.
This is a good introductory course for all the GCP services. What I liked in this course is multiple chunks of small videos, followed by hands on labs. They covered all the possible services and you can easily finish this course in 4-5 hours.One feedback to the creators is to update the course material, as many of the beta services mentioned in the course are live now, so the course needs an update. Also please increase the number of quiz questions and make it difficult.
Great primer for GCP and the console. Nice little intro into BigQuery. The voice is a little monotone and slow but quality is clear and easy to understand. Sounds better at 1.5-1.75x speed. Quizzes could go a little more in-depth rather than "read and regurgitate." Testing is probably not the focus of these courses but, a little bit of "sentence matching" or concept matching or even higher level multiple choice would make us feel like "we are pushed to learn deeply."
Its Great introduction to Google Cloud Platform(GCP). Good course to start
with GCP from complete scratch. Very well
presented with concise details, A good balance of presentation and hands-on
sessions. The course also contains labs
which give you hands-on experience  &
The QwikLab tool is great.The course provided me with a good overview of the
entire ecosystem.Gain a good understanding of every service in GCP looking forward
to learn more of GCP.
This intro class is more like a google advertisement than lectures.  I assume not everyone come to this class with strong background of networking or cloud computing. The problem that I encountered is that there are too many terms I have never heard of. And these classes are too short to cover them, so I need to spend more time to learn by myself.  From another point of view, I gained more knowledge than I expected. I think that is not a bad thing.
The course is great start for anybody thinking about starting a GCP career or want to gain knowledge of GCP. It covers all the areas of GCP and provides enough details to understand the need for each of it. It does not get my 5 Star rating only because, overview kind of PDF presentation is only available for few modules and not all. I recommend they provide it for all the modules as they come in handy and can be an easy reference for students.
Mostly well designed for its target audience. The k8s modules were quite poor though in this regard. We are already use gke heavily but if I was new to it that learning module would not have helped. Should have taken more time to explain basic concepts and the problems k8s solves. I know there is an obligation in this course to touch EVERYTHING and gke wasn't a focus, but the module was still too brief and raced through too quickly.
Overall a very good introduction that filled in several gaps in my knowledge, and improved my knowledge around the App Engine service I already use.  The labs were sufficient to get experience "touching" many of the Compute and Storage offerings, as well as a small subset of the Operations and BIg Data offerings, they were mostly guided monkey-see-monkey-do activities - sufficient for an introductory course but lacking depth.
1 week to complete the course seems on the tight side of things if you're a working professional even more so if you've never had any hands on experience with GCP or a technical related background. There were some minor issues with the platform (Qwiklabs) some of the subtitles were off and some instructions were slightly outdated but otherwise I think they tried their best to give the best possible material for the course.
Overall, very good intro to many services.  And the labs really help.However, the first couple of modules felt somewhat disjointed -- certain videos didn't seem very well linked to the preceding ones.  Maybe a result of shuffling around content?I also find my head swimming a bit with the sheer NUMBER of services available.  Definitely helps when you offer comparisons of why one service would be preferred to a related one.
The course is really good. The practical exercise on google cloud is enjoyable. The length of each video is good as they are not lengthy. The improvements can be done for                                                               1. Lecture Notes should be provided (learner can downlaod the pdf) so it is used for revision.  2. Few topics has many content so it is confusing when appear for exam like DataSpan, SQL, etc.
Course is worth learning and guided well. The only thing I felt is it goes pretty fast in between but may be because I am a beginner I felt so. Couple of videos are old as the new GCP console pages have some differences.There were questions on LIVE scenarios but I feel more use cases should have been provided to relate learning. Overall a good experience and I look forward to go for other courses on Coursera.Thank You
This course was a great introduction, not just to GCP but to cloud computing in general. For the first time I was able to understand the ramifications of cloud and how it can be used to create applications that used to require a very high upfront cost for procuring hardware. The course exposes a set of well chosen services offered by GCP which have helped me create foundation for future work as well as learning.
Love the instructors and the way the lessons were presented. I came from zero GCP knowledge to a very good overview of what it is. Just wish access to GCP console wasn't that much restrict and we could somehow practise "outside the class" lessons. Access to GCP console was counted (usually 30 minutes) and just for the purpose of the lesson, so that was kind of disappointed. Apart from that was a great course.
I thought this course was well scoped and structured. I feel confident I got the background I need to move to other Google courses and in a reasonable amount of time.  Take your time on some of the more involved labs, there are small details that are not clearly pointed out that can cause you some delay and in some of those labs, you do not have a lot of extra time.   In the end, all are very manageable.
A highly recommended course to get you started on typical public cloud platforms as the services are all similar to AWS and Azure. The content was concise and delivered at the right pace by an excellent presenter. AWS and Azure specialists will get along easy with it and would only serve as an additional knowledge. Likewise, participants will also get along easy with AWS and Azure after completion.
Course is intended for people completely unfamiliar with any other cloud provider services.For people who worked at least with one of the providers (AWS, Azure, etc.) in the past the course material will look a little boring. For people with such experience I would recommend just to take a look at the mapping between analogous services between GCP and the provider you've had experience with.
The content was good. Could have gone into more detail rather than just pointing to links and external resources. Also the instructor can really use some energy, its not exactly an inspiring voice . Its very robotic at times. I would like to see more enthusiasm when talking about Google Cloud Fundamentals next time. There is no excuse for that. Overall quality of information was good.
This course was well laid out for anyone just needed to get familiar with the Classes of Service and the Fundamentals of GCP Infrastructure. It provided labs to help navigate and adjust to the Google interfaces as well as focused responsive pods and time to work through internal questions. It gave me a sense of comfort which was the most critical piece for me.
This Course provides you the basic knowledge needed to start understanding the added value given by Google Cloud to run/manage/improve the data flow of a startup/corporate business company. The different lessons highlights the high flexibility in terms of customization of the GCP in answering to the users' needs relying on Google outstanding infrastructure.
Excellent introduction to GCP services. In particular, Brian is an extremely talented trainer; his explanations were always extremely clear, and the delivery was top notch. The only (rather bad) negative point are the awful Qwiklabs, whose needlessly strict time limits make for an horrible experience even when things work as expected (and they often don't).
The Hands On Practical Lab and Graded Quiz Gave me The Opportunity to Analyze My Performance While Doing this Course and Helped Me to Bridge the Gap Between The Theory and Implementation Parts ,also the Practical Labs Give U a Brief Intro and Then Takes You On the Journey of the process that need to be followed In Cloud Computing To Achieve Ur Goal
This course was very informative! I have a recommendation to make the experience even better though: The quizzes should be Multiple Option in order to avoid case-sensitive issues with the Open Answer type questions. If an open answer really is needed, make the necessary arrangements for its fair evaluation or you can even resort to human analysis.
I feel like the content toward the end of the course was a little rushed in terms of its labs. Also, the Kubernetes first section was disproportionately longer than other intro sections, and was followed by 3 quizzes. It might be a little easier to follow if split into 3 sections, each followed by its own quiz. Still, I survived. Great course!
Very good, I just would like to share some thoughts. For my learning I made some changes, seeing the questions before the lessons was easier form me to focus on the content. The Theory is too much dense and I can't memorize all at once. Maybe if you add some practical videos in the middle  of the theory would be better for some students.
I would have like a little more hands-on terminal commands . We were just scratching the surface on using the terminal. Although as a foundations course , it was a pleasant, it didn't get all theoretical & complicated , those lab sessions gives us a environment to play with. All in all it was a good experience . Good job instructors! :)
I enjoyed the course - but would have very much appreciated the tutor / lecturer to be a little quicker, esp. his talking speed was a little "maddening" at times, imho. Then again, I'm very well aware of this being a very subjective issue. All in all a good introduction into the breadth of Google's offering in the Cloud Computing space.
Very good course, well organized and detailed. My only advice to improve is that some of the latest lab demos ,the audio script didn´t correspond with the actual recording, and also in the last test lab (Big Query) you have to  enter into the classic view to be able of creating the data set, which is something that was not detailed.
Great thing is that there are practical parts of exam where we are working on GCP directly. It is just too bad that that part brings way less points that theory. I think that it shouldn't be the case. It is ok if you would also make it a little bit more complicated. After all most of us are here to learn how to work directly on GCP.
The course assumes that every student has knowledge of web applications. The labs could be a big detailed. Also, creating lab after each module is a pain. One integrated lab across different modules could be of great help and would enhance student's understanding of all the concepts when he reviews the lab at the end of the course.
It was really good course. Just an overview however full of interesting use cases and practical examples.4.5 stars is not an option, so I pick 4, to indicate tests were too catchy and focused on course materials, instead of its understaning. However - this curse is a great job. You have my interest and commintment to explore more.
Well-prepared course delivery and material. Very clear explanation of concepts by the instructor. The only reason I didn't provide 5-star is because many of the contents are out of date. I understand that retaking the video might be a huge effort, but I suggest to provide at least a brief update as separate notes in the course.
Really well organised and structured, the presenters in the videos are really committed and friendly, easy to follow!Some quicklabs lack freedom to the coder, shouldn't be based on copy-paste instructions but instead in challenges with multiple ways of solving it but only one solution (so it could be verified once completed)
Best and most suggested course on the internet. Courses are lectured by google employees and Qwilab session to conduct experience on the google cloud platform for free is best way to implement what learnt in the course. I would suggest to take basics of some cloud computing course first if someone is new to cloud computing.
For me it was a great review of the core infrastructure. Some of the videos show out of date material (for example, how StackDriver looks in GCP), however the lab instructions are more up to date. Having a dedicated lab environment where I can spend some time exploring GCP without being charged is a huge help.
I thought the course was very informative.  The course is more challenging than I suspected and the quiz that students take at the end of each module does not ask questions that seek only to  confirm that I have read the material, but also if I can deduce other factors  or implications based on the reading
This course was a good starting point for people who want to understand GCP fundamentals. Just one feedback, at times, the contents had too much technical intricate details, which made it bit difficult to understand at few instances, specially for those people who are not from technical background.
absolutely loved this course , gained knowledge regarding cloud and got hands on experience with the google cloud platform. Everything was great apart from the fact , it takes to much time in provisioning , i had a chat with your customercare team, they helped me out but need to be more optimized.
Good course to start with GCP from complete scratch.Labs are too much of copy-paste and do not explain the things happening and what you're currently doing. Although you'll get some understanding where to click within the GCP-console.I think the part about Google Cloud Storage better than others.
Solid course, some explanation of the specifics commands `kubectl` and the various gcloud utils would be helpful during labs in order to help retain the information learned. I feel that it would be easy to forget something like, `kubectl get pods` and what that command might do, over time.
This is a basic course on GCP (Google Cloud Platform) Infrastructure. It is thorough and introduces a cloud enthusiasts into concepts that will make him/her comfortable, aware, informed as they progress in their quest to know more about cloud technologies used by cloud service providers.
Videos and labs are great. There was few minor bugs when watching videos but i dont know if it comes from ipad app, coursera or the video itself.One thing that can be improved are the quiz. There should be more questions to assess if understood, followed well what was said in the videos.
It is very well organised course with good hands on lab. Flow may seem little faster for beginners or people who are new to few concepts. The last section on Bigdata and ML goes little faster. But otherwise, highly recommend this course for anyone who wants to familiarise GCP services.
Good course giving you an overview of GCP Core Infrastructure, with some good practicals allowing you to do hands on build to embed the information presented in each section.  Could be improved by having a final practical lab where you used all previous in conjunction with each other.
Really Really enjoyed the last couple Chapters of the course about Big Data and Machine Learning, but wow was it tough! Wish they would have done the quiz before the hands on exercise, lost a lot of info while doing the exercise and had to go back and re-watch all the videos again!
There was some problems with the lab environment but in the end they always worked. Only twice did I have to redo them even though it said I got all the points. The instructors are great and the bitesize videos are perfect for keeping your attention and not overwhelming you.
The course is very explanatory but the only thing I had a problem was that the course instructors were talking a bit too fast that it becomes difficult for the learner to register it in his/her brain. I had to listen to the videos twice to understand each concept properly.
There's issues with code correlation and its supposed outcome when inputting, but that's more towards testing it before putting it into the course. Some of the instructions could be clearer, feels like some of the steps are missing in some areas, but overall a good course.
While it does provide a good introduction to GCP and its many tools and services, the text/narration sometimes feels a bit like advertising (like repeating a product's name several times, etc.). It's not bad, it's just sometimes and the course is still totally worth it.
The course had good content but some parts could do with a little less jargon. The hands on experience with qwiklab integration was very helpful. Some videos had mistakes and unsynced subtitles which made it hard to follow especially considering the jargon being used.
Great resource for anyone who wants to grasp the breadth of the Google Cloud Platform without getting bogged down too much by implementation specifics. The labs offered in each module lets the learner experience the different services first hand. Thanks for sharing.
Overall pretty good.I like very much the ability to download video and transcript for later studyVideo labs don't include the necessary previous qwiklab steps.BigQuery google video, and coursera/qwiklab instructions don't match the actual experience (different UI)
The GCP lab session had some error in Kubernetes so took 2 days to resolve and quicklabs for deployment manager and stackdriver instructions are wrong and need no change in project ID and Zone. Got to know when quicklab expert told me. That took a day of my time.
I would highly recommend you take a Tell Show Tell approach. Identify at the beginning of each section what you are going to be talking about and a "big picture" view of the topic and then get into the details and then finish with a summary of what was covered.
There are some key instructions absent in the lab instructions, which completely halts the lab progress. I had to do some workarounds to get the lab done. Need to fix them or many students might not complete the course.Other than that, it's a good course.
The content is really helpful for beginners who want to learn about Google infrastructure and its entire cloud ecosystem. 4/5 stars for the content, clarity and cohesion. Though it would have been more better if qwiklabs were more practical in nature.
This is a good introductory course and for the most part instructions are very explicit in the labs, but there are some code errors that caused delays. Videos are very good and informative and the quizzes mostly reflect what was shared in the videos.
The course was difficult for me because I am more into Software development which does not include using Cloud Platform. But i really enjoyed learning something out of my comfort zone. It was really helpful for gaining experience with new technology.
Some of the video names suggested in the test results are changed and it's no so easy to find them. Some of the steps in the labs are also changed, but it's easy to find the new ones. Some of the videos are working asynchronously with the text below.
This is a great course even though we have been actively using GCP for quite a while already; But it gives you a "complete" fundamentals overview of all the other areas we didn't touch yet and helps you getting better decisions in the maybe-future.
some of the labs have some confusing instructions, like the deployment one where the instructions are to replace the ZONE and PROJECT-ID with our current selected Zone and Project-id, but it actually doesnt work like  that. So please look up to it
The instructor is good, but I don't enjoy this course. I really felt the situation is not appliable to me because Google Cloud felt like a swiss army knife where learning its features is daunting.Overall just a memory-of-death type of course.
A couple of defects in the demos and a question on a quiz that did not have an answer in the documentation but overall a very compelling introduction to the content and very valuable insights into, at a high level, what is possible with GCP
The steps for the Deployment Manager and Stackdriver lab are not correct. I was able to get through using a workaround posted in the discussion. The steps for Part 1 should be updated to use the workaround since this method works perfectly.
I finish the whole course in Free Trial period, but one Lab assignment was not working properly. Reach out Support team with ticket still open. My subscription will start next day, which I could off cancel, but cannot because of Lab issue.
Good overview, I felt the quizzes could have been about double the length and better worded and the labs were too simple to be interesting. However, I am satisfied with the course overall and look forward to diving deeper into GCP.
Hi..we have to understand the video and go through the assignment and it was good to learn but still you can start with the basic and little bit different to understand ..it was great time to done this course and learned a lot ..
It was an amazing learning experience.. however ii though that maybe they could brush the learner with some basic and explain few terminologies beforehand .. it would be reallly helpful for people who are total beginners at GCP
Pretty good course that teaches you the basic of Cloud Computing. The quiklabs are a bit rough around the edges and some modules offered are a bit outdated, but overall an enjoyable experience that makes me want to learn more!
It's an excellent introductory course for Google Cloud Platform and the tools and infrastructure it supports. I'm not giving 5 points because there are a few labs that are not updated and the options differ from the real ones.
Structured course content for beginners. Detailed lectures and labs to understand the fundamentals! All it takes is a day or two and strong determination to complete this course and have these fundamentals on our finger-tips.
This course was very informative and broken into simple chunks that were easily understandable . The labs were great and gave you a good hands on feel for navigating and setting up features previewed in the course material..
Covered a lot of subjects and products that gave me an appreciation of the breath and power of the platform. There were a few spots that were glossed over, but understandable once I watched the video of the labs being run.
Good introductory course covering all aspects of google cloud platform's core infrastructure. But the lab works are designed in such a way that you will not remember them after the 1st week. Need more lab time for practise
Highly recommended for those who wanted to understand and learn what GCP is about ... this course form as the foundation for all basic learners and even for those who wanted to go more deep dive into specific areas of GCP.
I liked the course, during the course sometimes i felt lost because of various concepts, at the end i realized that the many concepts are various because it is a fundamental course, it is like an overview of what GCP has.
The course gives a good overview of the platform supplemented with lab practicals. Integration with qwiklabs is very useful. However, the content needs to be updated to reflect the recent changes to the platform services.
The host is very monotonous which can make it hard to concentrate on the course all the way through but the content is just the right amount for the introduction I needed for my understanding of GCP as a business analyst.
A bit dated in parts - the instructions don't quite line up with the actual app anymore, and I'm not sure what the point is in having a review AFTER a successful quiz (isn't that rather backwards?).Good course otherwise.
Learning about cloud storage options, identity and access management was fun. Some concepts such as containers and topics such as Kubernetes were newer to me. I really enjoyed the mini-quizzes at the end of the modules.
Good introduction to the course. But it is too broad and the review questions assume you know quite a lot already. I realised that most of the things I didn't know was covered by later courses in the specialisation.
A few suggestions were made by me on chat for labs which had issues as the commands mentioned in the tutorial were not accepted, finally tutorial was updated with new set of commands and I could finish it off, Thnx
I felt that the course and questions are not that much related. Course just hovers around the key concepts. If study materials on all key services are provided as a prep to the course, it will be of much more use.
Thanks for a great course. Because english is not my native language it was hard to understand what the teacher says (teacher from India). The other teacher had a good english language and did not talk to fast.
Solid overview of the GCP building blocks.  A bit of constructive feedback: This class employs a fair bit of hand-holding.  Challenging me to go off-script will improve comprehension, confidence, and retention.
This is a really good beginner level fundamental code course that tells or educates about GCP capability and features and its usages in real life. It sets the building blocks that require in the cloud journey.
The course assumes the basic knowledge of nginx and Computer Network concepts such as subnet etc as prerequisites.It would be divine if the instructors could give one line or two line intros of these concepts.
The course is well structured though sometime Qwiklabs lab have some issues. There is lot covered in the course module. it would be grate if reference is made to some google documents for additional learning.
A good course to familiarize with basics of various cloud services offered by Google, the use cases under which you'd use a specific kind of service and hands on familiarity with the Google Cloud interface.
A small bug/feature on one the labs. The course also moved from very simple, very high level to a assumed knowledge about development and back again as it went through the course. Well presented throughout.
There appears to have been changes in the UI that are not reflected in the course material.  A couple of modules required me to poke around to accomplish the next step in the lab.  Otherwise, it was good.
Great course and structure. However, it would help to share some more use-case details and examples for each feature, exampled of how real life businesses that would use various functions for their needs.
Too much "sales" and learning differences between 10 types of databases available in GCP. I mean it is good to know but that is knowladge you can easily check later on the website of GCP and is outdated.
The overall content of training found satisfactory and message delivery is good. The only enhancement could be that presentation to be bind with some storyline which makes this training more interesting.
I learnt a lot of new things. Thank you for this scholarship. I hope to receive more opportunities to learn and practice what I'm learning so as to improve my productivity and use of Google technologies.
Course was very much informative got to know the difference between Google Cloud and Amazon Cloud. Instructor was informative. If it would have interactive instructor lead course to gain more knowledge.
Video content served as a great intro, but at times more detail was needed to complete tests with high scores. Consider adding more content in videos or links to articles with more info before tests.
Some of the Google terms such as Cloud Data Store and Cloud Storage seem very similar for the newcomer, and is only memorization for the tests that gets you through. I guess it is unavoidable though
Very basic course. Also the speed of the voice is very slow.Good for Beginners who are starting their cloud journey with Google Cloud. If you already know AWS, Azure then this course is not for you.
This is an excellent for a beginner to get an idea about google cloud platform. But, for an absolute beginner, I felt the course content fell short in some areas. Nevertheless,  a very good course.
Comprehensive broad overview with labs that give you an initial hands-on. Lots of information here, as GCP is broad. Depth is elsewhere, though, so plan on doing off-line practice or other courses!
Though content was very high level! it was informative too. . I would suggest to introduce more hands on sessions then its now and also provide content in simple rather than high level terminology.
The unique thing for what I am not rating the course with 5 stars is because is a little out of date (for example, in Beta versions). I know because I work in a GCP's department in Spain.Thank you!
Very nice introduction, but I think it can be more challenging. Maybe having a final exam on qwiklabs that will make you do a bit more complex task without help e.g. you have 3 hours to finish it.
it was awesome experience to complete this course.i have small suggestion for that is demonstration videos are i think old and while doing actual lab it is little bit hard but info helped me alot.
Very well structured.  Videos and transcript were excellent.  The hands on real-time labs were the best I've experienced.  One lab on STackDriver would not complete (left status at 5/10 two times.
I'm so pleased to have taken this course. A fundamental need for anyone, regardless of their technical know-how to understand cloud computing terms and having a sense for how it works using GCP.
I was very keen to get hands on google cloud platform, I would really like to thank Coursera and Google to provide with this very resourceful course, It really helped to get an insight of GCP.
Good to understand and aproximate to Google Cloud and a lot of actual concepts like storage, NoSql, Conainters. In fact, it's better if you know about these topics however it is not mandatory.
Too basic, and more oriented to sell the GCP services than explain how it fits in real use cases, but was very useful for a first contact with some tools of the GCP that I never used before.
The course is an excellent, high-level familiarization with GCP. Half of it was too high-level to be interesting, but that's fine - the other half was more than worth the price of admission.
Only one of the videos was outdated, but that occurs easily with any cloud related course.  There was an option view the Classic UI and that matched what the course was referring to still.
some of the labs did not work properly and I was disconnected. Other wise the course is good, material is good. A bit dry but thats IT. good intro course over all.  On to the next course.
Great to get started with cloud computing in general too. The only thing that could have been added is a little more interactive presentations, and more labs. Overall, a great experience.
A beautiful way to start learning and practicing together. Not giving full rating only because available services can be covered better in practice lab; But overall objective is achieve.
Easy to follow, terminology gets a confusing as the course progresses. It would be helpful to summarize what was learned especially key aspect areas that has been covered in this course
Honestly this is a brilliant course.Only difficult thing I faced to learn was Kubernetes engine & container.The lab was also excellent.Thank you for providing such a brilliant course.
Better than I expected regarding the "step by step" approach I was expecting. Some mistakes in the code though... missing some --push and some "l" instead of "1" but very good. Thanks
Good Introductory Course to get to know all products of Google Cloud. Felt Overwhelming to see lots of products initially but gradually felt comfortable as I worked through qwiklabs.
You do learn a lot, but it's really comes off sales pitchy. Google is wants you to know they won't charge you for more resources than you use. They sometimes won't charge you at all.
The course gives a good overview of GCP but some areas were rushed thru (e.g. Kubernetes & Container parts). This course should be the first course for any GCP certification program.
The Course is very well explained and most importantly to me at least not a burden like some of the other course. The external experience is something which many other courses lack.
This was bit difficult for me to understand coming from the background of Mechanical Engineering. No knowledge of coding. But the videos and materials were fantastic. Thanks Google.
Generally, I think it is a good course. I consider that the only flaw of this course is that all the lessons are arranged into one week, which makes me really rushed to finish them.
Some parts were really good like Storage and Big Data choices and comparisons, however, there are no details about VPC and IP addressing. Overall Good course, covers all the basics
This course gave a high level overview of the capabilities of GCP Compute, Storage, Big Data and Machine Learning while also providing valuable examples through Qwiklabs exercises.
It's pretty textbook-y but lays an important foundation for (hopefully) more hands-on learning in future GCP modules, which will (hopefully) add more context to the various tools.
It gives a good overview of the basics of the Google Cloud Platform. The tutorials are certainly useful to get a feel for what you can do. This difficulty level is extremely easy.
too easyit will be more cooler to get more practice here:1.tasks that require reading docs2. final project: create small application with N services and M iam users and projects
Good course option to learn about Google Cloud Platform, but without some prerequisites do not go for this course because this will make bit difficult to understand this course
Good introduction to GCP and this was my first course with  Coursera as well. It was a very good experience overall, course itself and the Coursera framework. Will do more!   .
The course material was good but the lab demonstrations would have been improved the way IBM certificates are. You have your own student account and you plug and play with it.
VERY comprehensive survey and through breakdown of the platform. Feel very comfortable exploring more. A few details were slightly out of date. Instructor monotone and boring.
Really a helpful one for getting to know about cloud solutions being offered. Faced some problems in labs as the task was completed but wasn't updated. So had to redo the lab
It was good course with very insightful information given on google cloud platform. But I think there are some prerequisite you should know to move forward with this project.
Great content. Some labs tasks are not graded, so you have to rely on an honour system to finished them even after achieving max grades. Great overall hands-on and knowledge!
My first course here and it was very good. Just two practices crashed, but I could resolve one of them very easily. The other one took me way more time. Totally recommended
Well conducted and I loved the professionals that hosted the videos. There were a couple of bugs in the course labs but the quality of the rest more than made up for this.
Good base content on learning how google terminology and services are setup in the cloud. Quite a lot of repetitive content if you are already familiar with cloud concepts
Understood the abstraction of core services offered by Google cloud and its basic terminologies. Good place to start your journey of learning about Google Cloud Platform.
Very insightful lab exercises even for a program management professional. Positively surprised to be able to try out GCP functions and polish very rusty hands on skills.
Some labs scripts had to be written but in the labs the instructor had just copied and pasted the scripts from another screen. Wasn't easy to do those labs in the shell.
In the Quiz 6 , there were no information that help you to answear the Q1, that informatiosn wast anywhere in the wholw module, you have to change the video or the Quiz.
Generally good course.  Only issue was that some of the video for the Cloud Marketplace repeated the same content, which confused me until I realised it was a repeat.
Some of the labs need to address the wording and the order of the steps to perform the labs - or maybe the platform has changed slightly since the labs were written.
Great course. The only issue was that the lab grading was not working and I had to redo a lab with the exact same steps 3 times to get it to register with the grader
Very good introductory session. I would like to have more labs covering all presented services, but I understand that this might be the objective of other training.
Excellent course to gather the tons of information about Google Cloud Platform. Could be best, if all of the lab-practices are in similar version to lab-tutorials.
The videos can be boring and really slow. More labs should be include so you can follow the videos with your google account and review further capabilities of GCP.
This is a great opportunity to learn something new and perform different types of task for example Quiz and lab assignment . and this is good to learn something.
Pretty comprehensive overview of GCP services without getting so in-depth as to be overwhelming. It is like a nice appetizer to prepare you for the main course.
would be cool if we could have the activity recorded like in github, so we can review the code we used ( personally, since not all problems are solved the same)
The course started with lots of topics and great explanations, but while you advance the quality is decreasing and the topic are explained in a very poor way.
Good course, with good content. For some labs, I've missed the explanation on the commands to understand what I was doing, what are the parameters and so on.
I think course is so good ,But it is a little bit difficult for new  people who  know nothing about cloud computing,Better if you could express in simple way
Good to get you started on GCP. But you still need to read a lot of GCP doc to fully understand the concept. Overall, the instruction is kind of too simple.
Some Qwicklab instructions are not in sync with the UI but it is still okay. The Instructors are very good as well as the content for a fundamental course.
Good lessons, but subjects were not always fully developed and recapped in the slides. I would also like to review my right and wrong answers in the tests.
Solid course, Qwiklabs is a fantastic way to get hands on experience. Some modules get a bit "sales-sy" but I guess that's expected being a Google course!
Very good and complete instruction. The GCP is complex and I met some problems here and here but nothing critical. Also it present real use cases. Bravo !
Having worked on AWS for a year. It was welcome change to learn about a different cloud platform and see how AWS compares with GCP with respect to other.
at some places because of small updates it was hard to find the buttons at video is was there at one place and at hands on session it was somewhere else
Please commit https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatformTraining/cp100-bookshelf/pull/6Without theses patches it's not possible to make the labs exercices.
I enjoyed the course overall and the pace of the program. The suggestion I would like to make is that a more basic level explanation would be helpful.
This course throws a lot at you.  The subjects and their functions are not only similar in function, but similar in name which is confusing at times.
GCP fundamentals course is nice. You can learn basic of Google cloud platform and their services. Thanks you so much google and coursera. ( ᵔ ͜ʖ ᵔ )
yes, its content is good and explained well but its missed to explain with images. its very good that you can put images along with voice & content.
Some of the material have bad subtitles or audio tracks, one of the activities have the wrong set of instructions. Besides that it's a great course!
The course is very simplistic. Not sure if that is the intent. Some parts of the labs are outdated and need to be updated. Overall is as expected.
Very useful course! The staffs explain step by step so that it is very easy to follow. Just need to focus. Thanks a lot to who create this course
It is good to have a fundamental understanding of infrastructure of network before taking on the course. I had it, so for me the course was good!
There's now a bit of legacy information (eg. Stackdrive vs. Operations) that should be attended to. Otherwise these videos were quite well done.
The course was well structured which gave good understanding of the fundamentals in Google Cloud Platform. Thank you for sharing such knowledge.
Exceptional training platform. I find it to be a very effective course that focuses on the main points of the GCP Core Infrastructure material.
i did find a bit of spoon feeding in the lab demonstrations ..if you want to do it ..do it for the quizzes let the lab be the learning platform
Topics were explained really well, for some lectures however I would recommend 1.25 speed if you are already familiar with cloud technologies.
Superb course, video lessons are very crisp and to the point, content presentation is just perfect. Labs are simple and quick to cover. Thanks
The use of multiple choice is ok, but questions like "check all that apply" shouldn't advise how many to check. It makes it too easy to pass.
Would like to have more Labs and the pdf of each module is not the same as the presentation videos the is an updated version of one of these.
Very helpful as an overview. A few of the screens are outdated in the training and have been updated in the interface. Overall, great course!
Course is a good start to understand Google Cloud infrastructure and how to use it. For sure I will continue with the sequence of the course.
There are modules where I think you could have been more specific by using examples. But overall this course is great for beginners. Thanks!
What a challenge, it was,thanks to the people on forums who are very responsive in guiding you, when you, hit a wall this,was all new to me.
Need some graphical illustration or some real-time illustration while training will be easy to understand quickly. The lab session is great.
Very good course to start with Google cloud Platform. Observed that course material and video not in sync/match. Request to update the same.
Very nice introduction to the google cloud platform world. Features are well explained with  examples of usage and a little bit of practice.
Very good course. Got a lot of useful insights. Quizzes are fine and just right amount but, more challenging lab practices could be helpful.
it is good course and useful material but in some chapter the explanation is too long and sometime make us lose of understanding and focus.
Many topics to learn make this course very challenging. I believe this is just the beginning and I cannot wait to start the second course!
this was a great hands on experience with Google cloud core infrastructure.Thanks Google and Coursera  for this training and certification
A LOT of sales pitch. Overall a bit cluttered, but got me up to speed in terms of understanding high level purpose of different solutions.
The course is a good introductory review of the Google Cloud Platform and gives a high-level view on how the different parts fit together.
Great course, I really enjoyed it. It gave a good overview of services offered by the GCP. I wish the content were more up to date though.
The Lab doesn't let you try options, or to follow a different pattern then whats defined. so trying out various options is not supported.
It was nice and different way of learning experience for me, which has theory as well lab sessions very much  synchronized Thank you.....
Very good course.  Clears the query about multiple items like Compute Engine, App Engine, etc and provides a good overview about the GCP.
Pretty awesome class the labs don't quite match the  GCP now which took sometimes redo the labs but other than that moving on to Class 2
Visible video key notes would be nice. I'm not talking about textual video output, but textual and graphical objectives on a side panel.
The lab work after each video is really awesome and gives clear picture of how things work on Google Cloud platform. Its really awesome!
Some of the projects were difficult to follow but overall excellent experience and a lot of very interesting and important information.
Overall, very easy to understand and great hands on labs.At times, the information felt to deep and somewhat irelevant in the videos.
Great explanation, It provides me the basic level of understanding of google cloud platform(GCP), Thanks coursera for providing this.
Many questions touch topics not even mentioned in videos. Also, practical guide videos need updates since UI has changed in G Suite.
It was a very pleasant experience learning through this course, amazing labs and great interactive content. Great documentation too!
Overall Good. Coursera team should revise the gcloud commands to help beginners to able to run the lab activities properly. Thanks!
Liked the content and assessment, Most importently the lab which i felt like i am having an account with GCP and doing it. Awesome.
cool, but I would like to use the skill I'll learn more in a connected way step by step instead of learning the features one by one
Good introduction of GCP. Labs are not bad, but too focused on the console; maybe more focus on navigating the IDE would also help.
This is a quick introduction to everything in GCP.  An introductory course to take if you want to quickly learn what GCP can offer.
labs are designed for people with scripting knowledge and the content was moved through very quickly.  however, a valuable course.
You should have an option to skip some content if the candidate had previously taken another course that covers part of the topics
Good content. But in some cases it's very basic. Needs more elaboration in few sections like - VPC , VPN , CDN and Load Balancing.
Nice introduction to GCP offer and a bit of hands-on on how to make it work. As a fundamentals training course it was very useful.
Basic, informative. It took me a couple of the exercises to start to get a bigger picture of GCP. Worth the short time investment.
I have been using GCP for several years. Great course for someone new who needs exposure to the available variety of tools on GCP.
Good course. Some of the labs near the end don't fully matchup to the provided instructions, but overall it was very informative.
I thought i can finish this in only 3 days but it took me 3 days in just one project and a total of 6 days to finish this course
its a very wide overview of google cloud platform but at the same time really confusing and complicated as for a beginner level.
The course is pretty comprehensive and clear. I am just a little worried about the coding side, it needs to be more explanatory.
it was quite difficult to understanmd because of updates on google platform but i can manage but still kindly update on video's
Good start , but this is not complete. We need to read more docs to get complete picture on all the products that Google offer.
I think explain on the slide by writing  rather than speaking only will be more effective .anyway , thank you for your effort .
Nice course to know the core Infra, better going for this course please go through  Essential Cloud Infrastructure: Foundation!
Great overview of GCP fundamentals.I believe the labs could be more elaborate as qwiklabs provides a nice sandbox to play with.
Overall great course. Some of labs were not clear on steps, so it took me a couple of times to go thru them to figure them out.
Some of the information was not specific enough. Especially the latter modules like Big Data where there were many new systems.
Very good introduction, not too long, with nice hands-on sessions. Just a few flaws in some hands-on, nothing really blocking.
It's fun and very insightful, i learnt so much about cloud computing and even how to navigate the platform and manage features
most labs face issues & not able to identify the issue . chat  option is of limited help.good for hands on & overview of cloud
Step by step explanation on how to seamlessly set up VM's, create buckets, store and query data on the Google cloud platform.
A brilliant introduction to Google's Cloud services. The one thing lacking was basic (platform agnostic) cloud fundamentals.
Google Could Platform Fundamentals for core infra is basic course for all Infra admins and it's very understandable format.
Basic infos covered sometimes bit repetitive and labs are very basic copy paste tasks not much to discover or think about.
A good GCP overview. There are general cloud issued addressed, but I hoped in a minor dependance on Google infrastructure.
Sessions are short and crisp which is a advantage here. More Use cases and interactive experience required in the sessions
well organized. with the caveat that the bigquery video and the UI in the cloud diverged enough to trip me  up momentarily
I'm new to Cloud technology and this course has helped me understand the overall cloud architecture in a best possible way
Thanks for the Financial Aid, I am looking forward to learn at least one more programming language and try a very nice job
the course is well structured, the only things are lab timing should be increased and there should be more lab exercises.
Thank you for the good overview. There were a bit too many services with too little focus on the most important concepts.
Its very good course for initial level. I recommend to learner go to google docs for prerequisites before start learning.
I tried to do this quickly but lost steam which is on me.  Lots of information.  Lots of Labs.  It will take a full week!
Good overview.  The labs are slow -  a lot of time just waiting on GCP to do things -  and break the flow of the lessons.
Quite nice but a lot of solutions for the tasks were given, course doesn't encourage you to research all API/capabilities
very good course for the google cloud fundamentals. but after this you can also provide some project to learn new thing.
Good Course to get a feel for Google Cloud Platform. The console has been updated so suggest the training get a refresh.
Love the format, the instructors, the content.At some point we need to drop the copy paste on certain items a little :)
This course is excellent to understand and introduction to google cloud, even better if this course had more hands on.
This course attempts to cover the entire breadth of GCP, and does an OK job, but by necessity it's also quite shallow.
The professors in this class were really great. Some of the content is a little tedious but it's overall pretty good.
Great  ....Very competative assignments..Which made enable to work on all platforms just like kubernates bigquery etc
Very detailed course which deals with the fundamentals of GCP and provides a great overview on its different services
Need to introduce containers, kubernetes at more basic level and BiGQuery/Machine Learning felt like zooming through.
Some material requires updates, eg. bigQuery. The lab material can be more challengeable rather than same as the demo
Excellent overview of the basics of GCP. Interesting that it is just videos attached to the Google CodeLabs projects.
The videos could have been more engaging and exciting but in terms of content - it was easy to follow and understand.
Structured well and easy to understand for novices. Now I'm off to revolutionize agriculture at plant-os.com. Thanks!
Some of the labs need to be updated: mainly UI was updated. Also, labs do not include information on error messages.
Occasionally the labs were not functioning correctly, sometimes I could recover by ending the lab and restarting it.
As per this course, now i can say that...yes, i have basic clear knowledge on GCP infrastructure and core functions.
Would have appreciated more helpful slides/visuals to illustrate the concepts rather than seeing a person talking :)
very good videos.  a couple of the labs don't reflect the latest GCP console interface, but got through it anyways !
The content was great. Some of the labs were a little buggy and that distracted from the main objective of the lab.
A terse, high-level introduction to GCP and its various modules. Will act as a stepping stone for advanced courses.
take time for each lab session to create environment and login. suggest to use single lab session for all training.
Thorough overview of the capabilities of GCP.It takes a while to get used to the nesting of videos in Coursera's UI
Some of the labs that required coding were a little difficult at times but overall it was a productive experience.
Great course, bad thing is that it's more business and advertisement oriented than technical and DevOps approach.
Overall a good introduction.  I would like more difficult labs, but maybe the later courses will have more depth.
Very Informative course, both explanation and Hand-on sessions. But the codes given for practice may be improved.
based on realistic visual and data that grabs the interest of today's world....in fact  addictive and interesting
A great course, there were a few bugs in one of the labs. I'm glad the support services were able to help me out.
Very Basic Introduction to Google Cloud Platform. The voice of trainer a little tedious, but the content is good.
google cloud platform is an amazing platform .thanks coursera for this opportunity i really enjoyed qwiklab task
The course is good but time given to complete a course is little less i think it should be ideally 2 week course
Best course for complete overview of GCP and it's component to identify which component to use in which use case
thanks for giving this course, i know how to implement an cloud service with my own service to used by peoples.
Excellent Intro course. The Kubernetes Engine lab needs to be overhauled. However, the overall course was good.
All in all it was a very nice course. Thank you very much! Will continue with Architecting in the Google Cloud.
Very helpful - at times mildly confusing.  More links would be appreciated.  Transcripts had some minor errors.
Explanations can improve greatly . But i liked the hands on labs and fast response to queries by the mentors !
Neatly structured; not too demanding; varied presentations; exercises are well guided but slightly too simple.
Great introduction with easy hands-on exercises for people that have no experience at all with cloud computing
Since I did not have any knowledge about GCP and the services provided I think this was a good starting point.
really good experience, with the qwiklab especially and rest of the classes with diagrams, figures and stuff.
More labs and hands on practice, also more time on the labs so you don't have to copy and paste the commands.
A good introduction. Some chapters went a bit too quickly but in general, it was well-paced and well-rounded.
I have got to learn about GCP core fundamentals, features.. Course was useful and it would support my carrier
It is good intro to the GCP. There should be more labs for practice; to get more hands-on experience for GCP.
Very good course, a good entry point for people to familiarize with GCP.  Maybe bring a few labs up-to-date.
good structure and content overall. the labs are sometimes a little flakey and dont always work as expected.
Ok course.  I would have liked more detail on some topics.  Feels like google is trying to sell me services.
Overall it is a good course to start with but still there are many topics which should be in bit more detail
I have found this course very interesting ,labs are very nice to get bit hands on the google cloud platform.
Need to recheck few practical . You should include something based on windows and make a complete scenario .
Minor out of date material.  There wasn't much critical thinking involved, but it's an introduction course.
I have come to know a lot of things about cloud computing like how it works, where the data are stored etc.
I learned a lot through this course but I think if there was more lab and visualization it would be better.
The lectures are really great.  The labs don't get at all of the ideas I'd have like to get experience in.
More time for lab is required and online help would also be helpful in case we are getting error messages.
Very straightforward but you may need to google any issues you have in the lab (or hit the course forums).
This course provide you very basic knowledge about GCP. I highly recommend you to start with this course.
Great basic explanation with lab practice. Instructor and instructions are excellent, easy to understand.
Great exposition for new GCP users. Some of the content is out of date, particularly the Stackdriver one.
A good head start, Actually I was preparing for Google Cloud Architect and found this useful. Thank you !
This was a lot of content for just one week. But the instruction, examples, and overview were very good.
Some questions are poorly worded and I was not sure what exactly is being asked. Great course otherwise.
I have suggested some fixes to the content that need to be fixed.Goals, content and practices are great!
Great except for a couple of things that seemed to be different since the time of this course's creation
Could not access qwicklabs sessions to finish the course on time. Overall the course is well structured.
It's a little out of date in some places (like compute engine is now per second billing, not per minute)
One portion of the hands on lab was did not show the listed service and I was unable to finish the lab.
Clear Content and explanation in the tutorial, but in some chapters the video of operation is outdated.
It was really a nice course.! This course clear many of my doubts about GCP and networkings within GCP.
this course is good to walk you through the components that you have to learn to become a cloud expert
A well planned course with comprehensive overview about Google Cloud Platform and its main components.
Good course for the understandings of the core infrastructure of the cloud platform offered by google.
Need Technical background to get the most from this course, otherwise a great course to start with GCP
Excellent materials, focused delivery. Just one suggestion - add more questions to some of the topics.
It was nice, intersting, but it will be better if it has more practical exemplo,,, but it was good...
Course curriculum is designed very well for the beginners giving an over all view of GCP fundamentals
Excellent videos and exercises. It will be interresting to have content of lessons in formatted text.
I wish there could be more time allocated to the Labs to be able to explore more while doing the lab
It's not so challenging course since mostly is a catalog/description of Google products and services
Quick labs hands on practice labs are very interesting to do and lets you learn a lot in a easy way.
Great training course to start from scratch, and get a high level overall principles with GCP, nice!
Everything was great about the course, I just would change the teacher's voice, sounds like a robot.
Its a grate opportunity to complete this course and earn knowledge of google  cloud platform (GCP).
Very nice but need some real time examples for folks coming from other(non networking) backgrounds.
Some examples drive me to wrong place. In general the courses are very well defined and introduced.
overall great course and very informative. there were some issues with the  testing platform though
Some labs provide ssh commands or instructions without context or explanation on what they do etc..
I think it'll be useful if there was a compiled gossary for technical terms which we could refer to
Many videos needs restructuring.  Also content needs to be in sync/updated for newest GCP support.
Cloud is the future. And this course provided with all the basics needed to start working with GCP
Some of the coursework needs to be updated to match the Qwiklabs UI updates. Otherwise, very good.
overall good intro course, but some of the labs need some revision with syntax errors/missing code
Great overview.  A little on the long side.  Perhaps you can split out some of the later modules.
Course content is very good.Lab support is satisfying.I thoroughly enjoyed doing this.hank you :)
It was great to complete the first course on the google cloud platform using Coursera and Qwiklab
Course is really good. the only missing thing is if we can have lab on all topics and sub topics.
Good overview of GCP.  Doug does a great job (if a little dry) but a great course well delivered.
Nice approach of basics GCP components, could be cool if the lab contains more detailed example.
Great introduction, but put a lot of concepts very fast and explaining a little about every one.
The content and labs are very useful. Though the speed for beginner is slightly fast. Enjoyed it
Excellent contents and presentation. Nice Labs would give you much details & hands on. Thank You
Basic intro to Google Cloud which is still quite generic. But a good refresh course nonetheless.
Very High level- A wonderful way to start. But would be better if you go into a bit more detail.
Would love to see more real-life examples to accompany the theory explained so it really sticks.
I wish they had given some examples for dataflow and dataproc so it could be better understood.
Nice course - covered almost all the contents. The discussion around IAM looked little rushed.
Very Helpful and it would be more helpful if it has been conducted as online sessions on daily
Content is mostly good. Couple lessons had outdated UI. The web UI was crashing several times.
it could have been a little more descriptive..!!otherwise..it was a great learning experience.
The lecture tempo and content met the timelines given. The Qwiklabs complemented the lectures
In general it's good. But in half of Labs there is a incorrect or missing chunks of commands.
Good course to begin learn and understand how cloud solutions works and could be implemented.
Good. Help line phone numbers and chat should be available.  FAQ for errors can be introduced
more practical content in Kubernetes and Anthos, it got too much theoretical in that section
More hands-on and in depth sessions can help.Material is limited as compared to the content.
All the topics are well explained.  Have a bit of difficulty following kubernetes, clusters.
One of the courses was broken, but I was able to get by rewriting the course in cloud shell.
I had a few technical issues but was able to work them out for myself. Good course overall,.
Great Intro though some of the lab need to update, due to update to some of the services' UI
It was ok. Not that great because the practical/lab exercise should have been more in-depth.
Use arrow or pointer to show what line you are explaining and highlight the main word plzzz
All the sessions are very impressive but some portions in the tutorial look like a bit old.
This course is great, sometime in the LAB the details are not clear but overall 4/5 love it
Great overview of GCP structure and services - hands-on labs very illuminating of concepts.
Good course but was expecting more structured discussion around Networking .  MFA, Security
Learning about GCP is always fun. Very descriptive and straight to the point. Thanks a lot.
This Course is Good, but should have been more Elaboratve.(With some detailed Explanation)
There are some labs that needs an update because the code used didn't works. Good content.
Some instructions could be more thorough and the emails for help could be more insightful.
All most all components are explained in very easy way with handson on all topics covered.
Sometimes i need to do the lab twice. Course is not recognizing the qwiklabs fullfillment.
The labs can be more interesting. At present they are more follow the written instructions
The course is good, I want to revisit the Labs as they have all the important information.
Great course so far, though there have been a few bugs in both the quiz & kwiklabs parts.
It explained the basics of what services do what and had some pretty basic labs for demo.
NEED TO GIVE DETAIL EXPLANATION ON GOOGLE CLOUD COMMAND THAT WE ARE USING IN THIS SESSION
Good introductory - survey course.  I'm impressed with how the examples actually use GCP.
The content was good but I experienced several lab issues where I had to restart the lab.
Good labs and guided experience. Sometimes the Qwiklabs don't mark the first time around.
Learnt a lot about basics of cloud computing and google cloud platform and how it works.
The course was great. But faced some issues with the labs which were king of frustrating
Good course as getting started, but too much advertisement instead of technical aspects.
Overall really great course! Some parts seem to be too detailed, some others too short.
One star less becouse of problems with qwiklab with BigQuery. Thanks for this course :)
This class including the knowlage bisical about GCP is clair and complet for its level.
This course will let us understand the working of GCP and the required overview of GCP.
Good course. Should look into the lab instructions and improve some of the instructions
Course was good but i feel there should be more hands on exercises for the GCP services
This a great course. If you want to understand the principles of Google Cloud Platform.
Really cool to review the fundamentalLooking forward the more specialized Google course
This is very helpful, interactive and one may grow. It learned a lot from this course.
Great intro for GCP services. The labs could be improved with more complex escenarios.
The course contains a lot of information to analyze so it took me more than one week.
Good course but some of the multiple choice assessment questions are a bit debateable
Had to do some of the labs multiple times, they weren't updating my labs as complete.
Very helpful to get an overview of parts of the big and mighty Google Cloud Platform.
Really a great course who like to start their product development under google cloud
Some minor things need to be fixed in the labs but thats more an issue with qwiklabs
A great course overall. But I was hoping to see more technical, programming details.
The course is dense and full of information covering headline of GCP infrastructure.
Not completely up to date with the current offer. For example, Cloud Run is missing.
Like it much. Some topic are really deep  like container for an intro.  else its ok.
The content was great! However, I had to listen and double speed to keep me focused.
It is a very good course for beginners. Great platform to learn this new technology.
Some topics are out of date, but it was a great and valuable source of information.
There were some issues here and there in the labs but other than that it was great.
very good except for a bit of issues with the LAB steps. like no updated correctly.
It was challenging but I loved learning about GCP's core fundamentals! It was fun!
subject is well defined. theoretical part is nice, need more on practical session.
Usually VM-instances take half of the time during laboratories to be provisioned.
Some things are little outdated but in general nice introduction to google cloud
Had to redo couple of labs as the completion status wasn't updated successfully!
Very good, well explained. The information seems a bit dated, but is acceptable.
excellent course and covered basic fundamentals you would like to know about GCP
This is wonderful course for knowing and understanding about GCP infrastructure.
Trainer is very well versed and knowledgeable. Love the different hands-on labs.
Really good course and using qwiklabs is awesome method. Ty coursera and Google
It was good to know Google Compute and Netowrking details. Labs are quite good.
Very well structured course. A must do for technology enthusuasts of the future
Good learning experience, if with commands we can get syntax it would be easier
it is very pleasure for me that i gain oppurtunity to take classes on coursera
I enjoyed this course a lot , except for the lab that is not working properly.
Awesome,,,, I learned so much from the course... this is a great start for GCP
Experience small issues with Labs.Great video and note taking features overall
A great introduction that brings all the parts together in a condensed course.
IAM configuration should be covered as lab considering the importance it plays
Got to know the cloud platform better. But the hands-on part was a bit tedious
Excellent course. Information is presented very clearly. Labs were very useful
The theory part is awesome and well explained and concise. Labs are too easy.
Some labs provide outdated instructions. But overall this course pretty good.
It was easy and fun overall, but some of the content was based on the old UI.
Really good over course to understand Google Cloud services and how it works.
There are some issues in the lab practices, aside from that excellent course.
It would have been better if Cloud IOT Core and Cloud Firestore were covered,
Easy to follow and save times to finding all links and resources by yourself.
Strong Course with a couple of questions that tripped me up first time round.
Overall it was a great overview.. Looking forward to seeing upcoming courses.
really good course except the bigquery labs there was unresolved error there
Qwiklabs were not working making it impossible to complete some of the labs.
This is a perfect start to learn GCP Cloud basic with smaller hands-on labs.
really good intro and of course the labs are great to start getting hands on
good format, more focus on labs vs. silly company acronyms and nomenclature.
Excellent flow..  starts alittle slow.. but good pace in the middle and end.
Good course overall, explanations were on spot and I am very happu with it!
Labs where great and they helped reinforce learning the material presented.
Very nicely designed course for basic learning about google cloud platform.
Much more than an overview.  You follow a "real world" implementation case.
This really covers the overview of all the google cloud services available.
Good course with learning videos and lab session on google cloud platform.
Very good training, when you start you dont whant to stop until you finish
Teach you how to use GCP core components and have basic knowledge on that.
Great learning experience which gives a holistic view of the GCP offerings
Good training content with required lab to get clarity on what we learning
There are some content that must be updated regarding mainly stackdriver.
Content and Labwork did helped to gain knowledge about core fundamentals.
Some section were just lectures which made it hard to retain information.
Gettin the last lab (BigQuery) detected by coursera was a bit of trouble.
practical test should be more complicated than just copy-n-paste problems
quality of the content and explanation by instructors drives me crazy ...
Good lecture and very good demo. The lab is the most useful part I think.
Great material, its very cool you can test on qwik what you just learned!
Good! I have learnt a lot and the hands-on labs are really useful for me
very informative course, loved working in GCP while learninng the theory
Good Lectures and lab sections. Got a chance to deal with a new platform
Good introduction to GCP with easy-to-understand hands-on lab exercises.
Really good material to have an overall understanding of GCP in general.
Best course for learning the basics and put hands on the platform easily
the course is useful in learning the more practice of hands on approach
this course is amazing to understand the concept of cloud fundamentals.
Professors are really awesome.Made the content very easy to understand.
Good content . Practive labs can be more accessible  with more contect.
I think some topics should be more illustrated, showing real scenarios.
A well balanced introduction to GCP components, services and concepts.
A good start for understanding Google Cloud Platform and its services.
Very satisfied Google Cloud Platform Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure
Great course with so much knowledge. Some labs are misdesigned though.
Due time is too short if you would like to go deeper by reading extra.
Very interesting topic, excellent explanations and useful hands-on lab
Text below videos can be formatted to start new sections on a new line
Great work! But needs to be kept up to date as the GCP tools change :)
Very nice core introduction that every GCP IT professional should take
please add more LAB excercises and quick notes to remember the things
This was a very good general overview of the GCP Core Infrastructure
Good! Sometimes You can lose some piece. But just one or two pieces.
This course was in very brief, just like giving overview of the GCP.
The content was lacking enough examples and use cases in some parts.
Would be to get to know more the pub/sub especially with a practical
Course material clear and informative. Lab sessions are well guided.
Interesting and useful information about the system of google cloud.
It is very good course. this course give me help for career growth.
This really is a great course, and I love the ecosystem. Well done!
Course is very informative and useful .Very Impressed with the labs
Great course. Give good insights into Google Cloud core components.
The course material and Lab are very good to use and knowledgeable.
A great beginner level course to take before entering into the GCP.
Good foundational intro. First 1-2 Bookshelf labs need to be fixed.
The course is good for people who want to learn cloud fundamentals
Nice quick start for getting familiar with google cloud offerings.
Some issues with some new console UI not matching lab instructions
Thoroughly enjoyed the course, however I felt it is bit outdated .
some labs could be less led and more figure it out but good intro
A little choppy on the text to language but overall great course.
good one. Descriptive and to the points. Labs are of good benefit
This course provide very good understanding of GCP fundamentals.
THE COURSE WAS SELF EXPLANATORY AND THE TOPIC WAS REALLY HELPFUL
Very detailed theory provided, but lab content is insufficient .
Voice over is too lazy and dull. Else course is good for basics.
Good introduction to what can be done with Google Cloud Platform
Lab assignments are very useful for understanding the concepts.
I would have enjoyed a more challenging experience in the labs.
A few hiccups along the way, but excellent introductory course.
It gives a good tour of GCP platform, not much serious but good
Decent intro content, but the labs could use some improvements.
The explanations were not so interactive. othervise it was fine
A lot of content for one week, best spread out across two weeks
can provide more details with respect to each topic/technology.
Great course to get familiar with GCP capabilities and services
Good Course for Starters Who are Willing to Boost There Career
Lots of information about google offerings and very insightful
Some of the labs were a little ambiguous in their instructions
Would like to have more resources on containers and kubernetes
good thing in training is  having interactive lab to practice.
Good start to GCP fundamentals and to know available services.
hands-on labs is good - makes one feel comfortable using GCP.
Some of the Labs were a little too much work to follow along.
Very applicable to the workplace. Would definitely recommend.
One star missing due to a lab that just didn't work properly.
Absolutely helpful, Thanks to Google Educators and coursera.
What an introduction and their a lot of new things  to learn
Excellent step-by-step introduction to GCP. Very interesting
Very informative for a course which teaches on fundamentals.
A basic course design for individuals who want to learn GCP.
Great course to get started with Google Cloud applications.
Good course for Core Infrastructure services offered by GCP
quick overview on the breadth of the google cloud offerings
Nice course,lectures  with deep explanations on each topic.
Excellent overview of the services with easy to follow labs
Good overview.  Assignments are pretty much copy and paste.
Some qwiklabs resources do not immediately appear as passed
Content well presented.  Easy to understand. in some areas,
The lab is easy to have errors if I doing some experiment.
Finally, after several timeouts and slow lab-time response
It's good training, but some of the material was outdated.
Was well structured but could have been more technical! :)
Some lab in Qwiklab 's not working well with gcloud shell
there should be correct question and answer set displayed
Understanding given in the course easy and clearly doubts
Great content. Good overall introduction to GCP services.
Good overview of the different GCP infra-related services
Need better examples to understand deeply about the topic
i would like that course, because everything explainable.
Can be more real-time graphics based and lab demonstrated
Excellent course, with quality training materials and Lab
Excellent and quick introduction to the many GCP services
although it is recorded I felt it to be very interactive
Good introduction, with a good balance of hands-on labs.
Nicely covered basics of different google cloud services
It would be good to have a bigger big query info and lab
Good basic introduction.  Not much depth, but good labs.
Good course. Occasional hiccup in the video progression.
More examples and practical exercises would be helpfull
I'd like overview of service and the depth of materials
A good introduction to google cloud with lab exercices.
this course is good for met to learn GCP core services.
Really Interesting to know about Google Cloud Platform
i stuck in one assignment, but its a great experience.
Good platform to learn about google cloud Fundamentals
I would prefer some topics to be explained a bit more.
Great Introduction to GCP, some sections needs updates
Great introdution to Google Platform, fast and precise
course content is good, delivery needs to be improved
New labs instructions are a bit off the instructions/
Good Course to lern Google cloud platform from scrath
Information is fine, the labs are a little bit simple
A great concise course which covers the fundamentals.
Nice, touches up on all the features at a high level
The course was really interesting. It was excellent.
it is good course for understanding basics about GCP
Good course if you are looking for GCP fundamentals.
good course for learning cloud platform fundamentals
Good foundation course to start google cloud journey
Some information is outdated, especially menu's name
The course was very helpful to get started with GCP
An amazing course, explaining the very fundamentals
the transcripts are auto-translated and have typos.
Some labs must to be updated to the new GCP console
Enjoyed every bit of this course contents and labs.
Good initiation course in the Google Cloud Platform
Good fundamentals course. Overview of GCP services.
Every detail of the concepts are clearly explained
Nice Course Its gives basic idea of Google cloud .
lessons are boring , could be made more indulging.
Good,course but need more instruction and examples
Great high level introduction to the GCP platform.
Good Start for GCP to understand Google Offerings.
Overall was good but i was expecting more hands-on
There are some missing detail screen in exercise .
Very good fundamental course.  Highly recommend it
Lab Work can be more efficient and user friendly .
Good understand of basics of core infrastructure.
It was awesome, learnt allot of the basics of GCP
its quite intersting to learn new things in cloud
So much new stuff, review has been really helpful
its good but some time it can't explain properly.
Good one for theoretical knowledge to start with.
It's been a complete introduction to what GCP is.
Worthwhile introduction to Google Cloud services.
Great Course for starting with the google cloud.
Good learning and introduction to GCP ecosystem.
Provide the good basic understanding of the GCP.
Please include examples for better understanding
Nice to Learn the GCP from this starting point !
some labs are different when I use on the portal
Good quality course that has been laid out well.
A solid introduction to the fundamentals of GCP.
Very good organised with excellent lab sessions.
Instructor should cover the topics more in depth
Good contents with detail explanation and Labs.
Update it with the latest version video content
Towards the end the labs were starting to fail.
The guy is a bit dull, but good overview of GCP
Best part of this course is 'hand's on Labs' .
Good intro to GCP and its uses and components.
it was really an interesting  week . thank you
very interesting platform for cloud computing.
Gave me a good foundation knowledge on the GCP
excellent course with some glitches on one lab
Amazing course! Just need to improve Qwiklabs
I survived... and I'm learning more every day
That's a great course for a beginner like me.
Great introductory course to get you started!
There is to much advertisement in this module
lots of thing learn from this training module
should have covered more on containers and AI
GOOD journey with an interesting presentation
Easy to understand and perform lab exercises.
Well tailored and specific on my requirements
an easy way to get started with Google Cloud.
The course is vary basic. Good for beginners!
Nice course to understand the basics of GCP.
good basic understanding of GCP Architecture
Nice coure to undertand  google cloud basics
Good course to learn  basics of google cloud
good course to optain an overview about GCP.
Very  Helpful in learning GCP Fundamentals.
Good to start with what services GCP offers
very useful to know the basics in the cloud
Good for getting high level overview of GCP
This is a good startup course from scratch.
Excellent overview of Google cloud services
Good course to nail down your fundamentals.
Great introduction to Google Cloud Platform
A good summary of what Google has to offer
Nice course contents.  Enjoyed the course.
Wonderful course and very well structured.
good content with short video explanations
Qwiklab issue is still there please fix it
Nice but the lab demos are  a bit outdated
Very clear and hands-on course. Thank you.
Thanks its very good experience with labs
Excellent easy to understand content. !!!
Good introductory course to GCP services.
Labs just an reiteration of the videos...
Gives a detail overview of GCP Offerings.
Quite good to see what you can do in GCP
THE LAB PART IS A BIT HARD TO UNDERSTAND
Good overview of key capabilities of GCP
Excellent overview and initial  lab work
Great introduction to GCP infrastructure
Gives a first basic understanding of GCP
Very nice content really learned so much
Labs helped a lot to understand concepts
Just need to update some of the modules.
Good overview of various cloud offerings
Very informative and practical oriented.
good for getting start in Google world.
Helpful lab handson, and demonstration.
Good basic intro, not very challenging.
Comprehensive materials to get into GCP
so happy to know about new thing on GCP
Great review of google cloud platform !
A good course for introduction purposes
some labs have problem with cloud shell
Very little covered on Machine Learning
the experience is great and profitable
Great course, well-explained with labs
A few more in-depth labs would be nice
Thanks for providing the basics of GCP
some labs were difficult to understand
Amazing course... worth taking it up!.
The labs should be ipdated and tested
Nice get through of all GCP offerings
Good course with lots of informations
had a good experience working on labs
wanted more labs sessions than videos
Good introduction to the fundamentals
Excellent course for an introduction!
Educational and great open excercises
A very informatove course about GCP.
Some demo screens need to be updated
Lab sometimes not work as expected .
Labs are difficult to understanding.
Some bugs but generally pretty good.
Hands on labs could be more detailed
Nice begining and great introduction
Nice course and good study materials
Very clear. But a bit long I think.
Some buggy labs are really annoying
I feel quite tough way of teaching.
Some labs could be more challenging
nicely drafted except few questions
it was really good .. learned a lot
Some instructions were not so clear
byte size courses. Crisp and clear.
Easy but nice for starting with GCP
Very high level, but a decent intro
All the materials are well prepared
Nice overview of GCP possibilities.
Good Introduction. Well structured.
Instructor could be less monotonous
Some of the codelabs need updating!
Some resources needs to be updated
Great course, is let me konw more.
Things need to be more explanatory
very effective course to take away
reat learning into the core of GCP
Good introduction with quick labs.
informative and easy to understand
The lab videos need to be updated
Hands on lab should be added more
i was a great experience overall.
All concept covers and it is good
could be a little more in depth.
Very good course..time consuming
Goodunderstanding GCP core infra
A good explanation with hands on
Great Learning, it helps us alot
Nice materials and very dynamic
Labs were too brief and shallow
Good over view, now to dive in.
Good content and lab also good
Was a good introduction to GCP
Some practice task didn`t work
Excellent for Beginners on GCP
Engaging and full of exercises
Gives a nice eagle-view on GCP
Nice .Andh elpful to everyone.
Too much info but it's alright
The course has an high value!!
Very Informative on the basics
Video is sometimes ineffective
was in depth but very helpful
gottoknoweverthingaboutgcp!!!
cool coruse, very informative
learned lot about basic skill
OK, lots of issues with labs.
good startgot the basic terms
It was a great experience!!!
Interesting and interactive.
Great... Still going through
Clear and easy to understand
there are a couple misptints
Very good labs and quizzes.
Thanks for this opportunity
Not everything was updated.
Good Course for beginners!!
Nice to learning the basics
It was a good introduction.
I liked so much the course
pretty good. learned a lot
Extensive overview of GCP!
Add verified technical lab
Great introductory Course.
Great content, thank you!
was a good learning style
its really amazing course
It was a nice experience.
good interactive sessions
It was a very fine course
Course was really helpful
Nice high-level overview.
good first cap i enjoy it
Good understanding of GCP
it is good as an overview
Amazing for any beginner.
Good to gather knowledge
good and nice experience
Good learning experience
Good high level overview
The Labs can be inproved
Some labs failed to run.
This was from last year.
very good starting point
Good introduction to GCP
Nicely Explained course
I need my certification
Need more hand-on labs.
Not bad, bit fast paced
Good one to start with.
Content is very usefull
Small typos and changes
Easy and Nice learning
Labs shall be improved
Thanks for this course
Great Overview Course!
Namingneedstobeupdated
Nice free introduction
Good videos with Demo.
a little many content
It's all right for me
It can go deeper, Tkx
Nice sessions for GCP
It was good learning
Very Good experience
I enjoyed the course
It was nice learning
Generally well done!
Too much babysitting
Really Good training
good and intresting
Good starting point
Great entry course!
Good starting point
Very good explained
Very nice platform
Very nice overview
Very good training
IT IS REALY USEFUL
I Love this course
good but too long
Awesome material.
Somewhat outdated
A good initiative
Course was good.
Very imformative
Very Satisfied.
Very real done!
A little wordy
Good and Clear
really helpful
a smorgasboard
Nice training!
great session
nice overview
Good content.
Nice learning
Nice Start...
interesting
good topics
Satisfied
too long
Well designed course, but not for the beginners. It was tough for me to finish this course in one week. Actually I did it more than in a month.
This was one of the best learning I had. Very simple and easy way to do the labs and understand the concepts. Even though the content is around fundamentals, it helps to remember the terminologies.
This course is amazing!1. The materials/instructions are just at points. I like those comparison tables.2. The exam lab is cool. It can detect your steps (the majority of time) and do the score.3. All the demos are accurate! Everything you see in demo, you can find it exactly in the GCP lab. I've taken a few other online trainings before, some times it's very frustrated to find a button on the web page which you've just seen in the demo... It's not easy to make it accurate. As an engineer who usually prepare demos for teams, you have to keep updating your slides and recording again whenever there's a change in the product... Or, maybe Google has tied the lab with the course as the real online GCP keep updating. So the instructors here don't need to record demo again after they're done the demo unless the lab system got updated. Who knows.. Anyway, it's really good experiences for audiences following the demos.4. After taking this course, I have created around sixteen mind maps. This means, the content is well organized and prepared, otherwise you won't be able to connect them in mind maps!But there's always room to improve. I don't like the instructor is just talking in font of you without showing any valuable content besides him/her. At least show something related to the talking. The scoring system of the lab need some improvements, one time it showed 10/10 even I just start. At the end, this is the first course I've taken on Coursera.org. The journey is never ending. Stay Hungry.  Stay Foolish.
Great course to introduce the specialization. It could be more robust, but it does the job and you are also provided with links for documents that will help you build on what you learn in the course.
Very helpful and informative. The videos guided me perfectly and quizzes helped to recollect what I learned. Moreover the demonstration sessions were perfectly arranged and gave us proper benefit.
Great introductions course. Very nice instructors with great charisma and skills. Useful labs, very thoughtful. I definitely recommend this course everyone who is willing to get started with GCP!
This course is useful for those who wants to explorer google cloud platforme.g: what database engine should I use?what is more cost efficient for our application, Compute engine or App engine
Excellent course material and instructors way of teaching. This course helps me to understand the Google cloud in an effective way and provide me a leverage in my career path.
I sincerely learn a lot from this course. The content was clear and the questions were challenging.
This course gives good non-in-depth overview of GCP. You'll learn about most of options and tools GCP offers. Also I really liked that all labs are automated and don't suffer from peer-review issues.
I really think this is a good way to get people that hasn't had interaction with GCP before on track, but it also is of really good use for regular users to discover more capabilities of the platform
Very nice overview.  The videos and labs were very informative and easy to follow.
This was a very good introduction and foundation. I have a lot of AWS experience so I wish that it moved a little faster but for someone with less cloud exposure the additional background would be welcome.
I like the course very well-organized and vast knowledge.
great course but there are a lot of modules on that
Nice Course , Explained in detail and to the core
Really good introduction to Google Cloud Platform
Excellent course for beginners to start GCP.
Amazing content. Great course.
Thank you so much for this amazing interactive course.  I enjoyed every part for improvement suggestions please consider increasing the lab projects' time a bit so that students can be on less pressure
This is a kind of course required for any cyber security analyst looking into venturing in Cloud security (in particularly GCP here). The course had a very vast touch points and some very interesting detailing for the person to understand what are the common cloud terminologies used in GCP, what each of them mean, how they are related, how we can work on this platform. It is complete package i could say, i personally enjoyed this learning session. As i did the course during my free trail session (week access to coursera portal) I have determined to cover the course within that time period though it was too much to grasp, i still have a day's time left now. I am surely going to revise the topics, to make sure i have taken the best from this course. Thank you so much Google & Team!
Pretty good introduction into Google Cloud Core Infrastructure with practical labs which give you a sense of how things works. You not only watch and read but experience how things work and try things out in the cloud. 👍🏻 One think I didn't like so far, is the fact that instructors read from the screen, predefined, very short and very non human text, which is good for reading, but not for listening. I think it's fine for instructors use notes, but reading the whole course from the screen. You can find a guy from the street, put a Google T-Shirt on him, and ask him to teach the course, it would look the same, given guy can read and speak well.
Very good overview of the GCP core services. I would argue that it's a lot of information to digest in a week, but the slides are amazing to refresh your memory. The labs are a quite nice touch. The GCP console interface was a little bit different to what was in the videos, but it was not a serious issue. Sometimes the lab progress tracking would not work and I would redo it in fast-forward. Again, not a serious issue, but it can be annoying if you don't figure it out early in the lab's progress, as you need to restart the lab that takes some time for provisioning account, project and VMs.
The course provides most of the cloud concepts with lab facility and for the beginner this course is a lot to swallow, as each session is lot to learn and understand, additional effort is must before proceeding to the next session with in a week course. I found the lab exercises are useful as it helps to understand few of the commands (especially for the application developers) to learn and apply.Overall, I recommend this, but in one week this is plenty and definitely the student has to spend additional effort before/after each session to grasp and fetch more from this course.
I came at this course with a fresh eyes, as this was my first exposure to the Google Cloud Platform ecosystem. Wow, what an incredible array of choices available to developers and companies for a variety of functions. This course does assume a certain level of technical knowledge (as far as comprehension goes, in my opinion) but the labs are exquisitely done; you won't be left hanging wondering what you next step is, as all steps are laid out sequentially. Overall I thoroughly enjoyed the material and look forward to continuing the specialization(s) offered!
Fantastic course! I really liked the mix of instructors and their different teaching styles. All the instructors were very knowledgeable and explained the content clearly. I also really, really, really appreciated the hands on labs. The instructions were easy to follow and I understood why I was doing these technical things step by step. I've been working on some GCP project over the last year or so (with training during my Master's program). This is by far the most informative/useful exercise I've had for learning GCP in depth.
I learned about what is mean by Cloud Computing,GCP regions and zones IaaS ,PaaS ,SaaSthe services provided by Google Cloud,Compute,Storage,Big Data,Networking,Security,Google Cloud Platform storage services,how it works,examine the function and purpose of Google Cloud Platform's big data and machine learning services.It gives overall insight about storage ,big data and machine learning services offered,its advantages,properties and the audiences.I'm grateful and feel more knowledgeable about Google Cloud Platform now!
I think the only reason I was really not engaged this week was honestly because I've done all but 1-2 of the Qwiklabs before. It felt like a repetitive for me but I was obligated to do them as they were a grade requirement and I had to go through them again when I've built working PoCs in GCP. However, if I was brand new to GCP this course would be very engaging and I think that it would definitely be useful to go through the Qwiklabs, lectures, and quizzes.
Having been on gcp adoption journey for a while now, took this course as part of architecture with Google cloud specialization.

Found the content to be good and explanations were just enough to get a high-level introduction.

Found the labs to be quite interesting however the labs experience could have been improved by not having to login for each section.

Would recommend for any one wanting to get a good overview of gcp ecosystem.
I first became familiar with GCP at Google's Cloud Onboard event in 2016, and was granted a generous $3000 credit to use in the Google Cloud. This sufficiently prepared me for this course making it possible to easily absorb ALL OF THE CONTENT AND FEATURES exhibited.I am very grateful, and excited, to finally start using advanced features in my own applications that will make them more useful and bring value to others. Thank You!
When i enrolled in this course literally i was like a blank page .I learnt lots of things from this course and i am grateful to Coursera team who is helping the students &professional to develop their-self. I have excellent experience with this course however if anyone ask will  me that what was most important thing in this course i will highly said that <<<Lab part which gives us real exp>>>>> . Happy to learn with coursera
Nice Course with all the concepts been explained in DEPTH! Needed to spend some quality time to imbibe and I would recommend to see all the videos twice in full stretch or seeking back to the part of the video where you didn't understand. For those who want to know what's cloud and GCP, you must take this course up and complete it. Opting a specialization is even recommended personally to grasp the core concepts even deeper.
Overall acceptable. As a visual/text/reading learning the videos slow down my progress, and hinder my retention. I found the PDF file(s) often had missing elements, or contained more information. Also a number of the transcripts are in error. For example IAM transcribed as "I am" several times. Also the text too speech process used (assumed) did not manage one of the presenter/trainer's speech patterns well at all.
Very good course... some slides did not correspond to discussion in terms of content (have to look at both) and some video (eg lab previews) were dated.   Some lab issues occurred with course not recognizing completed which required re-do.   Some content could elaborate more on details... for example, processing limitations of data ingestion, security as it applies across different services (eg API), etc.
It was an amazing journey into Cloud Computing with the Google Cloud Platform. It gave a broad overview of all the important cloud concepts in a very short period of time. The hands on lab also gave us an idea of how Google Cloud Platform works and the various amazing technologies integrated into it. This course is a must for those who wants to know what cloud is and understand how Google Cloud works.
most people want to use cloud computing technology, because they want to pursue the efficiency side of a system's infrastructure. By taking this course, I have come to better understand how to determine the right infrastructure for a project. By considering low costs when building, efficiency in infrastructure maintenance, speed selection and data accuracy can be provided by the system to end-users.
Effective learning is a result of layering a combination of different experiences. The format of interactive course material, along with linear Video, External Links and text orchestration via Video and a readable and timed transcript is simply excellent. It reflects instructional design and detail in the construction of this learning experience that is all the future of learning is intended to be.
I think this was a pretty good course to introduce someone to GCP. I am looking forward to completing the entire specialisation. The instructors are almost always very easy to understand and the exercises are helpful. One aspect that be improved in this course is adding a few minutes in the introduction to broadly clarify the distinction between the various Compute services provided by GCP.
Thank you very much Coursera and google for providing the materials to learn the fundamentals of GCP infrastructure. The course was well organized, questions arranged accordingly with necessary complexity. Qwiklab helped me to get a hands-on experience with vast GCP services and the experience I has was enormous. I'm planning to use the skills I've learnt in this course in my projects
Very good course to get you introduced to all GCP and general cloud concepts. Some details are just on the surface (i.e. has much more depth), but since its introductory its good enough information. The hands on lab is very good. You can see things working. I found this the most helpful. The explained concepts are very crisp and the course seems very current and recent.
It was a fantastic experience. This was my first time with google cloud instructors and they were way better than expected specially Mr. Brian Rice and Ms. Catherine Gamboa, always precise and to the point. I was able to learn so many things and it exposed me to the far ends of cloud computing, which in turn invigorates me to learn more and continue my specialization.
One of the better online training courses I've done for any Cloud platform.  The lessons are condensed introductions to the services and concepts, with links to all the relevant documentation, and the labs are designed in a very useful way, guiding the student through the steps, but letting the student be hands on with the actual tools used in production environments.
I can readily recommend this course so far to anyone interested in getting an overview of the Google Cloud Platform, and how the various products and services available on GCP fit together to provide a superior cloud platform. GCP is very well suited to a multitude of purposes for businesses and enthusiasts alike. Very much looking forward to week two of this course!
I am grateful to google for giving me the Chance to know its largest Cloud-Infrastructures. I have enjoyed this course & I have learned a lot about Google Cloud Platform & Its massive cloud infrastructures through this Google Cloud Platform Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure Course. I am very much interested & curious to know more about Google-Cloud Platform.
The course was good in terms of explaining the core fundamental cloud concepts. The hands on lab offered by qwiklabs is helpful to actually see the concepts in action. There could have been a more elaborated discussion on Kubernetes, Machine learning platform and cloud storage type. Anyways we have an option to explore more using their cloud documentation
This was really a good overview on overall GCP Platform.The byte sized quizzes are really good. You often fail and revisit and clarify the concepts (at least for me)Qwiklabs hands on are really helpful and make you feel engaged.One suggestion though: if there was a provision of one gcp account till the entire course duration (timed demos are very limited)
Extremely professionally curated course, delving into the core of the GCP basics - perfect for a business professional wanting to learn more on Cloud Computing. Especially appreciated the Lab exercises which made learning hands-on, and gave a glimpse into the actual interface of GCP. Kudos to the Google team for building such a wonderful cloud platform!
It's a very well designed course and the instructor, Doug, has a very calm and clear way of explaining all the Google services. The lab demos further help in better understanding the services. One should also personally carryout the exercise labs at end of each module to get better understanding. Overall I found it perfect and well constructed course.
This is an excellent introduction to all the core services and features in the Google Cloud Platform. This course has a lot of good labs that give you hands on experience on services such as Compute Engine, Container Engine (Kubernetes), AppEngine (The Google's PaaS for web apps) and various of their Cloud Storage services. Highly recommended.
Good if you want understand the high level fundamentals about GCP in relation and you already have an understanding about other Public Cloud offerings. To better understand each product you need continue studying the other courses in the Coursera GCP curriculum. Very good the hands on quiklab sessions to start using GCP products from scratch.
This course holds a detailed explanation of the products that GCP offers, understanding the GCP architecture and having hands-on experience through labs after each module helped me understand  how products are used in realtime scenarios. Lecture content and precise and up to the mark with quizzes actually helped me to test my understandings.
Very effective and informative course, significantly grows my knowledge.  It's makes me easier to understand the bigger picture about Google Cloud Platform, and to determine the next path of my career and  my interest of learning. I hope there is a chance for me to take part in this exponentially technological growth in ICT World. Thank You!
The course tries to cover the major components of GCP and designed in such a way it cater to all the learner levels. Newbies could come across some unheard terminologies, but suggest to go through the course material patiently and do a little bit of reading on web. Thoroughly satisfied with the Lab provisioning, content creators and coursera
At first is should thank Dough for providing such a wonderful and effective introductory course in the GCP fundamentals.This course i would say that this is the starting step for GCP platform, one can really enjoy the course sessions with simple implementations taught by the tutor. cheers to google for providing such an awesome course .
Oh Gosh, I Finally completed it. My Achievement. I'd really recommend this to all of you guys, this is exactly what you need to get a good grasp of the whole "Cloud Computing" topic. I am still amazed to learn and found so many cloud tools by google which literally can take off my days work to design a really good software or program.
This is fantastic, designed with care, Step by step and lab support is awesome. Quiz need improvment as sometime same answer is shown as incorrect but correct sometime. But rest everything is awesone. Prior to this course my understanding on cloud was limited but after this foundation course I have more indepth understanding on cloud.
Though I had a 365-day trial a year ago, quiklabs make it much more convenient. On the downside, there is still a lot to learn on your own in order to use Shell effectively rather than copy and paste commands listed in the lab.Overall, it was concise enough. Brian is a great lector, and Catherine told a great joke about him.Thank you!
It was interesting for me to know about wide range of possibilities make devops process easy and almost automated with GCP. Also, this course was usefull for me to understand best practice of data storing, runing applications with kubernetes and understanding very easy way to manage network, load balancing, and other operative works
This is a great introductory course to the specialization - Architecting with Google Cloud Platform. Along with covering the basic concepts of GCP suites of services , this gives brief overview of some important tools and technologies like Kubernetes, Big Data , Machine Learning etc. Overall, an awesome place to start learning GCP.
The Cloud Storage quiz was very frustrating.  Typing in storage options, they wanted "Cloud" with a capital "C" and "Bigtable" with a capital "B" and small "t" exactly like that, it took 5 tries to get the term correct and precisely the way they wanted it.  This was unnecessary.  Otherwise the course is a good introduction to GCP.
The course is very well structrured, with short videos that go straight to the point. The instructors are great, there is an environment used to practical assignments which is perfect to get to know the platform without having to pay any extra. Strongly recommend to anyone wanting to learn more about Clouds and GCP specifically.
I was totally beginner in this  Google cloud stuff even I wasn't aware of 'what is cloud ' but after taking this course I got to know about a lot more than my expectations.Just need some patience, consistency and some amount of good efforts....all the best and thanks to Google and Coursera for this awesome content.Regards,S K
Well paced and detailed. I like the presenter and presentation style. the demo is clear.I think the lab instructions can be further improved. other than that, the course is awesome!the dataproc, dataflow and tensorflow, mapreduce, i think these stuff can be further elaborated with example so that its clearer for students.
Such a Excellent Course Content, I had never seen. Beautifully articulated the concepts in a well organized way. Really appreciate the efforts made by the teachers. I am confident that not only I got good understanding of the concepts, completed labs and hands-on, but most importantly, i am going to pass the exam !!!! :)
I really enjoyed the content and especially the delivery by the instructor,  he talks about GCP with such confidence and he mentioned my favourite network address,  8.8.8.8,  thanks for the great content Coursera I learnt a great deal from this course,  I have more to learn thanks to the team who produced this content.
Good overview of the GCP Core Infrastructure.  Nice mix of videos, quizzes and labs.  The transcripts however have some errors since they seems to have been machine generated using voice-to-text technology.  Also, in some cases the lab instructions did not actually match what was displayed on Google Cloud Console.
Firstly I would like to thank Google for the course and Coursera for delivering through the platform.Let me tell you an honest review, this is a must course that you must take to increase your knowledge about GCP.Very well explained by instructors, Hands-on is must and Quiz to make sure you don't forget anything.
It was good, content was really good, videos helped but lab activity was not at all good. The versions are outdated and due to which codes are not running and to try it again we need to start Qwik labs too many times which in turn exceeds its quota which is too time consuming and also exhaust quota many a times
It was amazing Course . Very nicely explain every detail by instructor.This course has developed intrest in my mind that how the whole GCP would be working !!  I look forward to do more type of this course and learn more about GCP .Thank uou so much for the course to instructors ,  Coursera and Google Cloud .
First of all course is very big, with all the services GCP has to offer. Trainers try to keep the video short and informative to avoid users to get bored and not missing any information. Second course topics are explained very well. QuickLab helps a lot! Thanks Google and Coursera for such a amazing course.
As an introductory course, it was a an experience to first of all get to know of all the resources that we had in Google Cloud Platform. I had used GCP earlier but never got to explore as much as I did while going through this course. I hope to learn more about using cloud platforms in subsequent courses.
This course provides a very broad overview of the different services provided by the Google Cloud Platform.  This course is most applicable if you want to know which service is right for you.  If you already know what you will be using, I would recommend tutorials geared specifically towards that service.
I thoroughly enjoyed the course as it gave me insight into GCP taxonomy and architecture. I certainly wanted to thanks Brian for covering the Labs in a nice and easy way. I would definitely recommend this course to anyone who is willing to shift jobs or would like to get a promotion in his organization.
Great overview of GCP tools for someone with little prior knowledge of the platform, but aimed at an audience that understands the needs of applications they might be trying to build. So it can be brief in some areas, and heaver in others depending on your perspective. But overall, a very solid rundown.
285/5000
It seems to me a very well explained course in several cases and that gives you a great advantage in the sense of the practices at a real level with which I am very satisfied, thank coursera and google for launching these courses that are very helpful for people who want to dabble in the cloud
Great course, good way to start learning about GCP. Provides a small taste of everything and the quizzes help keep you honest.  I like the fact that Qwiklabs is mixed in to provide hands on without having to set up an account myself, but will eventually do so to continue to learn. Good format overall.
It was a well organized course with all the fundamentals and many more. It was structured in a way to get hands on experience without feeling anxious for beginners. The instructors are clear and inspirational.I am really happy about that I followed it and excited to explore many more courses in here.
Simple, very simple. Don't mix with trivial. Enjoyed every bit of it - because it does exactly what I expected: provides gentle introduction to Google Cloud Platform. Now I do have understanding of what path should I pick for my exact specialization, and will follow that path. Many thanks to authors.
I have taken some other courses about Cloud Technology but nothing comes close to this course on GCP. The practice sessions using qwiklab is amazing and gives a practical session of what has been taught. The subtitles are consistent without any error.Kudos Google and Coursera. Thanks for all you do.
I've enjoyed listening this course. i't pretty solid and informative. It has quality materials and instructions. Teachers are brilliant.Examinatioal tasks are user friendly and informative.All the demos are accurate and full of useful information. The content is well organized and prepared.Thank you
This course gives you a very simple and structure overview of the whole GCP core infrastructure. Quicklabs hands on tasks in between are good addition to make you comfortable with an environment. I would really recommend this course to all the people who are planning to start their journey with GCP
Labs are poor but the videos are worth auditing. If you do the full specialization, the content is repeated which is annoying because they waste time explaining things like "what is the cloud" and "what is a VM" and you can easily miss important information that wasn't present the first time round.
Extremely benefit, we are hearing every day about the google cloud technologie, and we have an idea about it, but it's just an idea, without details.
This course explain the most importants technicals aspects and make diferences between the services and engines.Thank you very much for this course !
I'VE FOUND THE COURSE VERY USEFUL AND VERY WELL EXPLAINED AND STRUCTURED WITH PLENTY OF EXPLANATIONS AND IMAGES TO HELP UNDERSTAND THE CONCEPTS. THE LABS ARE VERY INTERESTING AND THEY APPLIED ALL THE CONCEPTS EXPLAINED BEFORE. VERY RECOMMENDABLE COURSE ¡¡¡¡MANY THANKS FOR DOING YOUR GOOD JOB ¡¡¡¡
Excellent course offered by Coursera in associated with Google Cloud. The instructors of the course were fantastic in explaining the big concepts in crystal clear manner. I learnt a lot through handson practice on QwikLabs and the assessments on Quiz section helped me to solidify the concepts.
This was a very helpful course to get a basic understanding of GCP's common offerings. The lab sessions were very helpful to get a practical hands-on introduction to these offerings. This was much more effective in helping gain an understanding of the topics than just viewing the demo videos.
Both lecturers, Mr. Rice and Ms. Gamboa, were clear, concise, and to the point in delivering the contents.  The contents were very well put together, for example, various products were organized and compared in easy-to-read tables to differentiate them from one another.  Good place to start.
GCP is affordable and has solid performance, and Google has been adding data centers at a breakneck pace. ... While this review was aimed at IaaS, GCP, like other cloud services, is much more than just IaaS. Chances are that GCP can do anything in the cloud that you're likely to want done
This course exceeded my expectations. Good structure of the material presented, many quizzes to practice recalling the lectured material, and practical labs to get more familiarity and real feel of the studied lessons. Superbly done. A big thank you to Coursera and the course instructors.
This course helped me to learn Cloud Platform Fundamentals effective in a very efficient approach.I learn best from top to bottom as this course was helpful to get overall architect of Could in IT and then can learn more deeply in each area. The instructors were excellent in teaching me.
The Course Is Great For Audience who like to explore Google Cloud Platform Features and Tools. Also, the Qwiklabs provided to use is great way to explore the platform without worrying about creating account on Google Cloud Platform or risk of messing things while testing for first time.
This is a well-defined course.In particular, Qwiklabs links helped me to gain hands-on experience, which gave me confidence in this skill (Thank you very much for that).The slang of Coaches(Trainers) is universally understandable(I really like it).Overall it was a wonderful experience.
Love how easy understandable Coursera made this difficult to grasp subject. It was nicely broken up into smaller topics, the topics and topical relations were explained by the slightly nervous presenters. The Qwiklabs parts were seamlessly integrated. I can only recommend this course.
Today, I am filling myself confident to get into GCP and begin learning how to become a Google Cloud Professional Architect.Once more, great thanks to all the course staff, I have really appreciated this first journey throughout this first Fundamentals Core Infrastructure GCP course.
This course gives a pretty good understanding on the different options available on GCP. You would be able to tell the difference between them and what should be used for what type of application.The hands on labs are very well designed and help you get started with the GCP console.
It will be really helpful education about Google Cloud Platform!! Although you are very beginner for Cloud, you can quickly get used to it if you follow slowly. Next time, I'll try the other course, "Developing Applications with Google Cloud Platform"Thanx to Google and Coursera :)
Provides a solid overview of GCP.  Coursework is well laid out.  Supplied PDFs (video transcript with slides) and labs are particularly useful.  The breakdown from modules into components of so many minutes, along with the mobile app, makes it easy to follow the course on the go.
The course is pretty good. The interactive labs allow more significant contact with the platform. Besides, the videos are informative and easy to follow and understand. I believe that the only tricky point is the time available; just one week is difficult to complete the course.
Utterly Enjoyable. I have a huge gain with completing this First course. There is a ton of information to gain here. I will be purchasing some additional books so that i can take a deeper dive into google cloud, kubernetes, and machine learning. Thank you for all considerations.
Excellent course content with lot of hands-on exercises. Some topics were very tough because I am completely new to this technology. I learned a lot. Thanks, Google and Coursera for giving me the opportunity to learn new skills at the convenience of my home from the best people
This is a brief overview of google cloud platform, and gives you a basic idea on how to use it. The videos are typically of a person speaking, with few graphs and images and lab demonstrations on a laptop. A very helpful course for beginners who want to get into google cloud.
Literally, this is a piece of gold for all those who want to start their career in cloud and learn about cloud infrastructure and services. I recommend this course very much to students and IT professionals and developers who want to scale their apps for the global audience.
It is an excellent course with lots of information, but I think that it is necesary add more information about de storage, specificly related to how it works, they said it is not a file system, but then what is it? I really like to know how it works or how it is structured.
Great introduction to navigating GCP and to actually set up resources. Can be simple if your goal is to just finish, but if you take your time seeing how things play out rather than mindlessly skipping through videos and quizzes, the whole 4-course series can be worthwhile.
Great Cloud Platform Fundamentals Course. It is like they are holding your hands and walking you to learn the Fundamentals of Google cloud, its power and how robust and advanced it is when it comes to supporting your company's needs to transform into a cloud infrastructure.
Very good course for individuals who are new to the Cloud or need to link GCP service names to concepts they already know. The Qwiklabs set up is fantastic as it allows to guide the trainee through very simple scenarios to get acquainted with the Console interface and CLI.
This course provides a thorough overview of Google Cloud Platform services. The Qwiklabs learning platform allows for hands-on testing of the GCP material as you complete the videos for each module. The overview of Google's security stack is a nice added information bonus.
Good presentation of the course materials, good quizzes interspersed throughout the course to ensure you master the material that was taught and excellent hands-on labs helping work with the dashboard, console and other aspects of the Google Cloud Platform infrastructure.
Good initiation to GCP products, it might be useful to get some practice on products like cloud datastore, bigtable, cloud storage, cloud sql and cloud spanner. The theory is fine, but some real cases might help to understand in which situation which product is suitable.
The course explained the fundamentals of GCP in an easy to understand way. At some places though, the GCP console was bit different than what the instructor was showing during the demo. Might need some minor updates to the videos to keep up with the changes in GCP tools.
Evcellent introduction to the Google Cloud Platform Infrastructure. Very informative, with a wealth of additional material available. The labs are a huge practical resource for pulling the course information together and it certainly doesn't hurt that they are great fun!
Best course I have attended in a long time.  So many times too much information is crammed into the training that you can miss the main points of the training.  Your courses are simple and direct, explaining the concepts in easy to understand details.   Kudos to you!!!
Great experience with Coursera learning! The structure of course and trainers way of explaination were very good. Very user friendly UI UX of the app. And thanks to PSMO College for giving an opportunity for us to explore coursera learning with sponsorship programme.
One should take this as a first course for an overall understanding of GCP offerings.  The topics in the spread is rightly chosen. The course nicely integrates qwiklabs which introduces one with GCP Console with first hand experience to play with different services.
I´ve done many online courses in Udemy and Coursera, and this course was the best I´ve done. It´s just excellent. The content is very clear, quiz in all modules, and access to qwiklabs to practise!!! It´s very complete, and it´s worth the price. Totally recommended.
This was an amazing course. This course help me to help me to Interact with Google Cloud Platform services and to identify the purpose and value of Google Cloud Platform products and services. The labs were fantastic. Once again thanking  for providing this course.
Although I believe my skills were not entirely ready for this course, I was able to pick things up and follow along with relative ease.I believe module 5 was the hardest for me to grasp.Overall the course is a great way to start your Google Cloud Platform learning
Great course. Some contents are outdated, don't have contents about Firestore and Cloud Run, but you can get huge knowledgement of Google Cloud Platform core infraestructure. If you use Google Cloud Platform or want begin to use i'm highly recommend this course.
This has been my first Cloud course & Certification. I have been very happy with the way the whole course had been designed to work at your own pace. I would highly recommend people to do this course which gives you good high-level insight into GCP fundamentals.
This course is very well structured to introduce you in GCP. The LABs helped me a lot. I think is a very good thing that you can actually put your hands at work during the labs [writing in the cli], not just seeing a well trained persone that is typing commands.
Thorough, deep review of GCP.  I enjoyed getting a lecture, demonstration, and then a live hands-on, graded lab for each concept, along with a quiz to really cement the knowledge.  Each lesson made me eager to get started using GCP for work on personal projects.
It was a wonderful experience in taking this course. A lot of things were explained nicely. What I would suggest is more of a course delivery oriented towards a non technical audience so that things will become more clear and the delivery would be more engaging
Very good course content with hands on qwiklabs provided. The only suggestion may be to include additional reading material for hands on exercises, since we restrict focus to only the commands provided and not on all the things that can be done through the cli
Wow! That was intense. I admit this course was a high level overview from the standpoint of those who may be immersed in this field as a career choice, but coming from someone who knew next to nothing about Google Cloud Platform, this module was elucidating.
I loved this course!!! Specially the course structure. The module videos are short containing max 2-3 points which really helped to keep focus through out the course and it helped me to grab each and every important points and not miss any of those points.
Extremely satisfied with completion of this course. Very interactive course materials followed up with LAB and Knowledge test sessions. Love the overall training format. The best format I have gone through in recent times. Highly recommendable for others.
Nicely concise videos with ample chance to practice in QwikLabs. The demo videos are a little redundant as they cover the same content as the labs, but good if you are new to GCP to get an idea of how to find your way around before jumping into QwikLabs.
This is a very good course with all the in-depth knowledge needed in getting started in cloud technologies,  infrastructure and the offered services.It equips you with the knowledge of various components and good labs to help you solidify your knowledge.
As a beginner, learning about the fundamentals of cloud computing on GCP is quite interesting and educative. The Qwiklabs hands-on experience makes me feel like a cloud engineer already. Now, I'm eager to learn more by completing the remaining courses.
Good overview to get started with Google Cloud. Compares and contrasts between various core services of Google Cloud. The hands-on labs are a bit trivial for a cloud enthusiast but get the job done. I wish they provided slides for each of the modules
This was fun. I have not studied in decades. I credit my score with the fact I am already using Google Cloud Platform for my own company and with actual clients. Also, the Coursera platform is awesome. I love the Codelabs too!I highly recommend this.
Despite this is an introduction to Google Cloud Platform, this course is very well structured and teachers are very good explaining all the arguments. I decided to take this course to start my path for the Professional Cloud Architect certification.
I just loved to learn about GCP fundamentals .. Its really interesting and also helpful for future in Google .. And the Mentors are also supportive who care about problems in programming or in the video lecture .. THANK YOU for this wonderful course
The class is friendly and make me laugh when I make my way to courses.The teacher can be configured to speak 2x faster than what he usually speak at!This is a big advantage we need to use to assimilate all their base, their base. All belong to us.
Covered all of the services in an efficient way. Labs were well done , matched the lectures perfectly, and demonstrated the products without wasting time.  Good balance between work down for you, and work the student got to experience hands on.
The course is very good for the beginners to know and learn the Google Cloud Platform Fundamentals and I was very happy while listening to the video lectures as well leaning some efforts while doing the labs, so this experience was fabulous..!
It was a neat course with lots of short explicative videos and LOTS of quizzes and hands-on assignments. I'm not an IT professional but I was able to learn and understand basic cloud concepts and apply them in the hands-on labs. Recommend 100%
Very good introduction into the Google Cloud Platform products.In addition to the theory and some real life Use Cases, this course provides easy to follow hands-on Labs,  to get a first hand feel on how to work with the different GCP products.
Excellent presentation, good level of demonstration and lab exercises.Use of real life use case  help understand each of the GCP resources better and use of simple and understandable  language and accent,  made the course easy to learn.Thanks
Great Course with Basic Hands-on Labs. It really helped me revise the lab training and to learn with Google's Cloud Infrastructure Basic knowledge. Special Thanks to  instructors of this course for designing such a great learning experience!
I would like to say thank you to Coursera, through this course i gain many knowledge (not only GCP) that i need to improve myself.Thank you for all the people who involve in this great course and app you provide for us to practice.GOD Bless
If you wish to understand and apply all of the rudiments of google cloud platform and infrastructure, the Google Cloud Platform Fundamental : Core Infrastructure is the way to go! It was innovative and eye opening for a first timer like me.
Great Learning week ! Great Platform to start with and develop apps independently as developer to solve challenges and focus on innovation not infrastructure, Google will take care of scale.#Kudos #GCP #Cloud #Google #Developer #Certificate
Really good for beginner/intermediate engineering who are getting started with GCP. The videos are well structured and clear. And it makes more sense to do the Qwick Labs along with the lectures rather than doing alone. Highly recommended.
I am actually a beginner and I actually felt the course was a little higher in level for a beginner but the video lectures and the assignments are very helpful for an easy understanding and this was an amazing experience for me, Thank you
This course offers kind explanation and videos. Especially, videos with the (practice) lab is easy to follow. Thanks to offer like this course! After studying, I got a good impression on Coursera. So, I will continue studying at Coursera.
A lot of information and a very good introduction. Some questions in tests might be better formulated. Even if I already know and use some parts GCP in my work I can recommend the course as it contains a wide picture of Google. Thank you.
This course is fantastic but very taxing. I really enjoyed it. I have a better perspective of Cloud as a topic and the power it hold. what was very interesting was the many benefits for hosting and working in the cloud. Well done Google.
great course i have never seen such a kind of course never in my life but had an great experience after completing this course special thanks to google for providing such a good course and here i got a chance to operate the google cloud
"Thank You Very Much for an interactive, well-built learning platform providing an overview of Google Cloud Platform and its features. It is a Great Learning Experience and provides scope for further learning and explore the Knowledge."
It was truly helpful for understanding all the different aspects of GCP and all concepts were very interesting to learn and also have hands on in lab session. A worth course to do.Understanding the future of cloud technology Kubernetes
The core concepts have been covered very well and the labs are pretty good for anyone to have a grasp of these concepts,the instructors are very knowledgeable and engaging,only I wish that the course should have an IAM section as well.
This course provides an overview of all GCP services and when to use them, with nice interactive lab assignments. To suggest, there are some parts of the protocols are explained not enough, which left some knowledge gaps for the users.
Its a nice course, very well explaining the offerings in GCP and a brief overview on all the modules. I liked the practical use cases that different companies have implemented using GCP offerings and how they get benefited by the same.
This course is best introductory course for google cloud that I have come across. It introduced all components of google cloud is precise manner. The associated qwiklabs provided related good hands-on for concepts learned in lectures.
This course is designed in a way that a beginner can also start from scratch and understand what GCP fundamentals core infra is.Must say,  Google maintained its level throughout the training. Very well done training team.BIG THANK YOU
The course is designed so well that a novice in technology can understand about the cloud and its titbits very well. I realized that Google cloud is equipped so well that it can be deployed and managed virtually as and when i require.
This course gives us a great way to understand the basic structure of GCP and a reduced view of how GCP works. The qwiklabs are very powerful tools to go deeper in the studies and learn what the instructors explain during the classes.
I like to thanks first commonwealth of learning team to arrange this opportunity for students.This is perfect course, Excellent Guidance with clear steps. If you think Can you get some knowledge with this , I recommend. Thank You.. !
This course gave me an insight to the working of the Google Cloud Platform fundamentals and it's architecture. I also understood how google provides services through it's cloud and keeps data secure. It's a great start for beginners.
The course had a lot of useful content and was easy to understand thanks to the way the course was designed and the instructors for making me feel it that way. The labs were also really easy with detailed instructions and guidelines.
It was an great experience with the course . It explored lot of new stuff especially k8's and Database which i had not used till now . At last need to say .Thanks a lot to Coursera and the lecturer for providing the such exploration
Learned a lot and qwiklabs session on GCP was amazing specially doing all the stuff deploying pods doing sql queires on BigQuery using BG setting up cloud instances everything please include more lab session i just love the CLOUD
Far and away one of the most comprehensive fundamental courses I have taken. I would probably have broken it into a few different courses, but overall I learned a great deal and the materials / presentation / labs were wonderful!
I say a big thanks to Coursera and Google Cloud, for the great opportunity really appreciate, and well to my wonderfull instuctors who took the course well done Sir's/Ma that was a wonderfull one, i wanna be like you guys. Thanks
The video lectures and hands on were excellent.I encountered an error in quick lab related exercise on storage regarding setting project id.But quick lab representatives helped in solving that.Hope it will be updated in tutorial.
Excellent course for beginners.. The instructors taught the GCP fundamental concepts in a much simpler and easy to understand manner.. Each chapter was organized in short and succinct manner for easy understanding.. Thanks a lot.
An excellent course to understand the fundamental building blocks of Google Cloud Platform - from Servers to Networking to more advanced services like Big Data and Machine Learning. Good presentation  and well organized content.
I liked this course! It was easy to understand, videos were not big so the information was easy to remember. It also was some practice that allowed trying GCP services in real environment, that is a key of such kind of training.
It is very handy to get to know the basis of the google cloud platform, taking this course allow me to get an overview of the entire capacity of google cloud to give companies a very powerful tool to solve problems in the cloud.
Excellent Introductory course. Thanks you - all the instructors for your explanation and great notes. I am new to cloud computing and software engineering. This course definitely motivates to study other GCP courses. THANK YOU!
It was great to learn Google Cloud Platform Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure it gave me great idea to learn more about google cloud. this course is the best course to learn of google cloud.I got new ideas through this course.
The course provides a really great look overview about the core of GCP resources. The labs shows a little bit how the things works. The instructors are very clear on their explanations. It's a great course. I really recommend.
Only the Lab "Developing Deploying and Monitoring in the Cloud" deviated significantly from the video tutorial and the online instructions which caused confusion and a retry of the lab (i.e. generating more cost to Coursera).
Great overview! Easy to follow and very clear and precise instructors. Since this is a first course of many until you actually get to the actual certification. It's a really good start and preparation for the upcoming stuff.
Google Cloud Platform Fundamentals Core Infrastructure  give you a basic understanding of GCP platform, the materials are good and codelabs exercises are well designed to understand the services. I full recommend this course
its alot of info on GCP, but its compressed and gives you a good understanding of what its about and how it works.  if your technical - you wont have an issue comprehending the info. it includes labs as well.  i recommend it
some part of qwiklabs needed to be updated. Videos of certain GCP services needs to be update, well outdated as some where in beta at time of video and now are GA. Overall, everything you need to know about getting started.
Although the training material is excellent, I sometimes had an issue concluding the correct answer out of the presented videos. Some online searching for further details around the topic of a question was sometimes needed.
GREAT course that covers all the basic topics about the Google Cloud Platform.  The exercises are on point and error-free.   This course is a MUST for sys admins, DevOps and anyone interested in amazing cloud technologies.
Very useful and well-documented course to provide basic understanding of Google Cloud Services and cloud computing in general. The lab sessions are extremely well designed and provide better understanding of the concepts.
Oh, man that was challenging and rewarding at the same time I cannot wait to apply my skills to the real world. I really enjoyed the learning content and I went at my own pace which is the best. Would not change a thing.
Very good introduction of Google Cloud Platform. Using this course, I could understand a complete overview of the main services provide by Google and different use cases to adopt each service. Thanks Coursera and Google.
The was a very brief, course outlining the basic concepts, terms and services avaliable in GCD. With my background I was able to follow, understand and relate it to my current understanding of AWS and VMware Technologies
The content was amazing and I really learnt a lot. A few of the graded activities need a little update w.r.t the new configs that might prove to be a problem for beginners like me. But overall the experience was great.
probably the best place to get started on cloud computing. The course is to the point . I learned a lot considering the amount of time i invested. Thanks to all the people who put  their efforts on creating this course
Introduction to all the entities in the GCP is perfectly explained in the videos and hand-on experience with labs. Recommended for people who are starting to pursue a career in GCP and has no prior knowledge about it .
It was amazing experience learning course from Coursera. It has a lots of demonstration labs and the best quality of quizzes. I will look forward to learn more from coursera. Thank you Coursera, Thank you Google India.
This is simply a wonderful course to get acquainted about the fundamentals of GCP , not just for IT professionals but for anyone who wants to understands the basics of cloud and how Google has organised cloud offering
I learn about Google Cloud Patform with kubernete, cluster, pods, cloud router, app engine, big query, etc.The experience was so good that I can't explain, and the QwikLab was also good.Thank for offering nice course.
Decent little course / module. Allows you to go over a number of different products very lightly. I believe this would be perfect for people who've never used GCP before but would like to know what products they have.
Very precise and content oriented course. You do not need to be a Technical geek to understand this course. Very well planned and executed. Recommend to all levels of experienced people. Thanks to Google and Coursera!
Coming from an AWS backround, this was just what I needed to get my feet wet and get up to speed on GCP. I am looking forward to the rest of the courses that cover it more in-depth. Great labs and good quality videos.
Great overview of the services of GCP! I wish there were more real-world examples that show integrations between services, some use case demonstrations and not just show what they do. But still, great course overall!
I really liked the content of the course. Before taking this course i had no knowledge of how cloud works. If there would be more labs than quizzes it would be great to cover more concepts. Thank you for such course.
Very complete course to introduce the main Google Cloud services that has helped me to know and deepen important aspects about them. Very well written and explained. Great follow-up with questionnaires and practices.
The fastest way to get a hang of what is GCP is and their offerings. Liked the pace at which the trainers reads the content of the different topics. Kudos to Brian Rice for making practical exercises - a concise one.
Great hand-ons opportunity on GCP with enough time to explore around the platform after completing a given exercise. Note some service on GCP seems to struggle with non Google Chrome browsers notably GCP Stackdriver.
Great introduction into Google Cloud Platform. An inviting introduction into the key services offered, great examples of the use cases for each, and the fundamental differences between the services and capabilities.
Instructors covered the right amount of details to get a good grasp of the fundamentals. The hands on labs were easy to follow and I appreciate the team for making it effortless for the students to try out the labs.
The best course for getting hands-on GCP, hands-on labs gives a real exp to the students. students who are majors in cloud computing I advise enrolling this course. special thanks for the instructors and moderators
The best course to start things with, It doesn't only help me achieve extra skills but surely will make my resume and my skills than my peers. I would love to complete other courses too. Thanks Google and Coursera.
Leaps and bounds better than the previous iteration of the same course. qwiki is the killer feature which exemplifies the advantages of cloud learnt in this course - abstract away unnecessary housekeeping work :).
I love the content. I love how the Google instructors from the videos talk with passion and pride about the Google Services. I really enjoyed the course. I got to know some of what I want to learn about Goooogle.
content and its delivery was excellent and precise; the good part was the scenarios and the use cases were also explained; the module on kubernetes was fast imo;  a little fast pace for a week. overall excellent.
Thanks for this amazing course. It was very informative for a beginner like me, learned the basics of google cloud infrastructure. Also thanks to the teachers for explaining everything from basic theory to labs.
This week 1 course gives a walk through of the functions GCP provides. Besides, this course also gives a hands on experience with some of the GCP features.Recommend for everyone who is interested in Cloud Tech.
Well curated content to clear the basics of cloud offerings and services available in GCP. Well designed lab sessions as well to provide good hands-on for utilizing various services and implement applications.
-indepth details about google's core services - This drilled down not just into the services but why you use particulars services in particular use cases.  The required labs made it hands on fun and engaging.
Challenging for myself at times, since I am not a developer and more of a project manager.  I found this rewarding to me, revisiting skills I had not used in awhile and also learning new ones for the future.
This course was very inclusive of all of the parts of the Google Cloud Platform. it made sure to give the right amount of attention to all of the areas that are needed for software and application developers
Excellent course material. I loved it learning by watching videos, reading content pdf files and I can repetitively watch the content if i have any doubts in some topics. Good work and thanks for great help.
It's a good course to introduce in GPF. If I have to say something to fix is that some screens have changed a lot compared to those in the tutorial, and sometimes is difficult to locate the options refered.
This course gives the best real-life knowledge of GCP. It gives us the idea how to study and understand the concepts of GCP and also makes us feel like we can make our future in the area of cloud computing.
A great course covering all the GCP fundamentals. A great starter for someone looking out to start their journey in GCP and aim to achieve GCP Professional Cloud Architect certification. Highly recommended.
Excellent a must have in order to deep dive into what GCP can offer, even if you are just learning for more advanced different areas this gives you a great overview of all possibilities you can get from GCP
I found this extremely helpful in understanding what Google has to offer, even after taking this last year there is so much new content to update me.. I am excited to continue with the rest of this course.
The course was really informative for the most part. It covered all the fundamentals really well and in great depth. However, I felt that some of them could have had more breadth covered along with depth.
The course has questions that seemed to test my knowledge of course material. Although there is a lot of material to be covered, I hope that this course prepares me sufficiently for the GCP certification.
I wanted an overview of the cloud services offered by Google and this course offered just that. I now understand the different platforms offered by Google and the advantages and disadvantages of each one.
Thanks to Coursera and Google for having presented this wonderful course to get started on the Google Cloud Platform. The course was quite complete and covered most of the important offerings of the GCP.
This course was concise and covered the basics of GCP and Kubernetes which I was interested in getting a start in. It was easy to follow and made learning this stuff very pleasant. I highly recommend it.
I really got a lot out of this course format and looking forward to completing the Architecting in GCP as soon as I am enrolled.  This is great and want to create a Kubernetes cluster right now!! Thanks!
The updates have made this course much better. The added sections on Pub/Sub, Kubernetes, and Functions have vastly improved the utility of this part of the Architecting with Google Cloud Platform cert.
Great introduction to Google Cloud, it's quite a lot of data to absorb- but the online instructions are effective and explain in real-world terms, the application of the technology in real environments.
this is one of the best course for newly student who want to learn about cloud computing and if they have interest this course will definitely help them in reaching their goal of server-info tech world.
It is an awesome course that let's you understand all (almost all) features of GCP. That was awesome to me as a software engineer to know better how the infrastructure can be configurable/developed.
Thanks to Google for enhancing the skills of all those who are passionate about technology. A brilliant course to boost your skills into various aspects of application journey into the cloud world.
Great time to learn various useful services and resources provided by Coursera. Well Structured with Hands-On Environments. Thanks to Google and Coursera for providing this kind of valuable course.
Subject matter is well defined and explained.  Good use of listing practical examples and applications.  Format was very well thought out and structured with each section lending well to the next.
twice had a problem with the labs....it seems so some reason GCP had different steps.......maybe had been updated............................Solid course.....Thank you SincerelyCesar A. Paredes Jr
It is neatly designed course which introduce various google infrastructure component one by one to build the base and it has interactive lab session which allow student to explore to full extent.
course is great. But it will be appreciated if assignments are much more difficult and include more number of lab demonstrations. Instructor Brian Rice and camboa are good at teaching this course
Great course. Gave a holistic picture of GCP!!  Really interesting course . I really enjoyed the course coverage, demo and Lab sessions. I am very confident to continue further research in GCP !!
Great Course!The Monitoring Lab has an issue with the SED command not editing the yaml file with the zone and lab ID; hence the lab fails. Had to edit the file with VI to edit it to pass the lab
Really nice overview about GCP, it encourage me to learn more about it. GCP looks really user friendly and for sure I'll start soon to look forward to deploy application there. Thanks great job!
Good course, some of the hands-on exercises' interfaces and demos are and/are not to update. Overall, I did learn a lot and technical support was quick to respond to my emails about my concerns.
Great introduction to Google Cloud Platform. Lab set-up is very convenient. No need to manage keys locally to SSH into linux VMs like on some other training platforms. The QwikLab tool is great.
I'm already using some products of the Google Cloud Platform and this course has helped me to have a complete overview and a better understanding of the several Google Cloud Platform offerings.
very well structured and lab assignment reinforces what you have learned. Advice is to perform lab before quiz as it clears your understanding further and increases your chance to score better.
It has been a great learning, most powerful way to mix up the lectures, real scenario and practical environment using the Qwiklabs. Thank you so much Coursera for offering such a great course.
course was well structured. i am very much confident that i can do the cloud setup in Google Cloud. i impressed with this learning method with hands on experience is awesome.  thank u coursera
This course is a great starting point for beginners in the cloud world. It attempts to summarize numerous offering that google has (there are just too many). Overall great introductory course.
Excellent course . I was a newbie in regards to GCP, working in the cloud in general . I have learned a lot useful contents. I highly recommend this specialization course. Thank You very much!
Very effective materials to get a brief idea of the core infrastructure of Google Cloud Platform. The lab sessions can let me gain some practical experience which help a lot for understanding.
Thank you for the all the persons who contributed to this learning,This is the first time, i am taking a detailed course like this, and this course has explained Google Cloud in a simple way.
It is amazing experience of learning GCP Fundamentals Both course instructor are very good explaining small facts and use cases. Thank you Google and coursera to proving this wonderful course
Almost exhaustible amount of information regarding Google's technologies! Some part of it might seem uninteresting, depending on your aim for doing this course. But definitely an amazing one!
Great experience, video lectures, materials, labs, quizzes all were exceptional. Loved the overall flow and format. Want to maintain momentum and complete the remaining courses from the pack.
Labs work perfect. My first training in a long time where the content and hands on lab are perfectly knit together and GCP environment are stellar!!! Google is changing the world everyday!!!!
It's an easy course yet really fundamental used to understand the underlying service of GCPThis course provided with hands on lab with Qwiklabs which is easy to operate yet really insightful
It was a great course, but I think some explanations of how to use some tools were lacking, but in general terms it was good, and I am very happy to finish it, Thank you COURSERA and GOOGLE
This course provides very good understanding of the cloud core concepts. Enjoyed  the learning through out specially during the practicals which really helps to make concepts crystal clear.
It is an amazing course to learn basic Concepts of all GCP has to offer. People should know that this course is almost 100% theory and don't expect to learn how to deploy their application,
Except for a glitch on 2 labs that either fix themselves over time or that I found a way around, everything was as expected. Great introduction to GCP. Course is well made and interesting.
It was great learning about the core infrastructure. The videos were super helpful, as well as the content. The labs were so great and interactive, I actually learned many of the commands.
it's my first experience with both Google Cloud Platform & Coursera and it's simply awesome to spend some time upskill myself. Thanks to both Google & Coursera to give me this opportunity.
First of all thank you so much , this GCP Course is  a great course i have learned lot of new concept and technology like as GCP, big table, big query, cloud storage, etc, Excellent Course
Very comprehensive and hands-on coverage of Google Cloud Platform while providing an high-level experience of all the valuable components via GCP, Qwiklabs and Coursera skill suggestions.
I really enjoyed this detailed introduction to cloud computing. Hatsoff to instructors for explainingevery topic without creating any chaos. Looking forward to explore more on this track.
Excellent introductory course to GCP. Don't miss this. Highly recommend certifications since GCP is going to be the market leader in enterprise cloud in the near future. Thank you Google!
First experience of Coursera. Really good. Had a blip at one point, Coursera support personal were onhand quickly, very friendly, and really wanted to resolve the problem. I'm very happy.
very interesting, even though i have gone through many thing..hehehe I just want to said that the support of Qwiklabs is so supportive and very fast response and i give 1million starssss
The course was very intuitive and engaging. I liked the way hands-on training's were placed so as we get working knowledge of the information we have learnt during that particular topic.
IT was a good course which give good basics and standard knowledge on g-cloud platform,I also strongly recommend other to take part in this course and increase your knowledge and skills.
Instructors are excellent , quite understanding and easy to learn with awesome teachers. Thanks to google for providing this course. I am loving google cloud and want to go learn deeper.
This course gives you a general but well managed introduction to all the fundamentals needed to get a grasp of GCP. I loved it, especially learning more about Kubernetes. 100% worth it.
i enjoyed it. very high level glance. Some of the questions i would never be able to answer without time and documentation. So it was a little tough at the last quiz. Still nailed it :)
This course is useful for those who wish to learn & explore google cloud platform.  I definitely recommend this course everyone who is willing to get started with Google cloud platform.
Thank you very much! this is an awesome course and I was learned a lot of things about GCP. Special Thanks goes to University of Sri Jayewardenepura, Sri Lanka, Coursera, Google Cloud.
This is my first certification from Coursera , Thank you for helping me for getting this certification. This certificaation will help me give good understanding about GCP fundamentals.
Excellent course to go through to understand how google platform is working and what are the options and services there to serve your respective applications/business need efficiently.
Great course with in very interactive hands-on guides. The questions in the quiz are well thought to make students learn by heart. I'll moving forward with more advance GCP course now.
Fantastic introduction to GCP and cloud world. Topics are covered very well and right to the point. The quicklabs access is a great form to have real interaction with the GCP services.
I'm really happy to complete my course in coursera and i received certificate too. My journey are too good course was also clear all the crystal knowledge.Thank you Google & Coursera.
Good course, does covers topics for Google Cloud, terminology, and gives examples of to use this.  The labs are very useful and give you first idea how everything works at high level.
Great overall picture of GCP infrastructure and services. The labs give the student a good amount of experience across the main ways to access and great resources (UI and cloud shell)
Excellent course material and guidance .Carefully created questions in quiz ..This is really amazing walkthrough of GCP product .Excited to follow the architect path in this series :)
I really enjoyed the way this course is organized. The information is clear, but not updated: some labs were a bit harder because the console looks different now, but its manageable.
One of the best course by Coursera for GCP Fundamentals : Core Infrastructure. The qwiklabs allows you to practice on the labs easily. The videos are short and crisp. Amazing course.
Excellent course, great concise videos, and the lab exercises are  designed very easy way to do.Thanks a lot to the Google Team, and really appreciated for providing a great course.
This course will give some high-level knowledge of some parts of GCP. This knowledge is nothing without a practice. And there very little practice here - everything is done for you.
Overall, it's a great introduction to GCP! Although some contents is outdated as GCP UI is updated frequently, the combination of lectures + labs made it much easier to understand.
This course is a great start if you don't know anything about google cloud. Be assured that you are aware with the concepts like VMs, VPCs, Storage, Compute, Servers, Clusters etc.
Best Course For Hands-on experiencing of Cloud Computing. Superb Hats Off to the course. I have worked on Salesforce Cloud Computing but its tedious and less interactive than this.
Fundamentals are very clearly articulated and Demo's are 100% helpful to understand the course great in depth. Overall it has given me a solid knowledge on GCP core infrastructure.
A very good introduction to Google Cloud Platform with a well structured course. After finishing the course you will want to start playing with Google Cloud Platform immediately.
Pretty neat introduction. Could use a little less Google brain-washing (we get it!), but overall a very nice way to get into GCP without being overwhelmed with the many services.
This was a very enjoyable experience. I recently tried going back to community college and the environment was not one that made it easy to learn at the fast pace that I like to.
This is a very comprehensive and essential initialization course for anyone who want to make it good on Google whether as a Data Engineer or as an Architect. Highly recommended.
A five-star rating for this course, quite explanatory with a deep understanding and breaking down of cloud components. Big ups to the team. Thank you for such an amazing course.
Good course, a lot of small details to write an remember. Not everything was totally up to date with the GCP interface but, it is understood and easy to work and find out alone.
Best coarse to understand GCP Fundamentals on Core Infrastructure. Its give very good insight on services offered by Google which you can use and save cost for you organization.
Definitely a great intro into learning about Google CLoud Platform (GCP) fundamentals. I recommend anyone who has no experience using GCP and wants to learn to take this course.
This was my first experience with cloud technology and I am glad that I started with google cloud. This course help me to build my basic fundamentals about the cloud. Thank you
Very good video explanation. still need to update the video, because there is already much difference in GCP service that isn't beta anymore or already have another new service
Exceptionally good course. Clearly explains the fundamentals and keeps track of our knowledge time to time from the assessments. It was a very nice experience doing the course.
wonderfully presented but i faced some issues during the app engine lab sessions,the directories presented did not exist henceforth i was not able to properly complete the lab
A great journey for those new to cloud, or with minimal exposure. This course help solidify the foundation I had plus now gives me extra knowledge to prepare for the GCP exam.
It is fantastic course which give a clear an basic overview.Most thing which I like for this course is that it gives us a sandbox environment to test different google services
Pretty good course to learn GCP fundamentals and capabilities. I wish there were more labs to really touch every described service, especially various persistence solutions...
One of the best e-learning courses I have completed. The labs were structured and professional, quizzes were relevant to the learning objectives and the syllabus was on point.
THE best course I have ever attended in terms of material and self paced structure complimenting each other perfectly. Cant ask for more honestly. Thanks Google and Coursera!!
Helpful course to get overview. The demo are helpful. If you have prior exposure to any other clouds, then it is easy to relate to the ideas here since the worlds are similar.
Great course! I have learned a lot from this course, how GCP works and its architecture as well as it requires some dedication and I would like to thanks Coursera and Google.
Best oveview about Google Cloud Platform Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure,  I learned many thing about concepts and terminology for working with Google Cloud Platform (GCP)
It's a very helpful course .Got to know about many important things of GCP and the topics are well explained. Thanks a lot to the experts of google for this amazing course.
A in depth structured course for learning gcp's fundamentals and its services and data management to start with cloud platform as developer. Personally i loved this course.
Course was really structured nice and description of each and every term was really well. All concepts explained very well with practical. Thank you for such great content.
I really enjoyed this course. By doing this course i got lot many new things to learn. And i'am sure that this certificate will be beneficial for my carrier point of view.
No words can describe this great coursecourse is delivered in a professional / easy way , It expanded my knowledge to clouding .Thank you very much for this awesome course
I really liked the course, I learned a lot and I am very motivated to continue learning with you. Learning is very dynamic with the implementation of the laboratories. :)
As this course is for beginners , i think there must be a little bit of more explanations as some keywords are really new and out of the box for  newly learning  peoples.
Great content. Bit outdated in some areas I think but great overall to get a solid understanding of the basics of GCP to get started. Thank you for putting this together.
it is a very good course....it has helped me to understand basic and fairly advanced concepts about gcp. i am looking forward to learn more and complete the whole course.
good course, not validating me as a user and I am a premier partner, I work at Rackspace.  Can someone please help and send me my certification to mike.camp@rackspace.com
This course is great for getting basic ideas about Google Cloud Platform. A hands-on lab in this course, let us get familiar with Google Cloud Dashboard and it features.
A good course to understand the fundamentals. With the help of hands-on, it is now easy to navigate through the various features. Thanks to the well-structured training.
This course took me from basics of the Google Cloud and helped me understand the working of it. I appreciate the clear explanation of the concepts by the trainer. Kudos!
Great course to learn about all the offerings of Google Cloud Platform. They cover almost all except networking. But I guess those are addressed later in specialisation.
This has been an eye opening course into cloud computing particularly that of Google platform. All the presenters are highly experience and I enjoyed learning from them.
I feel this is the best introductory course while it is actually in enough depth to understand core concepts and get basics clear for google cloud platform. Love this!!
am not expecting the course before starting but am get experience and skill , also devoted chat descussion , i will revice specially the lab sesioss . than you Coursera
Great course structure. easy explanation of everything.Easy to use labs provided by google.Customer care support is also available and reverting time is also very good.
This is a great course. It walks you through all the different components of Google Cloud and provides labs with hands on experience that you can apply to your project.
The course was comprehensive in understanding basics of Cloud and practical lab sessions of GCP were very useful. Now i am more confident of Cloud platform fundamentals
Great Course about the Amazing technology which can provide a lot more to this world IT and even contribute in greater way of our Living and Managing with IT Solutions
Short and concise. The documentation can be improved and be present online if not already there.The practical labs were helpful and getting used to the cloud platform.
Course contents and Lab Practice is very useful.The way this course till certification is designed  is exciting every moment.Thank you for designing such great course.
Its one the best courses for someone who has no clue on cloud platform but has some IT work experience as the course content is at a basic level and easy to understand
Great intro to all the GCP services. Simple and quick quiz's and hands on labs makes it easy to get your hand on with the code on the real GCP servers.. Well designed.
Short lectures with lots of quizzes and hands-on labs are great. The content is shallow and broad, but this course is explicit about covering more breadth than depth.
It was a wonderful course and it was very great to know that google provides so many services.The course is very interesting and it made me fall in love with GOOGLE.
Overall great experience and understanding was provided by the folks. Due to the newer version, there were differences at several places, but that is understandable.
This Course Is really help me to understand core infra of Google Cloud, Thanks to  Course (Google cloud) and Qwiklabs team for helping me through this entire journey
course content and narration is very good with clear explaination.   Lab experience very good.  Provides  feeling like doing it ourselves, which provides confidence.
Overall a very nice course to provide an insight into the fundamental services and resources provided on the Google Cloud Platform and how to get started using them.
This course was verry good arrenged with good information but i have comment on practical session, the trained envoronment nis different wiith thar of real practice.
I really enjoyed taking this training and learning about the capabilities of GCP. I will continue learning on Coursera. I enjoyed the lectures from both instructors.
I've already worked in GCP on certain products, so this course helped me understand the missing information which I didn't really learn or know when I did on my own.
easy to understand the GPC structure, and the labs are showing the use of all tools availaible in the GPC.Recommended for all to want know more about Cloud Computing
It was a great leaning with such a great specialized and well trained team of Google. You will get very important insights that Google has created. Very Insightful.
A very good introduction to GCP services, but you need to take the relevant specialization for an in-depth study of the GCP's domains (ML, Cloud Architecture, etc.)
Excellent overview and content, allow me to gain concepts and understand services purpose, use and relation across other GCP services. Tutorials were also accurate.
I love the labs.  This course is actually helpful building muscle memory instead of only watching videos (although it is still video heavy because it is coursera).
Excellent faculties and informative course contents. Enjoyed each and every session.Thank you very much. I Appreciate the way you people have designed this course.
Outstanding course for the beginners. I was full void of GCP and fortunate to get this course as a head start. Sincere thanks to the trainers and content creators.
The course is small to the point content and the labs are awesome to give the hands-on experience and grading and quiz to consolidate the learning is very helpful.
The course increased my cloud/gcp knowledge tremendously. I nowfeel comfortable having conversations regarding GCP cloud infrastructure(s) and service offerings.
Amazing and very interesting course, I enjoyed and learn lot of new things after this course. Very good and labs and quizzes that are very effective in learning.
This course is very helpful for those who wants to understand the compute engine, Kubernete engine, Big query and many more fundamental products of google cloud.
the course is well enough to  teach us the fundamentals of cloud , and the core knowledge given in this course is well estabilshed ... with the command and cloud
Fantastic Introduction into entire Google Cloud features with a detailed hands-on lab for setting up and running each product within Google Cloud Infrastructure.
This course is very useful. I learned many useful things and I would like to offer to my customer Google Cloud Platform as an alternative Cloud for his business.
Its more intresting. And i enjoyed. I know more about google cloud and its infrastructure. Thanks to my lectures to share their informations about google cloud.
It covers the overall fundamentals of cloud computing in GCP. After this module you have a clear cut vision about which particular way you want to explore next.
Great learning experience on GCP Core Infrastructure Foundation Blocks! Will further my learning into next areas to soon become GCP Cloud Architect. Thank you !
Great course to get introduced to the varieties of services provided by Google Cloud. Main point: customers' experience is kept in mind in each service offering
The course was everything you said it would be, fun but a lot of work. And it was! I enjoyed the web-labs because they were a lot of fun and easy to understand.
Love the hands on exercises and very clear teaching instructions. Teachers spoke clearly and explained concepts in a way that is approachable. Highly recommend!
Great introduction to Google Cloud Platform. Covers the basics of the products and also provides hands on labs to try out the various technologies. Recommended.
Thanks for Google Cloud on Board in Bangkok on Jan 30, 2018. Instructor led in the workshop gave lot of information and benefit more information to this course.
Good coverage on infrastructure building blocks, presented very well and provided clear practical usage with hands-on. Very user friendly and easy to navigate.
It really helped me grasp the content well and I could keep up with the info provided. The labs provided a really good hands-on experience on working with GCP.
This course is just awesome. All the instructors were too good at their piece. Course contains good and accurate content targeting to users who are new to GCP.
good introduction. need to update a few details in the labs, but if you're creative and determined you can figure out what's outdated and how to get around it.
Nice course. and Well explained for fundamentals. Videos are very helpful to actually understand. Labs are well recorded to understand step by step. Thank you.
I very happy with  this course  . I learnt many new things about google cloud and about different services which google cloud offers which was unknown to me .
in our world lots of oppurtunities are there but can't find the right one this is the platform to improve your skills and develop something you has to be done
Great Course to start with GCP. Wonderful experience of learning thru labs. and Great support thru chat services to fix the issues on the spot!!Thanks a lot!!
Course was very well organized with time to time short quiz. Lab environment provided for hands-on is also very useful and well thought.Thanks for the course.
Broad overview of Google Cloud Platform offerings. Useful if you have experience with other cloud providers, but have not used Google's cloud products before.
i now have a very clear picture of the google cloud services and how helpful they can be to me, i also know which one to choose as per my application's needs
This course is excellent. Best course for those who want to learn Google Cloud Platform.Nice content.. Excellent hands on experience... Thank you coursera...
Awesome course material, includes all the core fundamental infrastructure principles and hands-on lab. Thank you for composing great funda in simple fashion.
Very informative and beautiful course. Could have been more better and informative if you would have told that how the GCP is created in back-end by Google.
The course was apt for understanding the Google Cloud concepts, and functionality ,along with the core Infrastructure,Hand on labs were very useful as well.
This is such a beautiful and interesting and i did the labs with very enthusiasm. and i will reccomand this course to my beloved juniors and my colleagues.
Excellent course to start with on the Google cloud platform. This provided me the foundation to build on my skills in next up coming specialization course.
This is a great introductory course, although it needs a lot of deep dives within several subjects to get a better understanding of all of those.Great Job.
The course accurately set the fundamentals without getting too technical for someone like who has a a technical background but works at a managerial level.
excellent course. it gives a very good intro to google cloud platform. You will be familiar with what google provide in this area with a good hands on labs
Thanks to Coursera for online material and demonstrating of GCP Fundamentals : Core Infrastructure. I hope it can help me to learn more about GCP further.
Happy to learn GCP fundamentals from coursera and its a good course to start with and helps gradually building up the necessary skills in cloud computing.
A great introduction to multiple tools Google has available to make application development, deployment, and storage possible with ease interactive tools.
This is a very good introduction to Google Cloud Products, if you haven't tried them just take this course you will be very familiar with them at the end.
The learning was the excellent in the google cloud. The experience was nice learnt more about hoe the things run on cloud how the google cloud is useful.
The class is very exciting and making curiosity to study more about the cloud technology.Classes are simple and the tutors where finely taking the class.
It is the one of the best courses in cloud platform.In this course you will learn the create your own google platform which is useful in storing big data
Great introduction to GCP. Labs have useful links to documentation and blogs for further exploration. The quizes and labs could've been more challenging.
i have learn many things from this course about google cloud computing (GCP)and this the beginning course for my cloud engineering exam as associate ...
It' really nice for someone who wants to start their carrier on cloud technology. In this course the concepts are well explained and labs are also good.
the explanation is amazing and the course is easy to understand and it was an amazing journey and I have had an amazing experience learning this course.
It is a great course to learn almost all about Google Cloud Platform(GCP). It gives sections to practice which is a wonderful experience to work on GCP.
The course will help me in getting into the knowledge base of Google cloud platform. The course material are very helpful and easy to understand. Thanks
Google Cloud Platform Fundamentals - Core Infrastructure is a nice course to begin with Google Cloud. It gives basic understanding for all the modules.
it s nice course to understand the google cloud platform and it s essentials.It s very nice explanation by author and all topics are self explanatory.
It's a nice introduction for the Google Cloud Platform products, but might seems too slow for someone who already has experience with a few offerings.
It was a good option for me to have a first contact with Google Cloud Platform. I work on IT but I didn't used GCP before.Good explains and good labs!
This course is very much needed to build your fundamentals in cloud it explains all basics in details although the quizes are easy rest content is A+
Programme content gives good insight of the fundamentals for GCP. Video lecture is nicely paced so that audience can easily connect with the trainer.
Would be appreciated if more lab work was practically explained than theory work. Or an exclusive course of hands-on lab work for this theory course.
I learned so much about the cloud and GCP, and its services. The instructor also deliver the course with good pace and simple so it's easy to follow.
The learning material is so challenging for a beginner. It really helps me to understand more about google cloud platform fundamentals. Great course!
Its quite tough to complete in one week. I am trying this in one month. And also thanks to the quicklab instructors who help me lot to complete this.
This was quite an interesting and informative course with information varying from ML ,big data,containers and lots of stuff.Found it really helpful.
Some difficulties on the way but chat support is top notch. Well structured. The quizzes are very good for reinforcing the topics covered in videos.
Excellent introductory course for the Google Cloud Platform. It covers the basics and provides a base to pick and choose the path for your learning.
Very good foundation information, well presented.Labs were great - hope that there is an access mechanism after the course to keep the skills fresh.
Great course for beginners to Cloud but if you already have experience on any other  cloud  providers such as AWS then it becomes easier to compare
Excellent and Detailed Course Content that allows professionals like me to learn about all the services quickly and allowed on-hands with qwiklabs.
I think the volume of the videos is too low, so it is difficult to hear 
when you are in the public transport that is my main space to whatch 
them
The course is well design in which combine with not only video but the additional documentation and the lab. I have learned a lot from this course.
I thought that this course was excellent - sufficiently challenging and thorough in content and presentation. Very satisfied with the labs as well.
It was amazing course, got to learn a lot about Cloud Platforms and how GCP handles large amount of data at ease. I will surely recommend everyone.
This course is well organized and the explanation is very vast with the help of the practical lab you can have the real experience of GCP services.
Some of the tasks in Labs are misleading when it comes to regions/zones, if you need to choose places other when the US. But overall a good course.
Excellent overview of GCP services. I liked that I could read the transcript instead of watching the videos. It is easier for me to learn that way.
The course was a lot better than I expected. The presenter was great in his explanations. The materials and the labs are very helpful and detailed.
Good course in case you want to get short general overview of Google Cloud Platform, its services, possibilities and practice in some basic setups.
Great course on the basics of Google Cloud Platform. There are a lot of services provided by Google. Great instructors with hands on lab sessions.
This Course is very well drafted with good Video/Audio based explanations & hands on labs have given good knowledge & understanding of the topics.
Excellent course to understand the GCP core infrastructure with perfect labs to understand about each component of the google cloud infrastructure
The course is well organised .If the videos could have been a bit more explaining many options other than the required content it would be better.
GCP Core infrastructure course is very help full and usefull to get on with the basics of GCP cloud , to get the feel and hands on experience with
really quick and easy - short sharp learnings in bit size chunks.  A lot to remember, but gives me a good overall understanding of the eco system.
Very nice course to understand the Core GCP Services. Delivery can be further improved by not rushing through the improtant aspects of the service
Excellent! It helped me a lot to understand everything I needed to have a global scope of how Google Cloud services work and interact between them
It was very helpful and very useful to me ,to complete this course. i could learn about the wide range of services that GCP offer to the industry.
Excellent broad overview of GCP landscape with just the right amount of hand-on  and labs which did what they were supposed to.  A+, Google Cloud.
Great content, great quality, built-in labs are fantastic. Love that you can consume the content on various devices and can control speed, etc...
This course is robust to learn core Infrastructure in Google Cloud Platform..Thank you Coursera and Google..The labs and structure were all great
This is awesome course to learn the google cloud essentials, in a progressive way. I found most of the resources with hands on illustrations. :-)
Excellent....This course helped me to cover all the basic contents required for GCP Certification. Looking forward for the other lessons as well.
I am gotten some understanding of the GCP. Hopefully it would grow on me how to use the tools on the GCP to develop useful solutions to problems.
All course materials are designed so nicely and easy to understand. The 6 ⭐️ rate is it's lab session. The real GCP environment are really great.
Very good overview of all the features provided by the Google Cloud Platform. This course is a must to understand the basics of the architecture.
Very nice course introduction...definitely looking forward to the rest of it. Will we get the Solutions Architect path on Coursera at some point?
This course is a very fine way to start with GCP basics. This will provide a overview of all the features and functions within the GCP platform.
Great introduction to Google Cloud for beginners. There is a lot of content to cover, but they are easily digestible and easy to follow through.
Thank you google, I was looking for a platform who put psychological science to teach me online and i found this in Coursera and google trainers
This course really useful for everyone who want to know Google Cloud Platform from up to bottom. So they know which technology match their need.
Great course, the labs are very organized with new technologies and the instructor was didatic.My doubt around this technology was all answered.
it was great experience and good course with good lab and great tutors thank you for such nice and great course thank you coursera and google..
Labs are very clear and give the whole view of the essential functionalities. Great training that tries to introduce the google cloud platform.
Good Course. The only thing that it'll be better to make practical part a little bit harder, not just go through several already defined steps.
Good Course to take. provides comprehensive information about Cloud computing also provides very detailed information about core infrastructure
The course is really good. I got decent amount of knowledge and i am pretty confident that i would be able to deploy any application in future
This course allows me to have a basic understanding of GCP core infrastructure with hands-on lab exercises which re-enforced my understanding.
It was an amazing journey and I'd love to put this course to use as soon as possible. And looking forward to more certifications of this sort.
Very good, clear and concise course. There are some missing minor code, but overall really recommended. Clear enough to understand and direct.
Great course to GCP Fundamentals. Course content with download links for documents and online resources will help us learn more in the course.
I really like the way this course is designed and the explanation of every topic is very good. I also like the way quick lab session designed.
There are a lot of interesting things which revolves around IoT. GCP allows me to explore the overview of what System Infrastructure is about.
This is a very good for understanding fundamentals of Google Cloud platform with Hands on labs that make it super easier to learn everything.
Awesome course. Very good structure for all-levels of engineers. Congratulations to speakers and course trainers. You must absolutely attend!
It's good that some simple use cases are provided to choose the right compute/storage option. A simple decision tree will be helpful as well.
Great job with videos!Tutors where totally contagious!I would prefer labs and Quizzes to be more challenging, great job to all contributors!!
Wow that was fantastic journey of learning the Google Cloud Platform, thanks to the instructors that made it very clear and simple to master.
Great course to understand the nuts and bolts of GCP. It gives you enough hands-on exposure so that it hardens the knowledge from the lessons
Wonderful course. The course material and labs are crisp to the point. The organization of the course is well done with labs and assignments
Great course to introduce the specialization. It will be more helpful if additional documents material about libraries which are being used.
Great introductory course for beginners starting in Google Cloud Platform. Easy to understand instructions and hands-on lab is very helpful.
Very informative, expanded my vision of the Google Cloud far beyond my previous idea of just virtual machines running in some remote server.
This course was great, I already have IBM Cloud certification, with AWS & Azure knowledge also, this is getting me up to speed on GCP nicely
This was a very well organized course with excellent integration with QwikLabs.  I found this course to be very useful in my learning quest.
Great course, with comprehensible examples and generalized concepts (not always easy to digest) that kept me motivated to finish it. Thanks!
Excellent presentation and flow of content, love the smooth Labs as hands-on practice really enhances understanding of concepts. Thank you!
This course is very useful for beginners who can understand the concepts very easily.Course contains  very useful and descriptive lectures.
Course contents are very specific and well defined. The QuickLabs  Exercise in the end of each chapter is too good for lab practice. Thanks
Very well designed course to understand basis of Google Cloud Platform. Surely these training will help me to transform my career to D & A.
Awsome, easy to ingest learning content. Far better than any school I ever attended :-). I hope they replace schools with coursera one day.
This was a great course and I look forward to completing more such courses on Coursera. Great work by the Google Cloud team on this course.
I really liked this course, it gave me an eagle's eye view on the different Cloud Services that Google Provides, and what each is used for.
The course that are given satisfy my requirement to get basic understanding of GCP and act as fundamental to learn more about the platform
Some of the videos were outdated but the quicklabs instructions were spot on. Definitely learned more about GCP products from this course.
I think this course has prepared me to start using GCP in real world environments and I am anxious to learn more the use of this platform.
This was an awesome intro to GCP services. I work with GCP on a daily basis and a lot of things I learned here were new to me. Thank you!
Excellent videos, I am very impressive with high quality of exponents. Great idea on interactive labs is better option than peers review.
The courses is great, example is easy to understand and very useful to begin the introduction to the environment. Thanks GCP and Coursera
ITs best detailed GCP fundamental course.I was able to compare and get insights about GCP and able to relate with AWS. which was my goal.
I have learned a lot from this course and very enjoyed the course.I have learne a lot of stuff in Google Cloud PlatformThank you coursera
Great Course for beginners, who wants to get to know what cloud is and how is google putting its efforts to build a great cloud platform.
Since I'm worked in IT Infrastructure I can relate many things.. and also helped to understand cloud fundamentals for Core Infrastructure
For instant help or for some doubt .. where we need to chat or message or mail.. i did not get that part.Request you to please assist me.
A well done training material and very good introduction to the fundamentals of GCP. A good balance of presentation and hands-on sessions
Excellent Introduction to Google Cloud Platform. Very precise and consistent. The labs are a good point to understand how platform works.
Good starting point to get insight into GCP and its various offering. The video sessions and corresponding labs makes the learning easy.
It was a nice experience learning google cloud core infrastructure.  Cloud computing, Cloud storage, VPC, Big data and Machine learning.
The Labs and Quiz sections made the whole learning experience very engaging and worthwhile, it was really fun and a resourceful journey.
Very well explained.It was good experience to learn from this top experts. And it was fun learning while doing hands-on-lab assignments.
Very good. Only the different storage options and their pros and cons are kind of hard to remember if you not used all of them in a lab.
I liked the detailed introductions to each part of GCP. I like the module about kubernetes engine the most although it was not very long
it was really a great experience.i always curious about the services google provides via their cloud console now i know how they do...:)
Very useful for have a complete introduction to Google Cloud Platform infrastructure. Videos and labs are very clear and well explained.
This is a fantastic course! The tutors in the videos were very easy to understand and were going at a very nice pace. Truly recommended.
It has been very nice to participate in this course which is very well prepared, covering all the aspects regarding the course objective
Great overview of GCP. Not quite enough to go off to the races with, but enough to speak intelligently and know what the next paths are.
The course was very good in terms of explaining the concepts, the hands on lab was very helpfull to actually see the concepts in action
This is an awesome course. I knew some basic functions in GCP. But after completing this, now I feel I can move all my workload to GCP.
I would be awesome if I can get slide for references later. Thanks for amazing course, I really enjoy during learning GCP core services
This is wonderful starter pack lots of information in chunks. I really liked the course and the things that are explained. Cheers Team.
incredible course, learnt a lot of the fundamentals of gcp as intended. definitely recommended for beginners and the pace is fantastic.
All the main aspects of GCP resources and services has been described in a very neat way. A must have course for the aspiring students.
The information provided is good for an introduction, also you receive a lot of practices and test that helps to fortify the knowledge.
It was an excellent course along with quizzes and lab. i really got an insight into gcp. I will keep exploring other courses. thank you
its very helpful for learning Google Cloud Platform and beginners must go through the course at least once who are willing to learn GCP
Good GCP overview with interactive labs to start/stop basic services including storage, compute infrastructure and running big queries.
There could be a more elaborative discussion on Kubernetes and cloud storage type. The practice sessions were just great and efficient
The course give you a very concise high level overview and great hands on lab on google cloud services and products, it is just great!
Excellent material and great way of delivering the contents. The quiz sections are really interesting. Labs are simple and exhaustive.
Coursera provides good explanation and demonstration about GCP. It is more useful to understand the Ideas about Google Cloud Platform.
This course has a lot of important information about Google Cloud Platform. It is amaizing that you can try all of concepts and tools.
Good Content, learned different services available for varying workloads of any environment.Like to learn further and implement these.
It was an awesome experience. I gathered a lot of knowledge. With intuitive instructors, I am forever grateful with all what I learnt.
Great course.Not all of the videos are updated, for example, the video lesson about Big Query related to an older version of Big Query
It is very helpful. And, boosts knowledge in that part of tech industry that is in huge demand. I will prefer everyone to try this out
Course materials and trainers are great for learning the basics you need to get started with Google Cloud Platform. Congratulations!!!
Excellent overview of Google Cloud Platform, although I would have felt more comfortable if the course was ordered in a different way.
Great course for fundamentals of Google Cloud Platform.The lessons and the labs are very effective.You don't want to miss this course.
The course is too good. Along with theory the practicals also proves to be very useful for hands on practice on actual cloud platform
It was a good experience, but due to bad internet connection I had to download the videos and then gave all the exam in a single day!
Fantastic introduction to GCP. Would gladly recommend it for anyone who wants to get hands on and in depth, but at a easy going pace.
This course is really useful to have an overview of GCP platform, strongly recommended to build a strong cloud foundations knowledge.
Excelent introductory course, the free version content is ok for rockies like me. The explanations were very basic and comprehensive.
A very complete course, with lots of hands-on practises that make of it a very good option to learn about GCP. Strongly recommend it!
Very good overview about google cloud. Highly recommended if you want to get an idea or compare the services to other cloud provider.
Video explanations, Quiz and Lab everything is good to keep me on track in fully understanding of this course. keep it up and thanks
This is an excellent course.The lab demonstrations are so perfect. I really enjoyed it. Thanks a lot for making it so user friendly.
It was really fun learning labs of this course.The course content is superb. Basics of GCP core infrastructure services are covered.
I'm really thanking you with full hearts.  No words to explain how coursera courses helped me to learn and uplift myself in my life.
I loved the hands on labs section of the course. After completing my lab session it gave me more confidence on GOOGLE CLOUD PLATFORM
The course was well designed and the lab sessions were with zero error. The overall experience of attending the session was awesome.
Good overview for people to get familiar with the offerings of GCP and the choices for professionals handling large volumes of data.
Covers a lot of ground pretty effectively.  Don't expect a deep dive on any topic, but that's not really the goal for this training.
Great information, good hand on practice sessions. Highly recommended! It's better if it was a 2 weeks course rather than 1 though.
I learned a lot of things  Google Cloud Platform. it is my starter. I want to learn more about Google Cloud Platform and I love it.
It was amazing and nice experience to familiar with cloud computing. Learn lot of thing. kubernetes engine is very nice technology.
Now i could get a preliminary knowledge of Cloud components and services. THanks Google and coursera for providing this opportunity
I Really Like the content however may i request for the slow Qwik labs to enable us explore the interface of Google Cloud Platform!
Great basic introduction of GCP. Pretty impressed with labs as how seamless they worked and how much ground they were able to cover
A course to understand all product offerings of Google Cloud Platform. Labs were good and allows us to explore the cloud platform.
A very good introduction, that lets you get hands on and teaches you the important things you need to do to start you GCP journey
Really good course, I've been working on Google Cloud two years, but this time still make me very clear to know lots of concepts.
A great starting point to understanding cloud terminologies and what GCP offers and how to use the tools and service effectively.
Grate  experience of learning, new way of Lab practice. It would good to give LAB access complimentary for next couple of months.
Excellent Course, all well explained. but I recommend that you can make clear that people need to know the fundamentals of Linux
It is an exciting course with actually in depth explanation of the deferent modules, services and structure of the Google cloud.
It was amazing, I got to learn about the basics of services provided by GCP in addition to hands on labs which was very helpful.
This course really helped me to understand the Core Infrastructure of the Google Cloud Platform! I really recommend this course!
Greatly structured information, great content and a well desgined lab that really makes you understand the structure behind GCP.
Good course on Good Cloud Platform Fundamentals. Learned about the various services provided by Google under its cloud platform.
Thank you so much "coursera  Team" for giving such a great platform for students to add extra value input's on  there knowledge
I am Cloud certified so I am able to get the things. But it would be to difficult for any new person to learn from this course.
I am glad that successfully completed the course of GCP,I would love to do as many courses related to it in Coursera. Thankyou!
Really love this course. The best part is the hands-on learning. Highly recommended for anyone who wants to start off with GCP.
Really a great course to start getting used to the GCP environment and have a basic idea of what each Google service can offer.
A great course to learn and understand the basics of GCP. Very well designed labs to implement and practice your understanding.
Great introduction to the whole Google Cloud Platform and essential entry point before proceeding to any of the specializations
Very good course basic fundamental on GCP. It needs more time than stated to understand the concept but its really good course.
I have learned about GCP fundamental and infrastructure and also could able to relate it with AWS infrastructure and services.
This was an amazing course. It introduced all the areas in GCP. It covered quite a bit of theory and practical aspects aswell.
The Course was quite interactive and interesting. It's meant for everyone who wants to have foot print in Cloud technologies .
This course will provide you the total details of the topic very clearly.Each and every topic is explained in a proper manner.
I learned a lot through this content and the labs were interesting yet challenging enough. Looking forward to the next course.
Great overview on GCP Products and Capabilities, I learned a lot in a very short period. Straigh talk and direct to the point.
It was a very detailed and informative course, time well spent on this course. Hope the cerficate helps in my job selections.
GCP is a very powerful service for programmers. I'm focusing at communication systems, so I struggled a little with the labs.
Excellent content and well defined lab. (Though there is issue with Kubernetes, support team helped to understand it quickly)
Thankyou coursera for this course. I get some insights about gcp. looking forward with some more courses to get depth of GCP.
This was a fabulous course! I have learned so much about Google's colossal physical, global platform that hosts Google Cloud.
As a beginner starting was confusing and tough to understand but during the course of time ,I began to catch up with the flow
Nice learning experience! Systematic and well organized training delivery kept my mind in the training throughout the module!
Really great course, to starr with cloud computing .And really good for beginers to get hands on experiance on cloud and GCP.
Very useful information about google cloud fundamentals. Easily understandable. Videos added more value to the course content
The course was good and adequate. However, I thought that the concept of the services in the GCP could be made much simpler.
All Key Fundamentals For A Beginner is Here. If you are getting into a cloud-based platform this is the best place to start.
Covers the basics and gives some confidence with the console and cloud shell already, labs could be more challenging though.
Course is nicely design to give idea to newbies like me. easy to understand and well explained. practical labs are too good.
Simply Awesome !! The course does highlights core concepts and fundamentals an architect needs to know about google cloud !!
Great course and clear teaching instructions from the tutors.Thank you to the teams that put this valuable training together
Nice Course!! Explained well about all the compute and storage service of Google cloud along with the hands on lab sessions.
Perfect way to get to grips with what GCP has to offer. This course is a pre-requisite for any budding user of GCP services.
Very Informative for all Cloud Basis learners, gives simple description and learning on the Infrastructure and Architecture.
wonderful course covers lots of components of GCP and easiest and very well explanation coupled with easy hands on excecise.
I had a wonderful experience learning about GCP and its facilities. Thank you coursera and Google for this great knowledge.
Very Very awesome course.. Really learnt alot.. Thanks to the trainers I now know magic of GCP! eager about next classes :)
Very effective content delivery with relevant demonstrations. Very much satisfied with what I have learnt from this course.
This certification is well explained and lab is too perfect to have hands on experience in google cloud platform and tools.
Yeah it was good experience Learining About new Platform like GCP ,I really liked kubertes part and data storage techniques
It was an amazing experience to do the certification and to gain knowledge from the platform created by the course era team
Excellent course with hands on experiment. Thanks both Coursera and Google for giving me the chance to conduct this course.
Enough information to get started with GCP. You need Linux / Unix skills to understand some commands used in the code labs.
nice lab . i learn lot of things in this course . i am happy to say that his course feels me like i am working it company.
It's great experience and instructors are teaching with very clear slang (That can understandable by all countries people)
Awesome course to get you started on this platform,  except the Kubernetes section that felt like an information overload.
I learn the fundamental of GCP from this course.. hands on lab is awesome. module is good covering all fundamental of GCP.
Very nice overview of the GCP offerings. I am however looking forward to more into detail dev lessons. Thx for the course!
Mostly easy to do. I completed it in about 5 days with 1 hour dedicated to it each day. Good mix of concepts and hands on.
In overall I was very satisfied. It gave a lot of knowledge and a good overview about the topic in a small period of time.
I took a few courses of this kind but this one is the best if you've already got some production grade experience with GCP
Highly recommend for those who have keen interest on Cloud Computing and Google Cloud Platform with hands on experiences.
This course is very helpful for me I am with it but practical knowledge is more important in this course where I focused.
Great starter course.  It covers the right scope of data and is not too high-level or too deep.  The course does its job.
The right choice to dive into GCP. Not for absolute beginners but pretty straightforward informative easy to comprehend.
Great course, I learned lot of cloud computing related technologies in the course. Thank you for your valuable guidance.
I like simple progression -- there is a lot to learn in cloud -- This is the 1st bite into the world of knowledge Thanks
Very good course. Should have more content and quicklab exercises. And the contents should be spilt among multiple weeks
Really I felt a good experience while I was learning. I faced little difficulty in Lab. Later stages I understand and co
This course helps me a lot in dealing with cloud problems and especially knowledge toward all terms of basic information
An awesome course, give fundamental of all google cloud product and also the lab section was very effective to practice.
Google Cloud Platform Fundamentals:Core Infrastructure provide a clear vision on cloud and future IT infra requirements.
must have to learn the basics. very nice, easy to understand, balanced and with right timing of visual and text contents
Thank Google for making this awesome class. specially LAB exercise is one of the best i ever seen in any online course.
Very Easy explanation. Labs were so helpful to understand the concept. Some labs were challenging. Notes are very good.
The Explanations of every topic was very good and interactive and LAB was also very informative and easy to understand.
This course like awesome we learn so many new things. In my life ,i work on cloud and it like good. I love this course.
It is very good useful training  along with hand on also it will add and build confidence to continue other GCP courses
Very insightful, though containers concept was a little bit of hindrance watching the video again and again was helpful
Good high level overview. If you have little experience in the industry, you can binge finish the course on a Saturday.
Great introduction to the fundamental of GCP! Have learnt a lot and has made me excited to keep learning more about GCP
It was a great course which helped me learn basics of Google cloud services, the practicals were very good and focused.
Good view and understanding of the GCP. Now working on the next courses to understand better the Google cloud solution.
What i love most about this course is the hand on assignment as if i am in the real live environment. Thanks coursera!
Wonderful Course... Started from the base and Hands-on working was really nice experience, enjoyed a lot  technically.
it's really good experience working on hands-on-lab. best way to gain knowledge about GCP by practicing on those labs.
a good training material, would be great if you can update according current situation as i saw many update in the GCP
Teaching method is bit robotic instead of engaging. sometime best teachers engage poor students also in effective way.
straightforward and well scripted overview of GCP offerings, explained sufficiently for me to get a grasp on what's up
Excellent Course! The Hands-on labs were easy to follow at the same time provided great understanding of GCP services.
First of all thank you for conducting this platform course. It's really interesting to learn a lot about google cloud
Very good and informative course. Well paced and explains the basics very well with well timed quiz and lab sessions.
This Specialization improved my knowledge on GCP. Thank you very much for providing such amazing course work for  us.
Thank you!! This course is great and all the things are teaches by google expert I'm thankful that i did this course.
Whenever I go with GCP, everybody sends me to this course. I think it is the best starting point on GCP fundamentals.
An awesome course that is inspirational and interesting. I think the material is well produced and engaging. Thanks!!
Able to understand the basis of GCP after going through the GCP fundamental. Features are interesting and attractive.
For me it was like zero to hero feels in GCP Great learning Experience and instructor toothank you cousera and Google
This course provides very good understanding of Google Cloud Infrastructure with hands on experience thru Qwicklabs.
really enjoyed the lecture and help my knowledge exceed beyond and helped me in gdepth knowledge.It is very  helpful
An amazing walk through with the Best Instructor have been an exceptional learning experience. Thank you Google :-).
The Course is very detailed and easily understandable and remember. I recommend this course for any IT  professional
explanation are clear and to the point! plus you get smooth real world practical experience via qwiklabs. EXCELLENT!
Nice fundamentals on Google Cloud tools and principles. It is a nice intro to understand their concepts by examples.
Really good starting point.It speaks about all the main topics of GCP.Very basic labs but nice.I enjoyed this course
Excellent course to get familiar with the cloud wording which sometimes is a bit overhwelmign with so many acronyms.
Good overview and i liked the course with all the labs keep on with this and you'll help produce great minds. Thanks
It is a good course with huge and immense explanation given by our Great Teachers. Thanks for this precious course.
Please reduce the contents in Week 1 and move them to other weeks so there is consistent level of content to study.
It was nothing less than wonderful. I am really lucky to do this course. Thanks Coursera and Google for this course
thanks very good and highly organised course. all video tests and labs worked as expected and we're well specified.
super course, very good instructors, all materials were relevant and well structured. exercises were great too. 5/5
it was very great experience.and the lab work is very easy to understand.i like this course and i will recommend it
i'm sho happy to upgrading my knowledge by google training... so, thank you google !!!!! keep share your tech-know!
Very informative and easily explained. Helped me a lot in understanding when and for what to use which GCP service.
Its really good introduction about concepts terminology used in the GCP I really appreciated this courses to start.
Excellent blend of professional training and academic instruction. Learned both practical and conceptual knowledge.
Found this to be the best online training for GCP. Finally a technical training course for Engineers and not Sales.
Great introduction into Google Cloud Platform Core Services. AWS professional should easily understand this course.
In depth information about the Google Cloud Infrastructure. A lot can be learned via the references and cloud labs.
Great Course And also the teachers are very much friendly and the teaching language is also easy to understandable
Excellent course with easy to understand videos, complete explaination of complex concepts and graphical examples.
i like the course understood the concept i hope many more courses is been available and coursera is best plat form
This course is really helpful to me as a biginner, to know about Google Cloud Platform and its different features.
This is an amazing course. It helps me to overview of the Google Cloud Platform. Thanks for Google and Coursera!!!
A lot of lab excercises with a well-balanced difficulty and knowledge sharing. Thanks Google for this opportunity!
It was a good overview on all Google Platform services with Labs. I really liked it and learned the basic concepts
It was great experience to learn new cloud platform. Advanced technology basic idea like IoT and Machine learning.
Great material to know all the services provided by Google Cloud Platform and how to begin using cloud technology.
Course is designed in such a way that nobody gets bored. videos are short and simple..very informative Loved it :)
We need more time to build on what we have learnt in this course. We need more practice through project exercises.
Very well presented and the instructors are easy to understand and labs really help reenforce the content learned.
Detailed way to jumpstart on GCP Fundamentals. With codelab session where you can learn to configure GCP services.
i like this course it gave me the real view and hands on of google infrastructure and the labs were really helpful
It was great learning section that I had been attend in my career and for especially lab activities are too good.
The course is informative, engaging and insightful. A beautifully hands-on course-both personally and technically
Nice course gives complete overview of the GCP and its offerings along with Hand-On on each items, really helpful
Great overview course for Google Cloud Platform. Good introduction to the basic concepts and features of the GCP.
Excellent course on introductory learning of Google Cloud Service, and nice handson to give you flavour of those.
Course is good and enhance my knowledge , but few lab are not working as command not working as per instruction.
It's very good course for me that hasn't touch google cloud platform. I give very clear basic gcp product for me
A good introduction and heads up for GCP fundamentals. It is a well designed course with well defined structure.
That was a great experience to learn and consolidate consolidate the concepts that have been acquired over time
This is a really well laid out course.  Much better than what I used a few years ago to get up to speed on GCP.
Well designed, explained and hands on activities to get good broad understanding of the fundamentals. Thank you
Its an excellent course to start with and learn fundamentals. Very interesting to know how GCP being developed.
I can say that this course delivers exactly what the title says with additional Lab Examples which are awesome.
Great course for a beginning overview of the GCP architecture, services and knit bits for starting on the same
Great Courses, best part are the labs where we can have hands on and we can repeat the lab for multiple times.
Excellent content in this program. Also the ability to try out the practical things by our self is very useful
explanation is short and sweet, thanks for providing many options like downloading audio,video,txt etc options
Good general approach of what GCP has to offer and how to combine those options. Labs are quick and efficient.
This course helped me a lot as a entry to Cloud Computing. Very much exciting. learned a lot from this course.
Nice its looks hard but they make it very easy thanks for making this course,,, i learned many thing thank you
This is really great experience to be part of this course. I really enjoyed in learning. Good Course material.
This is a very well developed GCP course  material. I would recommend it to all GCP as well as cloud beginners
This is my first experience with a Coursera training and it is amazing! I will recommend it to all my friends.
Great course to get you started on GCP. The labs are a awesome feature for learning by doing. Thanks for this.
Great initial class and pace.  Breakup of the course content was very beneficial to work/life stop start ease.
great self-paced learning and replay, with hands-on labs, review notes. Love the training delivery mechanism!
Extremely interesting topic and clear and easily understandable presentation by the presenters. Thanks a lot.
it's really a every good course it well thought and demonstrated and got to known more Google Cloud Platform.
Great way to start who wants to know what cloud is and how google cloud works and what all services it offers
Google Cloud Platform Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure gives me a introduction about how to use google cloud
Explained GCP in detail. The language in the videos went too fast without time to absorb what was being said.
Clear explanations, super interesting and informative labs. Material was well structured and easy to diggest!
I have learn valuable skills.  I look forward to continuing learning with the remaining curses of this series
great content. very easy to understand and follow. highly recommended to get a fundamentals right on the GCP.
An amazing taught course that proved essential on building the core concepts regarding Google Cloud Platform
very good for beginners,learning videos, quiz and lab are good for test knowledge after completion of course
Amazing class and I highly recommend it to open your eyes on all the possibilities.Well done Google team!!!!
Very good tool to learn GCP through the basics, pratical hands on are truly well prepared. Thanks Coursera!!
A real investment of my time with clear instructions and hands-on exercises. Can't wait for the next ones!!!
Good introductory course.  But Kubernetes piece is hurried.  The video is not adequate and very confounding.
I am a AWS person and first time learning Google. I found google interface is much better and loving course.
This course decently describes the power of cloud in simplest manner and gives opportunity to experience it.
I liked the course very much. Great speakers! The quizzes are very helpful to check one own's understanding.
This was a great learning experience for me. Thanks to Google Cloud for the opportunity to take this course!
It is a very inspiring introduction to cloud computing, specially coming from one of my favourite companies.
Good course to learn the fundamentals. Very high level course for a managerial or IT Manager kind of person.
Very useful course as an introduction to know the different services that are part of Google Cloud Platform.
The pace and quality of the presentations is amazing, probably one the best I have ever watched on Coursera.
Great fundamentals course. Lots of labs and tests/quizzes for better understanding/memorizing the material.
It was a wonderful journey!!!!!Big thanks to Google team. Keep Going :)Education for everyone COURSERA !!!!
It is a very good course for a primer in google cloud technologies with practical and useful hands-on labs.
Great course and comparisons of different compute, storage, networking, databases and analytics services :)
the course was interesting but have some incomplete information......and videos are not same as for qwiklab
It was great experience to learn about Cloud technology from top experts and leading company in this field.
A good experience. the start of good things with google cloud platform Good job att: Wilmer A. Moina Rivera
Its just excellent. New way of learning. Course content, voice modulations of presenter is just excellent.
A beautiful and very informative course which helped me learn the basics of GCP for my work-related stuff.
Absolutely the best GCP course out there, very clear and straight to the point with lots and lots of labs.
Very nice tutorials that improves knowledge to the learners.Thanking for providing this course and help us
Good course. Could.do some operations in the real GCP environment, which is quite helpful and interesting.
Very easy to understand and implement course. Guidelines provided in lectures and qwiklabs are very clear.
I really appreciated this class. The labs make sens, and help to have an idea of what concepts are about !
This is the best online certification program on Google Cloud Platform in my entire 15 years of experience
Very hands on and focused GCP course.  Helps you learn and understand GCP Fundamentals easily and quickly.
I liked the comparisons and review questions. I honestly didn't use the forum so I can't comment about it.
course is good. just make sure the labs can correctly track and detect when its finished. its stlil buggy.
Great course for beginners. The course material are very well prepared, the most worthy part are the labs.
Very good course outlining the core components of Google Cloud Platform. Lab exercise are exceptional good
Excellent training video modules that gives you more than a fundamental view of the Google Cloud Platform.
Good overview of the fundamentals. Clarity is low in some of the lab videos. Otherwise everything is fine.
The course was very helpful and helped me learn about the working of google cloud...Thank you coursera...
Hard but great if you take it a few chapters day by day. Also, download the module PDFS for review later.
Good course to understand the basics of Google Cloud and the best options depending on the business need.
Learned the inner workings of Google Cloud Platform. I'm definitely going to get certified!!!#Love Google
Looking Forward to proceed with the next steps. I want to proceed with cloud architecture specialization.
Short videos with loads of stuff.. a lengthy tutorial but has a full juice of GCP. A must for everyone.!!
I really enjoyed this course. The instructors were amazing and loved the way the information was chunked.
The course is very good but sometimes there are too many definitions of the new terms in one short video.
This course introduced me to the fundamental concept and practice of the cloud platform on GCP very well!
I got so much fundamental knowledge and practical experience using Google Cloud platform. Thanks, Google.
Very well presented with concise details, appreciate the efforts and looking forward to learn more of GCP
It was really great experience. session was interactive by allowing us to do hands on on each module end.
Absolutely needed as the first course towards completing Google Cloud Platform: Architect specialization.
Great introduction to Google Cloud Platform. Very useful to see all the possibilities that GCP can offer.
Very good explanation of each and every topics and run time provided tools were best to learn something.
Just Awesome.  I wish I had done it sooner.  The coursework is well developed and presented.  Thank you.
Thank you Coursera Team for giving me the opportunity to add this Technical know-how in my IT career. 🙏
It was a great learning experience. I learnt fundamentals of the Google Cloud Platform from this course.
This course was super helpful and with high usability in terms of following and navigating the contents.
Easy to digest and accessible.  The labs were implemented well and made as straight forward as possible.
Good introductory course for those who are keen on learning more about Google Cloud Platform's offering.
The course was a good pace and easy to follow. Also, the quizzes are good way to test our understanding.
The course was well designed and specifically made to target every module with a significant importance.
Very good course with virtual lab support. Lengthy course, but duration kept is less in terms of weeks.
Well designed labs for this course. enjoyed lab assignments a lot. Thank you trainers for your guidance
Great start for those who have some basic knowledge of coding and understanding of Cloud Infrastructure
I really gained very good exposure to google cloud through labs and videos. Worth spending each second.
Excellent course for getting hands-on experience of working on GCP and using its various core services.
Course was very insightful and look forward to moving on to the next lesson. More than 10 Hours for me.
The labs are great and explanations are accurate. More explanation is needed for all topics in general.
Course was seamless the lecture structure was consistent and informative. Lab demos were super helpful.
Easy to follow, sometimes it is very simple to complete quicklabs but quiz are generally well designed.
This course gives the basics as well as some core functionality of Google cloud platform. Good to learn
A very good overview of the GCP Platform. A must have for beginners who wants to learn cloud computing.
A good start and basics for understanding GCP core infrastructure and services. Lab sessions are handy.
This is a perfect course for everyone who want to gain a fundamental knowledge of cloud infrastructure.
Amazing course to get to the point insights on Google Cloud Core Infrastructure with hands on practice.
Excellent foundation course, to learn basic  & intermediate concepts about GCP  (core infrastructure) !
Very easy to understand and follow for beginners. Labs are also very good and give hands on experience.
The course gave better ideas on the topics covered. Videos were good. Lab sessions were also excellent.
It was very useful for software engineer , and we get to learn an hands on practice by completing lab,
Excellent primer for those want to start or want to proceed with intermediate and above on GCP skills.
Excellent and easy to follow. Setting video at 1.5x made it go by faster and still easy to comprehend.
A good curriculum and transparent instructor led videos. Practice test and hands on were fine as well.
It's an interesting course that help you to understand in generic way concepts of GCP. I recommend it.
nice course and lab, i'll be thankful for this learning because i have an amazing experiment learn gcp
Got awesome experience and learned so much knowledge. Thanks to the coursera and google cloud platform
Great course, labs and materials. As always coursera and google just make learning an awesome journey.
It was a great learn and experience, thank you Coursera for the opportunity to pursue my career goals.
Am satisfied with the content of this course, and prepared to use the Google Cloud Platform offerings.
Enjoyed the course.  It is very fast moving but a good overall coverage for the Google Cloud Platform.
Great course!  Great flow, timing, the individual quizzes and test were great reinforcement learning!
Amazing course and great guidance by the faculty .Looking forward to compete the whole specialization
This is a great introduction to the cloud infrastructure I really feel more comfortable with GCP now.
Really amazing course.I learned new things about Google cloud computing.Thanks to Coursera and Google
Very clear and thorough, great hands-on examples. Overall a great introduction to GCP's capabilities.
Excellent course!! love how the instructors explain concepts and how easy they make it to understand.
The information in each video is compacted, cuts to the chase and easy to understand. Which is great!
Review main tools and interact with Google Console without expending money on Google Cloud Platform.
Excellent Course. It gives a great overview of all products and some hands-on experience. Thank you!
Excellent training provided by top instructors, delivering a complex content in a very clear format.
Hope this course helps me to take a step forward to my goal.  The course is really really wonderful.
Overview of Google Cloud Platform with the concept and basic labs for learners to practise and feel.
Good Experience . Happy with the service provided . I aM LOOKING FOR EXAM VOUCHER TO WRITE AN EXAM .
Simple introductory course on the general frameworks of GCloud. Meant for beginners – a bit tedious.
It was fantastic course i just completed. It provided all basic details about Google Cloud Platform.
Excellent for understanding the basics of GCP, with both theoretical concepts and hands-on practice.
Really it's awesome,very in depth dive into the concepts .superb superb n needed to each n every one
Excellent training. I had a vision about developing projects in the cloud using Google technologies.
Excellent course! Essential for those interested in getting started in the Google Cloud environment.
Very informative and great for learning GCP Fundamentals. The interactive labs are an amazing touch.
You've successfully completed Course 1 of 3: Google Cloud Platform Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure
Great introduction and overview to GCP. The video lessons are very well done. Can't get much better!
Great overview course, simple and to the point, highlights the main features. Labs are great as well
Good one! Course gives wonderful exposure towards services of Google Cloud Platform practically too.
I would suggest to give some more time and some of the course material is not accessible from github
Excellent material. well-organized and very fun to learn. congrats to the Google and Coursera Team!
Very well phased and explained in easily understandable language with good and contextual examples.
The course was superb and very intresting, get to learn and explore a lot.thankyou for this course.
It was a brilliantly mentored course.Had a problem in a lab, but that too was sorted later.Thanks!!
thank you so much for the support when I stuck in the labwithout which I was unable to complete it.
A simple way to explain the fundamentals of GCP concepts. Thoroughly enjoyed and got to know a lot.
good one whick helps to achive the skill to take work fastly and find the way for complete the work
Good and straight forward course for event the most beginner developer to learn about Google cloud.
A great course for beginners who to want learn about Google Cloud Platform and its implementations.
Really easy way to learn it, It's quite overwhelming but manageable if you write it down in a paper
Great overview of the different products and services in Google Cloud Platform and their use cases.
Excellent course to know the services and solutions offered by google to problems of everyday life.
Loved this course! Very helpful and helped me understand the fundamentals of GCP in a clear format.
Very good course. covers a lot of Topics in an understandable manner. Even for not native speakers.
Nice Course .. with very good content..i really look forward to enroll and get some more knowledge.
This course was great I learnt lots and it is a great kick starter to more in-depth Google training
Very good introduction with pretty good coverage of wide variety of cloud services provided by GCP
Intense and right to the point. Great insight into the Google Cloud Platfom, really learned a lot.
I learned a lot and enjoyed the delivery of content! Thanks for the opportunity to learn and grow!
It was very good experience learning about Google Cloud Platform Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure
Great course to understand the basics and fundametals of GCP, how  to utilize it and its potencial
Course content is very well structured and explained. only the Anthos part was explained bit fast.
Very informative, and very easy to follow. Occasional glitches in the exercises, but not too many.
Learned so much in week 1. So much information provided with links to resources and documentation.
It gives you all the insights of GCP!! Amazing work by Google, Coursera and Qwiklabs are amazing!!
This course was extremely helpful and I learned a lot of new things which will help me in my work.
Excellent course, the material is concise and clear and the lab stuff is awesome (hand on aproach)
Simple and concise but informative enough to help me get a whole picture of Google cloud products.
Marvel of course, he awakened several ideas to be implemented Missed just one more practicenice!!!
This course is a perfect mixture of practical learning and theory about the google cloud platform.
tooo goooood to earn some amazing skils through a great platefrom TAHNKUH COURSERA ,, thankuh GCP
Thank you. This course helped tremendously and seemless integration with quiklabs is a huge plus.
Some of the lectures lack of visualization, make me feel sleepy. However, great course after all.
Serves good as an introductory session with the provision of labs to get used to the GCP Console.
Thanks Google for this course . I am so happy and this is very interesting course for all student
Good course for basic cloud understanding. Covered major things. Well structured. Liked its labs.
Very well structured course with bite sized exams or 'quizzes' that don't intimidate the student.
Great overview of all GCP services, Good introduction for many core services and their use cases.
Great introduction to GCP. Definitely better than AWS's introduction as there were hands on labs.
Quite good course giving high level overview of GCP but also including some hands on assignments.
Informative and introductory course providing details on all the services offered by Google cloud
This course is amazing. it is very helpful. And Big Thanks to Coursera for Gave free opportunity
Very useful and I've learnt new things and how to manage Google Cloud and deploy projects etc...
Great course to understand the fundamentals of GCP infrastructure and what to use in which case.
Very much liked the content and the online lab which is really very handy to use and understand.
I really enjoyed learning the course. It kindles our brain and fills in the enthu to learn more.
A very good introduction on how GCP works and the components that are derived from the offering.
Excellent Course and the instructor's way of teaching! Amazing content which made learning easy.
The course language is very simple and to the point which makes the learning enjoyable and fast.
GCP is a great solution for many cloud projects and the tools supplied from google make it easy!
Every lecture well explained. I liked the qwiklabs, it helped me to get the hands-on experience.
Extremly beneficial course for starting with GCP. Gives a broad but crisp view of the offerings.
Excellent piece of work in designing the course and speaker/trainer were nice and very generous.
Excellent course, I found it more useful then a Google - trainer delivered, face to face course.
A great introduction on the services, technology, and potential game-changers offered by Google.
I would highly recommend this course to anyone who desires a guide to the google cloud platform.
I tried it once and I was able to learn thoroughly. It is likely to lead to learning after this.
This course is very helpful for me in a professional way and i have learnt a lot in this course
Course was excellent. Course gave great insights into cloud concepts and google infrastructure.
Perfect fundamentals, questions are great to realize where you need to emphasize your learning.
Thanks, I enjoyed this course, and I really appreciated the practice labs with the GCP Console.
Very good course!  I want to complete more courses and become a Google Cloud Expert.Thank you !
m feeling happy to complete this course and this course is best for the all cs and it student .
Great content. Loved the theory and all the context provided before actually doing the qwiklabs
Wow, that's a best course about fundamental for a new technical that I've learned. Thanks much.
Excellent course! I like the mode of teaching! I recommend it, the video material was accurate!
This course very much beneficial , mainly for the beginners. Please improve the lab explanation
Great course, offers an introductory insigth about GCP and all the different services provided
Thank you so much Coursera and Google. Really i could not sleep without finishing this Course.
The Course was really enthusiastic and really i learn something new from here. Thank to Google
thank you for this valuable course, it is very beneficial for us and help to achieve something
Very good course who wants to start for Google platform. Helpful for Developer and Architects.
Perfect course for setting the background for GCP whether you are a developer or an architect.
Verify informitive. With this course, you can have a bird's-eye view of Google Cloud Platform.
Good coverage of fundamentals.  Easy to understand.  Labs steps explained are easy to perform.
they explained with the full filled knowledge and it is the best way to develop more knowledge
I really enjoyed the Hands On training and it helped me to understand the Core Infrastructure.
Good course to start with when trying to learn about Google Cloud Platform and it's offerings.
Thank you very much, very good course, which helps to get insight into GCP and it's offerings.
Must go course for cloud experts, lot of learning. The quiz in each module is very interesting
What a content , just amazing ! loved like anything ! Thanks a lot for such a great content !
Very helpful and easy to understand by these tutorials and lab sessions.I liked it very much.
Nice start in the GCP world, it has a good overview of some of the most fundamental products.
Good content and explains each concept very clearly. Learnt a lot of areas in a brief manner.
Great course. I look forward to enjoying the financial aid for the Google Architecture course
This course provides a good high level view of the different options cloud platform provides.
The journey has been excellent with a good grip over the real cloud through Qwiklabs. Thanks.
Very good and interactive session Topics are covered in very systematic way and easy language
This is an excellent course to understand the fundamentals of the core infrastructure of GCP.
Awesome course, well structured, not so heavy content and labs makes it even more interesting
Very good overview of GCP, the labs were useful as they gave some experience on the platform.
A good way to learn with actual hands on training in the real world google cloud environment.
Pretty good, covers all the essentials but may assume some previous knowledge of the backend.
Great intro to GCP. Some good labs. Instructors were clear and concise and easy to listen to.
really good course for beginners as well as professionals who want to learn from the firehose
As a fundamental course It has an awesome content and easy explanation about cloud computing
Great introductory course to GCP services and how they can be useful in may different cases.
A Detailed course of Google Cloud Platform Infrastructure which describes the whole features
I really like this course. I learned many things about the cloud services that Google offers
Perfect! It was very Nice experience and learning. Many Thanks Google and Coursera for this!
Well structured, please improve handson by adding more use case and in depth examplesThanks!
guys excellent for engineers and not only.Keep up such level of online materials and labs!!!
Well thought through with comprehensive labs.  A good introduction to Google's GCP offering.
Great balance between material and quiz.  The review material at the end was a good summary.
Best Introductory course to understand Google cloud concepts & to get hands on experience !!
Excellent Introduction to Cloud terminologies lucidly explaining all the technical jargon's!
Excellent, with breadth of the GCP on Core Infra. And esp the hands on examples are amazing.
The Course provides an overview on basics of GCP. Labs is the best part of the entire course
Great introduction to Google Cloud Platform products. Syncs well with tutorials from Google.
Really an amazing course, proving how good google is. Will recommend this course to any one.
Very detailed and highly helpful course. Provides good insight into all aspects of GCP. The
Clear and concise explanations, demo and easy to follow instructions for hands-on practice!
Very Great understandably course. Will keep continuing to learn even more in other courses.
Thank you so much! Excellent training platform! Kudos to the facilitators and teachers. :-D
I was able to learn new things, I got to know about VMs, etc, with the help of this course.
Helps get a good understanding of the services offered by Google and what are the use cases
The content was really good. It was a nice experience to learn the fundamentals of the GCP.
course made me curious about GCP ServicesVery nice walkthrough Introduction of GCP platform
Nice fundamental to understand the Google Cloud  environment. Thanks Coursera and QuickLabs
Thanks a lot for providing such knowledgeable sessions, it helped me to boost my knowledge.
The Google cloud Platform is the best ways to learn about Big data, cloud computing format,
Excellent way to start GCP learning. Concepts are explained in simple but effective manner.
Really love the lab part,s it is very useful to understand the overall architecture of GCP.
Very good overview course that sets the stage for learning more about the Google Ecosystem.
Awesome! Some of the labs didn't update my score quickly enough, but the material itself is
Quick short videos that are easy to understand / digest.  Did all modules in one short day!
Very beneficial in understanding Google Cloud Platform services and how they work together.
Excellent course presentation and content. Well structured with good labs.  Easy to follow.
This is a great source of knowledge about GCP clearly explaining all the platform services.
I had previous experiences with Google Cloud but this course help me to gain more knowledge
This course is great overview of the different services offered on GCP. Strongly recommend
VERY WELL ORGANIZED MODULE AN DETAILED EXPLANATION HELPED ME IN UNDERSTANDING THE CONCEPTS
Extremely practicable and very insightful. I think i'd take on the Cloud platform journey!
Introduces to google cloud platform very briefly and provides hands on ,working experience
Got a clear understanding of core infrastructure.Thanks to coursera to skills my concepts.
Everyone should try at least one time to understanding concept of google cloud fundamental
Great, valuable content Thank you Coursera and google  to provide such a wonderful content
It was so great course! I learned it a lot. Thank you the instructors and Google for this!
good course. I learn a lot of information and can continue read Google Cloud documentation
Amazingly Designed Course, with real time examples. It was an amazing learning experience!
I love this basic, it have been open my eyes so much. Thank you for this open free course.
A good course which helped me to gain knowledge and it was really interesting. Thank you.
Great delivery of the instructors. Excellent break down of concepts and outstanding labs.
Technical informative out-zoomed view of very wide and in-depth knowledge of Google Cloud
Very informative & course pattern is very nice. Number of quiz helps to remember !!!!!!!!
I like the solid overview of systems and the manner of being able to classify their uses.
Excellent platform and overall delightful experience, thanks Google and thanks Coursera!!
I got a best learning experience due to covid 19..... and the course is very informative.
very helpful and well planned videos. The practical skill test is an excellent resource!!
Very good and Lab is very much helpful for my knowledge and real time experience as well.
It is a very good approach to IT specialists who didn´t know anything about Google Cloud.
It Was Great. Thanks To coursera and Suresh Gyan vihar university for Google cloud course
Feels a little bit overwhelming and tough on the deadline, but gives a good intro on GCP.
Great starting point! I loved to have the chance to have hands-on labs starting on day 1.
Enjoyed and learned about Google Cloud Platform along with hands on practical assignments
Thank you, now i know GCP alot because of this training, before i worked with AWS. thanks
Its very simple and knowledgeable lectures/training. Easy to understand how they trained.
excellent training, all to get started and have your initial thoughts on how great is GCP
so great! very technical info but is a nice start! you will need some linux expertise ;)
Learned a lot of new Things about Cloud and G.C.P in particular it was great experience.
Very interesting. I can't wait to actually deploy a VM and configure it as a web server.
Great course that really introduces you to the general features of Google Cloud Platform
Best course for the beginner who want to familiar with google cloud core infrastructure.
excellent course material but the only thing the hands-on lab required other than course
I liked the course as it provided me with a good overview and practice with Google Cloud
This was a great learning path i learned so much on google cloud. i love the cloud shell
This course is complete and useful! the resources and examples are very real and good...
Very good Course to learn all the required basics of the Cloud Platform that GCP offers.
This course is really interesting and will really be a good start for all the beginners.
This Course was easily understandable and the labs were very useful to clear the doubts.
A very nice introduction to GCP along with elaborate hands on assignment in the platform
Great introduction. The labs are very helpful in getting a feel for the GCP environment.
Very clearly explained with great info graphics and live practical sessions ! Super fun!
Good course, it provided me a lot of basic ground knowledge about google cloud platform.
Great introduction to GCP and cloud solutions. Opens your eyes to how much is out there.
Labs and Demos allow for a good hands on learning experience and are very easy to follow
good walkthrough of GCP services that helps once to get started with basics and features
A great look at the more general aspects of Google Cloud and cloud platforms as a whole.
Nice course with step by step guide to give clear understanding of what we are learning
excellent one for beginner to the cloud and the labs are really awesome and easy to use
Awesome experience !Make learning interesting specially with the immediate lab sessions
All trainers were knowledgeable of the content & elaborated the material well and clear
It is very helpful for me understand the basics of google cloud and is infrastructure .
Pretty detailed and hands-on, giving me a quite good picture of Google Cloud landscape.
Easy to understand and implement. really love the instructor when explaining the module
Very well guided and interesting course. The best part, on hands lab to test the skils!
This Lab is so good, It's helps me to understand the Google Cloud Platform Fundamentals
Great course with ultimate inclusion of lab technology. I'm in love with this course :3
BigQuery Lab needs some updating, but otherwise great. Thanks ya'll for a great course.
I truely like the experience of GCP without paying anything extra but through qwiklabs.
the course video is very useful and the best part of this course is lab with hands on .
good introduction for GCP parts, but need more details which may follow in next courses
Excellent. Sir you have really made an extra ordinary thing to learn cloud very easily.
This course is so much informational. Thank you coursera to help me get this knowledge.
Good introduction into GCP - labs were useful in seeing the various services in action.
Exactly what I was looking for to get a better understanding of what each GCP item was.
It is good course for any one to know GCP and provides the lab session to get hands-on
Its was verry good and important course, its was lot of fun while learning the course.
Most effective way of leaning with lab feature..kudos guys..thanks for the learning :)
It's a very interesting course that gives you a wide overview of Google Cloud Platform
Excellent course for beginners to gain knowledge about GCP and it's core fundamentals.
Very good introduction to GCP for a person who is completely new to the topic of Cloud
It is easy to grasp. Liked the hands on lab facility. Connectivity needs to be strong.
Very good introductory & interactive overview to Google Cloud Platform's key services.
Excellent course with vivid description and an awesome and much needed lab experience.
Great introduction to the GCP Services and good labs to practice what you have learnt.
Thanks to Coursera, which has bring the awesome course for my GCP skillset development
I enjoyed this course and the content is very useful. It is also easy to follow along.
Clear messages about Google Cloud Foundation Components and good practical demos/labs.
Nice Comprehensive introductory course with good labs and test of knowledge retention!
This course was very helpful. Gave me a big vision of Google Cloud Platform. I liked.
it was  GOOD course  where i have learned lot of thing which i had no idea thank you.
The course is well organised and could be a great help for beginners in google cloud.
Amazing course that serves as a clear introduction to GCP and its different services.
Real intense and immersive tour of Google's cloud infrastructure. Take lots of notes.
I love all parts. Most I felt in love in practical part. Cloud for now is all I have.
hope the class could be nicer for chinese actually, coz there is no chinese subtitle.
It was an outstanding course, I really look forward to the next course in the series.
This was an excellent course and I learn a lot of new concepts about cloud computing.
Excellent course with hands-on labs. It really sticks when you get to do it yourself!
Perfect to start in GCP. Take notes of the most used commands. You'll thank me later.
This course is very informative and helpful to understand the basics of GCP platform.
An Excellent course that provides an overview of GCP infrastructure in a lively way..
The course had cover mainly usage for GCP and with certain demo let people know how .
It is a very good course to understand the Google Cloud Platform and its building blo
Good start to learn GCP!!Training system was really helpful for non-english speakers.
Good course to give a general overview of all components of the Google Cloud Platform
Really helpful to understand about the cloud concepts with the help of hands on labs
A comprehensive read , covering most of required essentials with good lab activities
Very Good introduction course. Clearly explains each of the Google Cloud Components.
Good for people who wants to learn about the basic of google cloud and its services.
The course was awesome for a beginner to GCP. The hands-on labs were really helpful.
It was a grate experience and i had learned a lot about GCF core Inrfa  fundamentals
This was an exceptional overview of a vast environment.  I thought it was well done.
The Qwiklabs setup worked fantastically and helped to reinforce learning objectives.
Glad to see that I Completed 1st week of GCP fundamentals within 5 days from a week.
Very good introduction to the Google Cloud Platform ,and Cloud Computing in general.
Well put together material, however the excess of ~1 min videos gets a little droll.
It was really nice and a good introduction of a vast variety of products GCP offers.
Great information and wonderful labs, highly recommend this to future GCP beginners.
Very Well Designed Program for new learners, thank you so much Google and Coursera!!
This is a great overview of the currently available Google Cloud Platform resources.
I feel ready to start using all the things i learned in this course in my projects.
google cloud training build the cloud skills, I learned a lot thank you to GCP Team
This course was really helpful in building my base strong in Google Cloud Platform.
Excellent course. It just need to modify some explanations on the Labs Descriptions
Great experience. In-depth videos and hands-on lab provided great in-depth learning
Lot of concepts in a short course. Really appreciate the labs and reviews questions
just make the language simpler and modules can be made more informative and precise
A very detail-oriented introductory short lesson on Google Cloud Platform Services.
I enjoyed working with free labs . Getting exposure to all resource just enjoying:)
Excellent learning experience with real time hands-on. Coursers made learning easy.
It was great learning and enjoyed, Happy to complete Google Cloud Core Infra course
Very good course, able to get basic understanding of google cloud and how it works.
this course and labs is giving me the inital comprehension on Google Cloud Platform
Very Good Course for basic understanding on various gcp infrastructure fundamentals
Its informative with hands on labs and good to start your journey in to GCP world!!
This gives does give you the fundamentals of Google Cloud Platform. On to the next.
This is very helpful course, where we will get the basics of Google Cloud Platform.
Good mix of labs and theory. Great way for a beginner to start his/her GCP journey.
Very easy to understand and the Labs and Quizzes let you put the knowledge to work.
some minor corrections required as docker changed its syntax for its latest version
Really good videos to get familiar with and learn the fundamentals of Google Cloud
Thankyou google and team for course. This helpfull for me for upgrade my knowledge
Course is really useful to understand the Fundamentals of GCP Core Infrastructure.
Overall enjoyed the class. It made me work hard.  Appreciate the things I learned.
thanks google. its excellent course designed by the team. very informative course.
Be happy to get overall introduction for GOogle cloud, the online lab is excellent
Very clearly explains the most important topics relevant to Google Cloud Platform.
The course is very good It gives hands on experience on google cloud fundamentals.
A bit basic for anyone who has used GCP before - but a nice rundown of the basics.
Excellent course with very important hands on experience provided through labs !!!
It was awsome and taught me lot about what is GCP and when and how it can be used.
Good Course. Got a decent understanding of basic functionalities available in GCP.
Very detail explanation of Google Cloud Platform with very well planned hands on .
This course is  a really definitive and practical beginning  to  GCP tehcnologies.
A good course which helps to get familiarized with the various offerings GCP has.
Really nice to learn the basic and LAB session is very much useful and practical.
This is fantastic course. this course is very useful for modern job in IT sector.
Excellent course with practical labs on Cloud Engine, App Engine, BigQuery, etc.!
It was a great , easy to understand and practical course with sufficient hands-on
Very informative and precise to grab it. I find the practicals are very helpfull.
It was really good and easy to understand by exercising it in the lab on the flow
Amazing course ..I keep learning the rest..thank to coursera and offcourse google
This course helps to have complete basic understanding of GCP Core Ingrastructure
Course content and videos are good. Even lab sessions can be completed with ease.
A very nice introduction to the core functionalities within Google Cloud Platform
The course was very informative and the hands on learning was extremely valuable.
The course have good theoretical materials and good labs to practice the learned.
I learned the basic of cloud compute. Soon i will develop a project on it. 😊😊😊
Very useful and structured course.. makles it easy to learn the GCP.. Thanks..!!!
Cyber Security Researcher || Penetration Tester || IT Geek || Security Enthusiast
very nice course for beginner with excellent training material and questionnaire.
Nice introductory Course to Architecture on GCP, bright and exciting explanations
Very well covered and presented..interesting labs i loved it all thank you google
the course was easy and it provided a good introduction to google cloud platform
I got real-time experience on google labs thanks Coursera for such a opportunity
Well presented and organized. I am encouraged to continue through this pipeline.
Its very Simple and well explanatory Couse. thankyou everyone to make it simple.
Very insightful, best way to get started in the cloud for young professionals...
i learnt a lot of things from this . Hope so it will be help full for my future.
Very Helpful ot understand Basics of Google Cloud Platform with all information.
It was good to learn basic knowledge of GCP. It will help me to boost my career.
Good introduction in to GCP. Maybe sometimes to much marketing then tech stuffs.
Great course, highly recommend for a basic understanding of cloud infrastructure
Excellent Course with meaningful insight into the core services of GCP Platform.
Very Helpful understanding the most of GCP cloud Services in very educative way.
Clear concise explanation, and labs are a great way to solidify the course info.
Excellent overview of Google products. Allows to test and feel the main products
very informative and well paced. Liked the combination of video plus transcript.
Clear and give a good overview - labs could have been a little more challenging
This is a best course for all students to be able understand concepts perfectly
Nice and interactive, easy to understand and precise lab work to gain knowledge
amazing experience, very interesting and able to learn in a new exciting manner
Great course! The qwiklabs exercises are fantastic to consolidate the learning.
Excellent course for the beginners to learn the basics of Google Cloud Platform
thanks for course about cloud , i think is the way to get knowledge about cloud
Good module to have an overview about most important features & services of GCP
I like the way of teaching and gave chance to do practical works. Thanks a lot.
Excellent course, it mixes well the video learning and the hands-on activities!
Good basic course, good quality video's, good speakers, includes questionaires.
Excellent content, a few bugs in a couple of labs. Overall an excellent course.
very important foundation to understand Google Cloud Architecture and services.
Very nice content to understand the GCP Core Infrastructure,Thanks to the team.
provides crisp and concise insight into GCP. Quiz content is superbly crafted.
nice course , it will definitely give you a overview of google cloud component
provide good overview of GCP capabilities with practical conducted in real GCP
THE GRADED LABS REALLY HELPED ME TO BE CONFIDENT WHAT I LEARNED IN THIS COURSE
it was a great experience to learn google cloud in videos and in practical way
the course is good and help me lot for understanding new concept regarding GCP
Really a perfect hands on experience on GCP the labs were really informational
Nice introductory course, for people starting with Google Cloud infrastructure
It is an amazing and fun learning experience with course topic. I really enjoy
Great course content and videos. Qwiklabs is a big plus in boosting confidence
Excellent foundation course. Simple practice labs to get you going right away.
excellent labs, videos, and assignments. Thanks to google for the opportunity.
Nice overall outline of topics covered for google cloud engineer certification
Gives a basic idea how the Cloud works and how to deploy own virtual machine..
it was really good and well explained and hands on Lab experience . Thank you.
it was an amazing course! very useful for understanding Google cloud services!
Excellent Course with a good summary on the key ingredients/components in GCP.
Great general overview of GCP infrastructure offerings with step-by-step labs.
In need of some small updates but overall very useful comprehensive and clear.
Wonderful Course material with demo on functionalities. Great learning course.
A few of the quiz answers have ambiguous choices. Please can they be reviewed.
Well designed and very helpful for the newbies to GCP. Thanks coursera.org. :)
Gives imression what is google cloud computing with some practical activities.
Awesome way to learn through crisp videos, simple knowledge checks, and labs.
It was learning with such amazing teachers who taught with practical support.
Wealth of knowledge explained in interactive way with a special Google touch.
Good Course Gives a very clear view on choosing Google Cloud Storage Platform
Good and interesting course to start with for acquiring new skills around GCP
Really impressed with the course structure, contents and quality of trainers.
Over All this course is useful for beginners who want to start the career GCP
It is a good overview for someone like me that have little experience in GCP.
The experience was really good experience! The assessment method was amazing.
Great Learning Experience! Assignments are great way to learn from. Quiz too!
Brief introduction to lots of different products and services offered in GCP.
This course opens my eyes to a new level in thinking in IT, Business and Data
This course is good for beginner to start learning Google Cloud from scratch.
Well laid out material, lab work, and quizzes. Makes on-line learning easier!
Very well organised and excellent training material and style of presentation
Extremely condensed introduction to google cloud platform done extremely well
Really easy to understand and test through the Code Labs. Totally recommended
Great Learning material to get started on GCP. Well taught by the Instructor.
Good content with relevant step-by-step lab for each modules.  Easy to follow
I'm fresher to this field but this course gave an excellent knowledge on gcp
Excellent Course. Great Insight into Google Cloud Platform Offerings/Tools !
nice introduction to GCP with a good overview of the different functionality
A great opportunity to learn GCP  and its very helpful to my carrier buildup
It was nice learning and exposer to under the new things about google cloud.
Excellent introduction with Lab exercices well prepared and well documented.
The quality of the content is high. I'm also enjoying the pace of the course
Amidst tight schedule, I finished this course successfully... Fantastic.....
Good as an entry point to GCP. You will have to go deeper with other courses
Good overview of the most famous parts in GCP with some hands on experiences
Nice introduction with many hands-on experience from google team! I love it!
Well-built and explained by the best Google instructors. To be completed ;-)
An excellent course from I learned many things about Google Cloud Platform..
i have learned lots of information about gcpfci and it is easy to understand
Well presented overview of the GCP environment. Would suggest starting here.
Excellent, thorough, hands-on, spot-on training about Google Cloud Platform.
Excellent Course, i really enjoyed it and I have learn a lot more about GCP.
Basically I have learned GCP. And I know something else before I didn't use.
I learnt a lot.Thanks so much  for the opportunity.Let's meet at the cloud:)
Very good course though some time taken understanding stack driver practical
Great course to have a first touch experience whit GCP platform and concepts
Nice introduction to the many options available in the Google Cloud Platform
This was a very useful course for me as a consulting practice leader on GCP.
I learned a lot.  It is just the right amount of duration to keep me focused
Very well thought out, delivered and maintained course! Thank you very much!
Excellent Course with strong foundation of the Google cloud's core concepts.
Very informative introduction to GCP, well presented and with good examples.
Thank you sooo much. This helped me a lot as an introductory course in GCP.
Enjoyed the video content, the labs then the quiz's to bring it all home :)
Good for beginners who want to start their career in google cloud platform.
I really recommend this course for learning the basics of core GCP services
A great experience with qwiklabs hands-on. covers all the basics of the GCP
It is very nicely explained with step by step learning approach, i liked it
A great course filled with hand-on lab experience in real gcp environment !
This course has a rich source of contents and will clear all your doubts...
This course is really nice and I got GCP knowledge after doing this course.
Very nice with cool labs.

I will definitely continue with a specialization
Sometime the Qwiklab is not working but so far I love this learning journey
Amazing! This course can help me for understand the GCP on my organization!
I highly recommend to anyone starting a journey to learn about Google Cloud
It's a perfect course to get started with GCP and understanding the basics.
Excellent technical overview of the Google Cloud Platform and its services.
Useful for anyone who wants to get a head start with Google Cloud Platform.
Excellent overview of GCP. Really good for an introduction to the platform.
Heck of a lot of fun.  Only one error in that default should be Default. :)
Overall very good course to start. It cover each and every offering of GCP.
nice platform,most of it i found there are many feature at single platform.
It is very helpful, I will also want to participate to other Google courses
Great course, presented an overview of the GCP and several practical labs.
perfect course thanks to ashay S for helping and entire faculties teaching
I think it's a good intro that paves the way to more in-depth courses GCP.
Excellent course to start your learning journey into world of Google cloud
I am satisfied for Google Cloud Platform Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure
Very good hands on. However, the content is little too much to assimilate!
Great class. I  really enjoyed the proctors presentation of the materials.
this course provide good material for understanding the fundamental of GCP
Very well constructed with excellent labs - one word comes to mind; Slick!
A well thought out course which can be completed in 7 days with head down.
It was great experience to learn a lot from videos and to do quiz and lab.
The course is great to have a overview of the entire Google Cloud Platform
Simple and straightforward course. Gives foundations to further knowledge.
Easiest way to get started ! Looking forward to the remaining ones.Cheers!
Great overview of the main features of GCP.  Look forward to going deeper.
Very informative, well paced, clear information.lots of hands-on sessions.
This is a very well ran course.  I'm glad I took the time to complete it.
I like the QwikLabs experiments. It's so straightforward and interactive!
Best course for everyone and really enjoyed a lot while doing the course.
Try to have some basic knowledge in IT field before attending this course
My heartly thankful you to courseara for good understandable GCP training
Thoroughly enjoyed learning GCP, videos are clear and easy to understand.
Explained with lot of clarity and knowledge. Demos were clear and concise
A lot of little pieces of important information scattered here and there.
Complete and fast-pace course with very good insights for GCP as a whole.
Content is well placed. Much Helpful to learn cloud concepts from scratch
Overall my knowledge of GCP with this course has drastically increased. I
Thanks for providing this kind of opportunity, please share more courses.
this is so good practical based learning and videos are also very helpful
The course was quite good at introducing the various offerings in the GCP
Good explanation of the building blocks that make up Good Cloud Platform.
I would like to have more structures and dependencies, more live examples
Good to start here with constructive and comprehensive course. Thank you.
Good One. Gives you a very concise view of the platform and its features.
Very easy to follow along. Really enjoyed the labs. Well worth the price.
Very satisfied to have this course. Thanks to Coursera as well as Google
Very good experience in learning google cloud storage and their services
Enjoyable, some of the labs require updating to reflect console changes.
This course for a great way to learn about the core fundamentals of GCP.
Easy to follow and gives the complete description of the overview of GCP
Great course - good learning experience being able to practice with labs
I like the video format, quiz and qwiklabs training. A good way to learn
Amazing experience for someone with zero experience in cloud technology.
Great introduction to google cloud platform. Simple & easy explanations!
Nice course, Provides excellent overview about the Google Cloud Platform
Enjoyed the content and how the lab/video/notes interacted with student.
It is really good and thorough in the way it explains the basics of GCP.
Great insights to all the GCP services explained in a very thorough way.
Great introductory course.  I would recommend it to other practitioners.
Very interesting, simple, and useful for people new in cloud computing !
Great content, with great variety and coverage of much different topics.
Its great to know about basics for Google Cloud and its really powerful.
Thank you. Course was really informative about Google Cloud Fundamentals
I gained knowledge to evaluate the typical fundamental functions of GCP.
The labs were very good and that's what made this course so interesting!
Good intro to GCP - enough to get started while not being too difficult.
I like this course this have very good explain and interactive practice
This course made me aware of google cloud overview and how things works
a great course, it's very useful thanks i gain a lot knowledge & skills
its was good learning some fundamentals about the google cloud platform
I am glad I opt for this course. It covers all the fundamentals of GCP.
I am very good and satisfaction with the course and with this learning.
Very good content and excellent lab work to get insight of the subject.
Overall a great course with easy to follow instructions and great labs!
Loved the course.Please give some additional assignments to try ourself
Very good and enhance learning platform with latest updated environment
covers all topics we need to understand to begin our journey with GCP .
Its really good, but seems more towards development. Anyways Thank you!
Thanks a lot. I learned much thanks again for sharing this like course.
Easy to understand.  Excellent Structure with the short videos and labs
Good to understand the concepts and able to delivery our infrastructure
Very good for starting base as a cloud fundamental and infrastructures.
It was user friendly, knowledgeable and will be used in day to day work
Very comprehensive overview of GCP concepts, and well constructed Labs.
Google is doing great work. Keep going google. Google my dream company.
Very good for understanding the Google Cloud Architecture and offerings
This is perfect lecture for Beginners like me!!I am really appreciated.
Course excellents thanks of cousera for oportunit. sorry my bad english
This course is very structured way and seems like covered many concepts
Excellent foundational course which covers almost all of GCP offerings.
A comprehensive course with a guided approach to give you a quick start
is there any certification or attendance cert that I finish the course?
Great, Cloud Shell fantastic, but geastures with one hand only, please.
Best way to get the overview of what GCP offers with hand-on exercises.
The course help you understand the core infrastructure of Google Cloud.
This course is awesome way to explore and learn Google Cloud Platoform.
Labs were spot on, actually lined up with what the GCP sites contained.
Perfect blend of questions, quizzes and practical. It was fun to learn
great way to learn so much about the upcoming future google has for us
Best experience ever, well its challenging but thats what makes it fun
This is really good platform to learn google cloud and its application
Well informative. QuickLabs helped a lot for practical understandings.
I have no experience with GCP this is a good start thank you Coursera!
Course content is really effective and easy to understand.. Keep it up
Simplification of matter for students who have no practical knowledge!
Good course with short videos for each topic for better understanding.
I really enjoyed learning, first ever time, content managed perfectly.
This is a great course am happy to be part of this learning process!!!
Good to a have Practice/Assignments integrated to the course structure
Brilliant course! Very useful for learning key concepts about the GCP.
Complete and exhaustive - very good overall view of GCP Infrastructure
great start to new person to know all the could platform fundamentals.
Excellent presentation, very good teaching the GCP tech from Google...
Excellent course for beginners who want to pursue his carrier in Cloud
Some areas aren't perfect, but nicely developed and delivered content.
Excelent course and now I know the fundamentals about cloud platforms.
Awesome, Finally i was able to link my android app with compute engine
Really engaging, well presented and details and the labs are very good
The contents and the examples are very good, gives overall idea on GCP
Great high level view of Google ClouD Platform with technical details.
A good overview of the uses and capabilities of Google Cloud Platform.
Good course. Explains a lot of concepts nicely, quickly and with labs
Helpful introduction to all kinds of service in Google cloud platform
Very great experience! looking forward to use my skills in real life.
its  a good course for those who want learn with hands-on  experience
its really good experiance to work with Google cloud infrastructure..
Excellent course work to get introduced to the Google cloud platform.
A very detailed Course on GCP. Must for any beginner cloud developer.
The course is wonderful and  good hand holding through out the course
Well structure course with good practical and theoretical information
It is more informative and it increased my knowledge on google cloud.
I really enjoyed working in it and had a great experience in hands-on
Overall this was a great course. I am glad that I signed up for this.
Best course to learn. Very good explanation with practical exercises.
very simple to understanding cloud computing in Google Cloud Platform
Very detailed and structured to learn GCP fundamentals in modular way
well architected with practical exercises...well done!Grazie and Ciao
Great course! Very clear and easy to follow, loved the hands on labs.
Lots of hands on labs with theory . It's a nice way of learning GCP .
Enjoyed this. Learned a lot. GCP has been greatly demystified for me.
I'm glad I took this course, it gives you the basic knowledge of GCP.
Overall it was very good course to get into the core offerings of GCP
Very informative and helpful to build out the basic framework for GCP
Gave very good foundational knowledge to get started on Google Cloud.
good introduction course if you haven't used the tools in gcloud yet.
Very long time required, but i like this course because of helping me
Fantastic introduction class for beginners, or former Amazon AWS-ers!
Excellent course to get overview of GCP components and infrastructure
Thank you for the new knowledge, really happy to learn from the best.
Interactive content and the contents are well explained by the staffs
This is usefull to get fast insight about GCP infrastructure services
I like it, the content and the videos are awesome and well elaborated
It is a good session to get an understanding on GCP and its services.
Really good tutorial for beginners who is new to google cloud service
Very very useful for me and its tempted me to get more deeper further
This course was clear and a good aproach to a GCP Core Infrastructure
Awesome !!!  The learning curve is more fun because of lab exercises.
Very Good and well structured. Good balance of theory and practical.
Very Nicely taught course and equipped with lab hand on experiments.
So structured and well paced with great instructor support and ease.
Excelent explanation of basics services of google plataform!! Thanks
This course is very nice and good starting point to learn about GCP.
It was very great! I would love to have lessons about Cloud Run too.
Easy to follow modules and videos. Labs were great to practice with.
Great Content!Level must be lowered in order to accompany Beginners!
A great course which makes you so familiar with GPC in a short time.
Very informative and well explained content with practical hands on.
very informative and simple to learn. thanks and Kudos to your team.
Really helps me in understanding the fundamentals of cloud computing
it was amazing experience but some practical work was very difficult
Super informative and a very basics of gcp is covered int the course
Awesome course! I enjoyed each class and I learned a lot about GCP!!
Great introductory course, it really opens the doors to a new world.
Intermediate content but easy to understand when you view the videos
Excellent info with detail and working labs for hands on is awesome!
Great class. carefully chosen assignments and hands on is wonderful.
This was a very good overview course, and the labs were very helpful
Good introduction to the core products of the Google Cloud Platform.
Excellent couse, was able to understand the concepts well, thank you
Very Clearly administered course. Good for developing basics of GCP.
The course was great, learned a lot about GCP and my way around it.
wow amazing this gives lot of knowledge about google cloud platform
It is a very useful course and in this i learned so many new things
Well defined syllabus to cover the breadth of GCP core fundamentals
Got a good fundamental level understanding and knowledge about GCP.
Wonderful and practical to get yous started on Google cloud journey
Very professional way of narrating the information. great learning!
Essence, simply put, the ground level and very good starting point.
Excellent Course! Expert Instructors and great hands on experience!
Well designed and easy to follow, thank you, Google and Coursera!!!
Great course , but lab exercise could be more elaborate and complex
It course is great to understand the cloud  world. Thank very much.
Superb Course. A must for anyone willing to make a career in Cloud.
Great course which covers all GCP features with hands-on short labs
Excellent introduction to the core infrastructure of Google Cloud!!
This course provides a great overview of the Google Cloud platform.
Excellent in preparing one in Google Fundamentals on Cloud Platform
it was a well structured course. good introduction to GCP services.
Great course to learn about the google cloud platform fundamentals.
it's amazing. Excellent labs and information with great structure!
Excellent labs and notes. Everything matched up.  Everything work.
Good overview of major services provided by Google Cloud Platform.
Short videos with labs and evaluation. Very good and crisp content
Excellent introductory course, let down by a couple of lab issues.
The hands-on labs made the course, very practical and informative.
Great explanation and easy to understand. Time-saving explanations
Thank you,  Nice introductory course for GCP and cloud in general.
well structured course. explained crisply along with hands on labs
Good course, but as a developer, want to be more practice and labs
The course is highly informative, provides each and every details.
A general overview about GCP Portfolio, very interesting content !
Interesting ! Might be good to challenge more in the lab sessions.
Course is now ok. It has been fixed and now all works as expected.
Course is excellent and i learn much more things from this course.
The course is well describing and finely navigates for a new user.
Itwasalright,althoughthisreviewsubmissionwindow looks very strange
This course was was very informative and I truly enjoyed the labs.
It gives a great overview of the services provided by Google Cloud
Very informative and easy to understand course structure about GCP
Very well composed material to begin with. Thanks for the efforts.
Really good insight into the GCP services. Liked the hands on labs
excellent course and it was just brillaint the way it was taught..
Fantastic course covering high-level view on Google Cloud platform
ecellent . the smart best practice to optimal cloud resource usage
I learned all the core fundamentals of the Google Cloud Platform.
Good Introductory Course for Learning about Google Cloud Platform
thank you coursera and google, for this wonderful opportunity! :)
Excellent introductory course, have lot of material and practice!
Outstanding course, easily followed to allow learning at my pace.
I feel more comfortable with GCP as I acquired its basic skills !
This course is very usefull in cloud subject so thank you so much
A very structural way to guide the GCP principles and definitions
A good hands on intro to the full range of Google cloud products.
Awesome tutorial videos and easy to follow demos and hands on lab
was a great course and for a beginner its a stunning start to gcp
Very good, but 2 or 3 labs have issues whenever running the code.
On the whole I enjoyed the course. Thank for the given knowledge.
Very Good Course for them who are interested in Cloud Computing.
Good Course understanding basic concept of google cloud products
Very good fundamental concepts, great easy content to understand
many thanks to Google and coursera for giving me the opportunity
Very Good LABs and instructor is clearly explaining the concepts
Nice course, In this I have learned all of the GCP fundamentals.
This is a great program for going through the basic GCP services
Cool and interesting for the basic overview of the GCP platform.
Highly Informative and useful, especially with the lab sessions.
Overall good course to learn various technologies offered by GCP
Amazing! Brian Rice is a hero. Super clear and concise. Loved it
great learning experience and quality labs/quizzes.  Thank you!!
Great course to get in GCP and know about main services. Thanks!
Informative and really helpful if you are into Cloud Computing .
Great course to learn GCP fundamentals. Nicely divided and timed
Included very good courses for those who are new to GCP or cloud
Aptly named.  Challenging.  Allow an entire week for the course.
This more helpful Course, this course is to improve my knowledge
It is a good course which introduces some basic concepts of GCP.
This was a very useful course and will help me out in my studies
Great way to start learning about Google Cloud. Go for it guys !
Easy to understand and very cool training exercises on Qwiklabs.
It was a very good paced course with small but effective lessons
Great course for skimming over the surface of the GCP offerings.
Excellent delivery of some detailed information. Clear. Concise.
Very Good Learning Tool and expert level teaching from trainers.
Great overview.  Simple, easy to follow and demos are well done.
Quick and easy learning to bring upto speed on GCP Fundamentals.
Very Good. Would be nice if I could got a hand on a certificate.
It was awesome learning step by step and practicing on codelabs.
Concise and delivered what was needed. Thanks for the knowledge!
Great course for a wide introduction to de google cloud platform
A very concise course introducing a rich suite of GCP products.
Very good course to understand the basics of GCP infrastructure
Great course with learning information that is well structured.
The course is really awesome and the basics are really cleared.
Very good contents and help to understand Cloud Infrastructure.
It's very useful to understand GCP basic functions and services
Thanks, Learned the basic fundamentals of GCloud platform well.
There are some glitches in the Qwik labs tutorial and accounts.
one of the best course for beginners who are interested in GCP.
This course is a good introduction to many feature GCP provides
fantastic platform to learn more technologies ... just loved it
Good videos and labs. Very clearly laid out and easy to follow.
Very informative.  Exciting stuff.  I look forward to the rest!
The course is good to learn basic fundamentals of Google cloud.
Very Informative, intense and thrilling data wave of excellence
Really like that this is all videos as opposed to reading text.
Excellent  course to get basic overview of all GCP capabilities
Great as a means to get a general overview of what's available.
Solid overview of a lot of base GCP functionality and features.
it was a great course it will also include hands on experience
A very well crafted course to understand the GCP offerings..!!
Cloud infra journey is awesome with google app and technology.
Good introduction to google cloud platform and it's services!!
Very complete course on all the basics and all services of GCP
Well prepared, interesting, allowing for smooth start with GCP
This course was very helpful in understanding GCP fundamentals
Excellent course material with very knowledgeable instructors.
Well structured course. Very well hands-on practice(best part)
Good with hands on, get you familiarize with GCP and features.
Highly structured course for better understanding and learning
Flawless explanations and I feel its quite comfortable with me
Great course! I am very excited to share this course to others
This course let me understand the basic GCP and how to use GCP
Nice and quick introduction to various google cloud offerings.
Complete course, the only thing i change would be the narrator
excellent course to get introduced to google's great cloud pf.
The course is very useful which contains credible information.
One week but as long as one year knowledge. Thank you google.
Well organized course for Google cloud platform introduction.
Excellent quality, complete overview and very well developed.
Clear instructions and really high quality video. Nice jobs !
Really amazing course! I gained alot of hands on experience!!
This couurse are very usefull for everyone and great learning
This course provided relevant insights into GCP Fundamentals.
Great Experience! I had a vast knowledge of Google Cloud !!!!
A complete course to learn the fundamental principles of GCP.
Very useful for the first time learning, what is google cloud
For GCP I Enrol coursera feel good to learn new technology"s.
Couesera helped me in enhancing my skills on Cloud Technology
Its good to do the practices along with respective materials.
course is so good to learn and having good practice with labs
Learned a lot about cloud in detail. Was fun to try the labs.
It's a good step to begin a road in the google cloud platform
Thank's for Experience Coursera, Google and Kominfo Indonesia
Good introduction to GCP product line with some hands on labs
Very good platform to know about GCP along with lab practices
Excellent to get Introduced to GCP and Build the Fundamentals
This is a good place to start learning GCP's various services
Nice course overall. Great detail with good overarching views
Good. Better if free of cost as Knowledge should not be sold.
Great review of all basic functionalities and services of GCP
Great resource for overall knowledge of what GCP has to offer
some of the lab instruction is out-of-date. please update it.
This course is a great overview of the Google Cloud Platform.
Totally it is perfect, I will recommend GCP to my colleagues.
very good content, quizzes and labs. Audio and Video as well.
Great course, a snafu here or there, but overall really good
Very good for introduction the Google Cloud Platform fetures
excellent. Wonderful job one by instructor. Clear and crisp.
Lab is covering too little example for Machine Learning part
Great course in order to start knowing google cloud platform
Very good starter course if you are looking to get into GCP!
Very Simple and easy to get the point of each service of GCP
very good. Google is in another way of doing things smartly.
very helpful and interestingthe guidelines were very helpful
Excellent Platform to get knowledge...Thank you Coursera....
Great introduction to Google Cloud but a little bit too long
Fantastic intro class, I learned a lot on what GDP provides.
Good course to know the fundamental of Google Cloud Platform
Learned something new and thank you for hands-on experience.
Teach in detail with many reference on google documentation.
I was very satisfied with the course and would recommend it.
Great intro to Google Cloud Service with lab practical work.
This is a Good foundational course for GCP. Well structured!
Very much interactive and can easily understand the concepts
Excellent introduction to basic infraestructure and services
very informative and given environment for practical session
Very comprehensive course with a lot of cognitive approaches
A very good course to start and get your fundamentals right.
Fundamentals is important! Great source for getting started!
Short concise to the point.   A real eye opener.  Go for it.
Good overview for the first time users to on-board into GCP.
really good course and good basic information about the gcp.
Great Material and resources.Excellent Introduction for GCP.
it was the Best experience to learn new things and software
Very excellent, teachers are trained and explain very well.
Excellent course with easy to understand concepts and labs.
Extremely valuable and gives a strong fundamental about GCP
I loved this courses. i really jumped from scratch into GCP
All perfect. A good matter to introduce to the google cloud
Really impressed with the Quiklabs exams and course content
A very good coverage of fundamentals and a good foundation.
A good way to start in GCP Platform and a general knowledge
Covers a wide range of topic with a good amount of clarity.
Google explanation for each session are easy to understand.
very nice way to explain Google Cloud Platform Fundamentals
This course was great, taught the basics with a great pace.
I really enjoyed the course. With clear and focused classes
This course was amazing, I', really happy with the results.
Excellent to get an overall view of google's cloud offering
Good course content but may be it can be scoped down a bit.
Excellent introductory course to GCP ! Highly recommended !
A solid foundation for further knowledge obtaining process.
Excellent Course and Hands-On Labs with clear explanation!!
good, simple introduction to the landscape of GCP features
Good guidelines to understand the services provided by GCP
Beautiful course structure and beginner friendly lectures.
Nice to have another technology added to my knowledge base
Very good course to start with and learn the basics of GCP
good content with good explanation. Labs are very helpful.
Awesome Great course , course contents are extremely good.
I like the way Brian teaches. Very easy to understand him.
it's very clear and awesome. this platform is very helpful
Good and descriptive sessions. Labs were awesome !! Thanks
Good Content and lab happy to learn more course in future.
Very Much detailed.. and the customer chat was good too...
Course is very useful to get introduction to GCP services.
It is great , you provided accounts to try on applications
Great course to get into touch with Google Cloud Products!
Great course which give a good overview and intro into GCP
Great overview of all the services without diving too deep
It provides a basic but well-explained introduction to GCP
All contents are meaning full and very easy to understand.
awesome!!this course has given a new insight regarding GCP
Pretty good course that gives an overview of GCP services.
Very good base for understanding of Google Cloud Platform!
A critical path to getting a glimpse of Googles' worldview
it is useful for practice google cloud platform with free!
Wonderful ! Fundamentals are explained well with good lab!
Really good overview of the GCP Platform!  Thanks so much.
Excellent high level intro to GCP.  Covers all the basics.
Very good and efficient introduction to GCP infrastructure
Very complete to get started in cloud concepts from google
VER Y INFORMATIVE, HANDS ON AND EXTREMELY SIMPLE TO FOLLOW
Amazing for starting in the cloud world, 100% recommended
Really Nice course. Lot of stuff to Learn in this course.
Really helpful to get Google Cloud fundamental knowledge.
All the materials are good and provide a great knowledge.
Excellent documentation helps easy to adopt the concepts.
The course is totally focused on conceptualized learning.
I found the teachers' gestures a bit distracting, though.
this is one of the best cours i have ever had in coursera
Thanks for helping in understanding the GCPInfrastructure
Wonderful with quiz and videos .one can learn effectively
Fantastic hands on work! Really enjoyed and learnt a lot!
Great and helpful for who need to learn basic about GCP !
Course content was very Informational and well explained.
gave me a better understanding of the core infrastructure
very simple and effective . easy compare to azure and aws
Great introduction to Google Cloud Platform core services
Learning so much about the basic of Google Cloud Platform
Great must have course for starting google cloud journey.
Great course for getting a start at learning GPC! Thanks!
Very good course. Easy to understand. I learn a lot here.
Very nice videos to get idea of GCP Google Cloud Platform
Great course but I felt like drinking from the fire hose!
Very good introduction to the CGP platform, recommended!!
Great overview course.   Concise with a lot of good info.
This was very simple , comprehensive & effective training
Where helpful to understand what is google cloud platform
Absolutely fantastic course to know the GCP Fundamentals.
Great course with easy to understand simplified content !
Exceed my expectations. Got a lot of value from the labs.
Nice lab exercises. A very good intro to GCP fundamentals
I have learned  and cleared many of my conceptsThank You
It's really good for basic learning. recommend to others
It's a great course, helped me to learn many new skills.
Nice learning experience and get more and more knowledge
Excellent overview of GCP infrastructure and good notes.
It was a great experience to achieve this certificate !!
Really clear and full of details and hands on workshops!
handlab are so ggod and exciting that we dont get bored.
All labs are explained in an extensive way. Very helpful
Was nice instructionalso helped to get clarity with LABS
it was an excellent course, would certainly recommend it
Brief Overview of GCP - apt and not overwhelming at all.
Clear explananation and real real user experience on lab
very useful for those who are interested in google cloud
Very interactive course to know and grip of GCP platform
It is a very good course to start your journey with GCP.
This course was very good especially the labs were good.
Great course to stick your first toe in the Google ocean
Good fundamental insight into the Google cloud services.
Very useful course that covers the foundation of the GCP
very good course i really learned many new technologies
Materials were very specific, lots of practice, love it
thank you for this wonderful and most interesting cours
Its very  simple to upgrade your skills via Coursera...
Well organized, appropriate content and excellent labs.
Good and interactive Lab was very usefull for hands on.
Thank you for providing such a great platform (QwikLab)
Excellent material. Well explained and very interactive
Great Course! It was interactive and easy to comprehend
thanks a lot for all teachers i really like this course
very detailed overview to cover base offerings from GCP
Good introduction to GCP infrastructure core components
Excellent and quick paced introduction to fundamentals.
I have several technical issues on lab, but I try agai.
Nice and crisp introduction of GCP core infrastructure.
Nicely paced, but kinda confusing in the BD and ML part
It was a great introduction to Google Cloud Platform :)
Well paced and keeps you engaged! Nice insight to GCP .
Really interesting and an excellent first step with GCP
Step by step. So simple. Everything is as it should be!
Content is good and very useful hands on from qwik labs
Very well done. Recommended to everyone approaching GCP
Excellent. Short modules made in easy to digest formats
Really good overview, tricky tests and appropriate labs
Great course, buy maybe with more time will be perfect.
Great Course, Simple, Efficient, Straight to the point!
Good understanding of GCP modules with exams and demos.
Very nice course for basic level understanding in GCP.
Thank you so much for this amazing interactive course.
It is just an amazing course with every minuet details
Videos along with practical training are much helpful.
Amazing Course....I recommend everyone to take it up!!
Great introduction course, well laid out and presented
Excelent overview of all the services that GCP offers.
u should give some books to prefer for basics concepts
It was a nice course and helps to enhance my knowledge
Provides good understanding on where to step for what.
Thank you for providing such a informative content. :)
Brilliant introduction, essential but very informative
Good, concise course content with good lab activities.
Very good course to get started with GCP Fundamentals.
Great course 👍 and great cooperation of coursera team
Great course to get basics over Google cloud platform.
Great Course. Thank you. Add more diagrams if possible
Excellence lesson!!...i hope i can learn more again...
great introduction to hopefully a great specialization
Without any doubt this course was 100% helpful. Thanks
Awesome learning experience in a simple and a nice way
Course contains are very rich and explained very well.
Great Learning experience with hands on lab practices.
Good explanation of core infrastructure and good labs.
Great introduction, with a lot of information to cover
great, inicial info it was so good to begin the jorney
Nice Course and step by step guide for lab. feels good
This was very extensive and good course. Thanks Google
Very nice intro as a whole to the core infrastructure.
extremely well-coordinated course to learn GCP basics.
Great course for people who new to cloud. Recommended!
LOADING TAKES TOO TIME. BUT THE COURSE IS INTERESTING.
great course, i'm exhited with the others next courses
It was excellent experience learning GCP fundamentals.
Contents are clear and structure is easy to understand
Great delivery. Relevant content. Knowledgeable staff.
It is nice materials to get the information, thank you
Provides good fundamental. Well organized. Flows well.
It is great course for first exposure of google cloid
It really amazing Presentation and easy to understand
Very interesting this course. The labs are fantastic.
Great instructors and well-chosen hands-on exercises!
Great course! wish I had lifetime access to the labs!
A really well structured course with good online labs
Its really a great experience to me.Thankyou coursera
A very good introduction to Google Cloud Sctructures.
It was good experience, learning GCP through Cursera!
Very good content and apt practice lessons and tests.
Extremely well presented and well laid out! Loved it!
It is what it is: a fast review of GCP infastructure.
we can view all of the google functions.it's so cool!
One of the better GCP trainings I've done in a while.
Awesome course that is highly interactive and focused
It really gave me overview and core knowledge of GCP.
Great intro to GCP services with good hands-on labs!!
Modular and understandable content. Really liked it!!
This is an awesome course to learn about Google Cloud
Get the overview idea of what is inside google cloud.
An introductory course with lots of good information.
Nice introduction to GCP. I would really recommend it
The course introduced me with strong basics into GCP.
best course to get google Cloud platform fundamentals
Great course for beginning and understanding of GCP!
Really nice course, covered a lot of ground quickly.
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE VERY HARD TO RECORD A 3 HOURS VIDEO
Always learn better content to get urself better ;-)
Yes, I got the basic knowledge for all GCP concepts.
Very good course to understand overall GCP Services.
A great way to start and learn Google Cloud platform
Great I enjoyed and gain massive knowledge.Thank you
The couse is easy to understand and well structured.
Awesome Leaning to start with Google cloud Platform.
Easy to understand and lab exercises easy to follow.
Excellent courses offered by google through Coursera
The labs are very useful in learning GCP. Thank you.
very easy to understand and very usefull infotmation
Its very helpful to understand the cloud technology.
very easy to understand and complete the experiments
Beautifully designed course to start with the basics
Excellent course materials and teaching. fabulous...
Very precise a step by step lab work. Nicely done :D
Very informative, I learned so much from this course
So Proud can learn google cloud platform at coursera
Essential course covering all most required services
A well defined structured course and a fruitful lear
good but some videos tutorial not same with the labs
great overview of GCP with hands on skills using GCP
Provides great introduction to Google cloud platform
the explanation is very clear and easy to understand
Great starting point for Google Cloud certification.
Great course, that describes all secvices in general
Good intro to GCP core services, well organized labs
A good initial orientation to google cloud platform.
Very nice course, very helpful for understanding GCP
This course was excellent! Very good!!!! Congrats!!!
A pretty simple course with clear labs and examples.
Awesome platform. Good material and well structured.
A Good valuable course to start your career in Cloud
Course was excellent and covered everything! Thanks!
It covered the basics of a very interesting platform
Help me to understand the concepts  and tools in GCP
Excellent fast overview of the main functions of GCP
The course is simply taught and easy to understand.
Good Course Content and well planned flow of topics
Thank you , coursera for this wonderful Oppurtunity
Nice  Experience in work with google cloud paltform
Thank you for providing amazing Interactive Course.
Most valuable and great learning with Google cloud.
Great Course and great labs for covering the basics
Great course with insights on Google Cloud Platform
It's a great introduction to the main gcp services.
A good insight on what are the features GCP offers.
Well done training material and easy to follow labs
Like the Training simulation practice Hands on Labs
A very useful introduction to Google Cloud Platform
Good overview and foundation for continuouslearning
A great way of starting to learn and upgrade skills
Very informative and easy to understand and learn..
This course provides very good understanding of GCP
Right balance of theory and practical for beginners
Nice overview of Google Cloud Platform and Services
Good course to understand google cloud fundamentals
Great Course which is providing an overview of GCP.
Well Designed and spaced out for effective learning
Very well designed course. Got to know many things.
Bigquery module needs to be updated with the new UI
A good course to start your cloud computing Journey
It was very good but I could not get my certificate
Very nice introduction to the Google Cloud Platform
Nice course for walking around GCP within one week!
Easy to understand "world map" of the Google Cloud.
Good course that give a quick jumpstart to the GCP.
Good course but very very simple only for beginners
Very straight forward and a good starter for Google
Learn all the basics for GCP thanks a lot Ccoursera
super,I learn are very excited many task completed
Awesome courses, very clear and easy to understand
Really well put together! I have enjoyed it a lot!
Qwiklabs was very helpful to enforce the learning!
thank you for such a wonderful teaching experience
Excellent course contents and very well organized,
Very informative and useful course. Thanks Google!
Great Coverage of Concepts and Impressive trainers
Great way of learning with practical demonstration
Great overview - looking forward to learning more.
It was nice learning experience, thanks for Google
A very good introduction into the GCP fundamentals
Good content at great learning from the Quicklags.
Good intro. Some sections are a bit fast but good.
A really good quickstart for Google Cloud Platform
very informative, love the labs, hunger fo more :)
Very clear information and easy to use practicals!
Really helpful overview of what GC can do and how.
Very informative, clear and easy to follow, thanks
all the things in this course is very helpfullllll
Good Course meets the objective set by the trainer
Very good overview and all of the labs , good job!
it is very good to give basic knowledge of the GCP
Great course that gives much insight for beginners
Wonderful course ! And I like the quiklab so much!
Great course with insights into the how GCP works.
Very good overview of the GCP Core Infrastructure.
Great overview course about GCP! Highly recommend!
Great course to have full overview on GPC services
Excellent course for someone who does not know GCP
Awesome content with lot of practical lab sessions
Really good training.  Can't wait to dive deeper.
Very informative and useful in gaining knowledge.
Very detailed and exhaustive  content - thank you
Perfect for learning, Thanks for proving platform
Excellent course with proper lecture and guidance
A very well structured course for a GCP Beginner.
Very good intro to GCP resources and applications
Fentastic experience, with realtime assignements.
It was an awesome experience learning with Google
Detailed about the course,so understand very easy
great course to learn about google cloud platform
Amazing content ,it was really a good experience.
Great course must do this with easy understanding
Clean and fast overview of all the Google Service
Well Explained Contents and Detailed lab Hands on
awesome course for learning google cloud platform
Nice. Give the very basic understanding about GCP
Ok, great, but maybe too long for only one week !
Excellent 101 class to set up a solid foundation.
I'm very happy and easy to understand it. Thanks.
Nice Course , Explained in detail and to the core
nice for beginner we have to know the basic first
Its a good way for start the journey learning GCP
Awesome, Its easy to understand the core concepts
Good Course. Videos were short and informational.
Excelent layout and framework of the presentation
Good general introduction with hands on practice.
Very valuable course with right amount of content
I liked too much the way in how is structured the
it's easy to understand , the tutors are awesome.
thanks. this course make me comeback coursera ^-^
Good Tutorial to give overview of google platform
Best course I've taken in a long time. Well done.
efficient & short intro to Google Cloud Platform.
Its a Good start to learn the fundamentals of GCP
Excellent course. Each clip is short and focussed
nice course with labs which are very interesting
Very Informative but needs prior cloud knowledge
Very good introduction to Google Cloud Platform.
A great course. Thank you for the opportunity :)
great course easy to get into and very practical
Good btoad overview of GCP Concepts and services
Thank you Qwiklabs and Coursera for this course.
Very easy to understand Google Cloud components.
Excellent on basics and a hands on feel. Thanks.
Very good overview of the google cloud resources
Its a great platform to learn and enhance skills
Very Nicely drafted and basic knowledge is good.
great course , given me highlevel idea about GCP
Good Course, Made me learn many aspects of Cloud
Wonderful learning experience. Thank you Google!
Very crisp and clear explanation by the mentors.
Great first approach to this cloud base IT world
Very good content and quite enjoyable to follow.
Absolutely a great course with the basics of GCP
Great intro to GCP fundamentals. Very good labs!
It's good knowledge i gain during those two days
Great course for startknow Google Cloud Platform
great "big picture" intro to the services of GCP
Clear, precise & very well presented. Thank you.
Really a nice and quick start in GCP technology.
Enjoyed the Course ....Really excellent Content
Very enjoyable accelerated overview of the GCP.
Well structured and easy to understand, 5 stars
Thanks for enabling hands-on lab with qwiklabs.
I love it. It is a fantastic course I had ever.
Very informative, nicely explained. Very good !
I liked the labs & virtualization technologies.
It was a great learning for fundamentals of GCP
Great Content and material.  Lab was excellent.
Easy to understand, very good learning material
Great option to learn the cloud from begining!!
Study content Good and easily access, Thank you
Simple easy to understand and useful for basics
Very good courses, too clear and well organized
Great videos and tutorials. And very nice labs.
Great material to understand the basic concept.
Challenging Looking forward to the next course!
Great Lab , Full of Detail and Video Guide Line
It's great and Hanson experience is relay good.
It was an awesome way of learning, an adventure
Give me an overview of Google Cloud capabilites
Thank you for the great content in this course!
Discovery covering a wide range of GCP products
Very good, easy to understand and hands-on labs
I was able to catch even with my busy schedule.
Overall a very good introductory course to GCP.
It has been a nice start to level up my career.
Very interesting course. A good starting point.
Great learning. Nice videos and lab experience.
Great intro to the fundamentals of Google Cloud
This was truly an excellent experience. Thanks.
Thank you very much for the enablement  program
Very Good introduction to Google Cloud Platform
Great course on the fundamental features of GCP
Interesting course preparing to GCP adventure.
Excellent way of teaching on an online portal.
it was a very good course and i enjoyed a lot.
great course explained in very simple language
The content is really great and the labs also.
A great opportunity to learn in and out of GCP
it was nice , i learn a lot from these course.
Best introductory course out there to everyone
Very well explained and loved the lab exercise
It's best training course for beginner.Thanks.
Excellent course, detailed and well explained.
Great Learning....Course Material is excellent
Very informative and lab experience is awesome
Very nice explanation to basic concepts of GCP
Qwiklabs has been the best part of the course!
The course is very well organized and helpful.
Good overall coverage of options and use cases
Good Training with lots of best lab practices.
It's grate course for learning Cloud concepts.
Gentle hands-one introduction to GCP offerings
Course material and instructor is really good.
Well designed and integrated hands on examples
Good fundamentals of Google Cloud Architecture
Is very cool... Recommend for DevOps Enginners
great to know my weak part of the Google Cloud
Well paced, clear content and review sections!
Well manage Good contents. Easy to understand.
Very Much interactive course to start with GCP
good course to jump into Google Cloud platform
Very much interactive and informative sessions
Good overview of services with clear examples.
Perfectly paced for most kind of users I feel.
Good Course to start career in cloud computing
great content appreciate the course materials.
Awesome course that provides a great overview!
This course is best to know the basics of GCP.
It's quite good course with practical examples
Very good instructors. Lab was not very good.
excellent  material and very good explanation
Its pretty understandable and easy to follow.
Nice course with handson for GCP Fundamentals
Simple way to take the basic knowledge of GCP
Thanks for helping me  get this certifiacate!
Excellent course, awesome labs, thank you GCP
Simple introduction to Google Cloud Platform.
Excellent overview of Google's Cloud Platform
Good Course to understand Google Cloud Basics
Where should I click now for GCP Architector?
Very useful course and learn a lot of things.
Very good course. The tutor explain very well
Got a fair knowledge on Google Cloud Platform
Excellent overview of Google Cloud offerings!
A great introduction to the GCP Fundamentals.
Good and Effective Course for Infra Learners.
its a good course for initial overview of GCP
A good basic intro to all the services in GCP
Very good introduction to all aspects of GCP.
Excellent overview. Also the pace is awesome.
Awesome and very usefull course!!! Regards!!!
Amazing course with expandable knowledge....
Excellent, Labs are good with clear guidance
Excelent theorical videos and practice labs!
nice experience on kubernetes engine and GCP
This course is really helpful as a beginner.
Nice course to learn about GCP fundamentals!
greatly curated course for starting with GCP
It was great to use Kwiklabs alongside this.
Great contents. Each project was so helpful.
Great introduction to Google Cloud Platform.
Great way to get introduced to Google Cloud!
A pretty good overview with instructive labs
really easy to follow and interactive course
it's a very good experience with this Course
Thank you Very much. It was very informative
It is very nice and interesting. Thank you !
Whoooaa thanks for google your all the best.
Thank you cousera and Google for this course
Good course for basic introduction with GCP.
This is the best online classes organization
good course with nice hands-on via qwiklabs.
Nice introduction to GCP with practice labs!
Really helpful to understand the GCP program
great first experience to start learning GCP
was able to grasp more unknown information..
a very good and wonderful hand on experience
Very good insight into the GCP fundamentals.
Best ever course to get the knowledge of GCP
Great content covering brief overview of GCP
Well composed with practical implementation.
Excellent course structure and good overview
Contents are well managed and easy to adapt.
Great intro specially for newbies like me :)
Excellent easy to follow introduction to GCP
Very good course to understand and practice
learned a lot of things highly recommended.
really complete an clear course , i love it
Great content and interactive with hands on
Well explained with excellent hands on lab.
Very Good Learning Experience..!! :)  *****
very good and give me practical lab as well
Very informative  and its be great learning
Good overview of all of GCP's capabilities!
very useful. Labs well guided and oriented.
a great course and had a great experience .
Thanks!  very helpful and i learned a lot:)
Fantastic introduction to the Google Cloud!
Gained good knowledge, thanks for teaching.
good cources design material for beginners.
Training is very useful upgrading yourself.
it is good training as I attended & learned
very interactive training and lab materials
very informative material about fundamental
Nice explanation and clear understanding !!
very much interesting and learners friendly
a cool and easy way to check the GCP basics
Useful overview of GCP core infrastructure!
Amazing course and with labs to practice :)
very informative for an introductory course
Interesting intro cutting edge technologies
Thanks to Coursera and Google for trainigs.
That was good training and very informative
Very good Lectures and informative in depth
Everything fine but needs russian subtitles
very good steps for the basic understanding
Solid course to get you up and going on GCP
This is a great course for beginners of GCP
Great overview of the Google Cloud Platform
Great Course to learn google cloud use case
Excellent way of representation of slides..
Provides the  high level view of the GCP .
It was a great learning experience for me.
It was a great time that I spent learning.
Great introduction for the Core Infra GCP!
The Training was very good and interesting
Nice introduction to Google Cloud services
Really very good course with live practice
Great Introductory course on GCP services!
Introduction for knowing all the GCP tools
Quick and Informative Introduction to GCP.
good teaching and provides good facilities
Sufficiently challenging and not too long.
Better Experience than watching on youtube
It will help me lot for my future endavour
Good introduction to GCP service offerings
very useful, intractive and easy to access
Course is Good . Good learning experience.
Looking forward to mastering the platform!
Nice and comprehensive introduction course
Great course with easily digestible parts.
Very Good Introduction to GCP Fundamentals
Fantastic!!! Extremely Well Constructed!!!
Thanks for creating a course for understan
very nice course with supporting lab work
Very informative training to get started.
great course to make me understand Gcloud
Very well framed course content and Labs.
very  much informative and well explained
Great course,gained a lot of information.
I always get 67% in one lab, please check
Very Clear and Precise Tutorials and Labs
Very informative and good course to learn
Best course for learning GCP Fundamentals
Organised content and very Hand-on course
i really enjoyed the labs in the project.
Great course, very interactive and useful
it was good  and easiest way to learn GCP
when did i get certifiate for this course
gr8 leaning tutorials with lab exercises.
Enough to start getting familiar with GCP
Create Data Set was not so easily located
Thank you for the course. Really helpful.
A few updates needed in the later modules
I'm Happy to complete this course. Thanks
It's a very good start for exploring GCP.
Great Intro to the GCP Core Fundamentals.
It was a nice tutorial with lab excercise
Awesome course! Loved the lab activities.
well explained and pure to gain knowledge
Simply just what you need to get started.
helps me in under standing  about GCP !!!
Great material. Keep up the good work! :)
Nice intro to Google Cloud Infrastructure
Very intuitive, easy and straight forward
An Eye Opener on what is NEXT from GOOGLE
good to go for cloud platform .....thnks
Learnt so much new things in this course
Very Informative for experienced people.
I learned many things about Google Cloud
very good contents and practical lessons
Really good teaching and labs, well done
this course is complete and very usefull
It was quite informative and instructive
It is very good course to understand GCP
Its very details and interesting Course.
What a great Experience. i learned a lot
I had good experiance during this course
excellent course and very well explained
give more explanations on basic concepts
Great hands on overview of GCP platform.
Excellent training with a good overview.
Its easy and the practicals are awesome!
fun and very informative  courses on GCP
Great course, I loved the  real labwork!
Love the platform and overall experience
I am feeling this course is very useful.
Great overview of Google Cloud Platform!
To the point and elaborated lab sessions
A great introduction to the google cloud
It was very interesting and knowledgeble
very good course on skill development on
good course to start your gcp journey!!
Great primer for google cloud platform.
excellent course to learn basics of GCP
It was a wonderful learning experience.
Great course and lots of awesome topics
it was nice basic tour for gcp services
Extensive and a lot of practise. Good !
Teaching sytle was perfect for students
Good Experience with hands-on  training
Nice intro to GCP services and objects!
The best Online Course Experience Ever.
Very good content and hands on practice
Not everything but learnt something !!!
The course is fine but we need practice
Very nice and clear introduction to GCP
A great way to start learning about GCP
Excellent course with step by step Labs
Navigation and terms are understandable
Love it, especially the practice tests!
Excellent training and learing material
good combination of practise and theory
Good overview of what GCP is capable of
Very informative and structured course!
Really helpful and nice course. Thanks!
Excellent Introduction to GCP Platform!
thanks for shared the detailed overview
It took me longer than the design time.
Straight forward and insightful course.
well structured sessions and GCP labs .
Very good course to learn for beginners
course is very informative and friendly
Excellent course. All you need is here.
Great introduction.  Very motivational.
Good overview of all components of GCP.
Great overview of Google cloud platform
very well detailed course! recommended!
Excellent! very neat videos and labs...
Very nice content and delivery methods.
Great introduction, easy to understand.
Very easy to follow and labs are great!
great overview of Google Cloud Platform
Concise and instructive. What I needed.
The course is concise and knowledgeable
Good explanation to the core components
Great start up course with hands on lab
Fast and useful GC Fundamental overview
Nice course for getting overview of GCP
nice tutorials and precise explanations
Awesome course to ger started with GCP
Very good intro to Google Cloud World!
best experience Thank you so very much
Really great content and very didactic
Very good introductory course for GCP!
Excellent introduction to GCP. Thanks!
Very concise and understandable videos
Very informational and great labs too.
Thank you, it's a good starting course
This is really very good content based
Exceptional and well developed course.
Amazing Platform to improve the skills
Excellent course. Enjoyed my learning.
Good overview of the GCP capabilities.
Very Good Course but beginner category
Theory backed by hands-on was helpful.
gone through some pretty good sessions
The course helps in boosting my career
Excellent course to start in GCP world
Love it and love the way of quick labs
Little more hands could have been good
Great content and lab. Worth the time.
We could learn a lot from this course.
Great material with clear explanation!
Great overview.  Simple and well done!
well structured and Qwikilabs is great
Very foundational but necessary course
Well Organised and informative course!
Very well done, pleasant, informative.
Great course to get a over view of GCP
Excellent and very useful. Good design
Excellent demonstration of the course.
Very nice course for newbies in Cloud.
Really good course to give a go on GCP
Thank you Google and Coursera and Ron.
Very good course to start learning GCP
I enjoyed this course, GCP is powerful
Well planed course. Congratulations!!
Enjoyed. Short videos are the future.
Labs need QC. Overall a great course.
its awesome and very helpful beginner
really first-time nice experiance...!
All lessons were very easy to follow.
Pretty nice course, congratulations!!
The best course for cloud fundamental
it was an amazing learning experience
Good content for better understanding
So good, easy to understand and learn
Great overview with informative labs.
very well explained and good learning
very good movies and labs for lerning
Great Learning on the basics of GCP .
This course is good for the beginner.
Outstanding explanation and lab setup
very well done easy to use and learn.
Great course to get started with GCP!
Good presentation of the GCP concepts
Best Course to learn GCP fundamentals
good practice with good understanding
Very good class and practices for me.
Excellent coaching, thanks for Google
The course was fantastic. !! Loved it
Really very useful for the beginners.
well organized, and clearly presented
Good level for an introductory course
Very instructive and well documented.
Good start to the certification path.
Thanks so much for this useful course
Well organized and labs are flawless.
Excellent Training, comprehensive and
Excellent approach to GCP technology!
ExcellentVery clear and comprehensive
really good and comprehensive course
it's a very good course. I Loved It.
thanks google for such nice training
Absolutely engaging and informative.
very good intro for GCP Fundamentals
it was a great a learning experience
Good course content and instructors.
Excelent training for GCP core infra
I enjoyed Every moment of the course
Awesome Experience!  Great Learning!
Great course for technical beginners
Good course to start with GCP Basics
thanks very good introductory course
great course to get me going on GCP!
Particularly exhaustive but concise.
awesome to getting start the journey
This course helps me to overview GCP
Very easy to understand all services
It is wonderful course to learn GCP.
It's really wonderful and Awesome :)
Excellent Start to the GCP Programme
Very good training to start GCP cert
Great introduction to the GCP stack.
It was a nice learning experience!!!
one of the best course to learn GCP.
Awesome Course . Very well explained
Good starting course to get into GCP
Great introduction & overview of GCP
It was a great learning  experience.
Very thorough and gets to the point.
Excellent Quality Knowledge Delivery
Very good introduction for the GCP.
Very helpful and enjoyed the class.
An excellent course for a beginner.
Good to learn.Contents are too good
Good resource with challenging quiz
Great learning and nice experience.
Overall, this course was very good.
Best learning experience I ever had
Vedio & material is really helpful.
good course for learning gcp basics
Great Course of GCP for beginner's.
It was a great Learning experience.
Excellent platform for learning GCP
Quiklabs was an excellent resource!
course is very simple to understand
great course, great introduction to
Good Course to Learn about the GCP.
Very comprehensive course and labs.
good course to understand the basic
Very good overview of the platform.
Excelent course, quiz and hands on
I'm very happy in this movement :D
Good and easy to follow procedures
A good start for beginners in GCP.
Gives an overall picture about GCP
really informative and interesting
Very thanks for improving content.
Its a nice course for Introduction
Great help to get started with GCP
Extremely informative and hands-on
This course is very useful for me!
Lucid content. Easy to understand.
Good course to start off with GCP.
Perfect and neat training material
great overview of the fundamentals
Great overview of the GCP services
Nicely explained with descent pace
Nice platform and good information
Essential to learn deeper on GCP !
Great course. Lots of information.
Great intro to the Google Platform
Awesome !!!! Need more like this..
The concept was easy to understand
GCP fundamentals are well covered.
Excellent course to start with GCP
Very nice lectures and online labs
Hands on experience is really good
Great Course! I love this training
Good course to learn a lot of GCP.
Excellent starting point for cloud
Great introduction to GCP services
excellent. very good to start with
was a good intro to all the basics
Good , Simple to learn and pratice
Nice course with hands on exercise
when i can receive the certificate
Thanks for great content and labs!
Good learning material . Thanks!!!
Google and Coursera Team !!! Kudos
Awsome course and very helpful!!!
A great start with easy learning!
Very well explained and thorough.
There's a lots of thins to study.
Lecturers are explains very well.
Great overview of the technology!
Very good course material and lab
what a nice course with good labs
I am really satisfied,  Thank you
The content and lab was excellent
Really helpful and well explained
Exceptional Material and Training
The content and lab was very good
The course give a very good intro
thanks for your help and supporet
Great Course ! Big step into GCP!
Excellent to read and do the labs
Great course, so much information
Very detailed and well explained.
Good information and helpful labs
Gave an excellent overview of GCP
Good material, easy to understand
Excellent . Well Organized course
it is a very useful and necessary
Learned a lot about basics of GCP
Awesome, Many thanks to google !!
well structured with handon labs.
Fantastic course to begin with...
Excellent overview and great labs
Fast and precise! no round-around
its very use full and interesting
Great Learning & Great Experience
Good course to start with for GCP
Good fundamental course for GCP!
Excellent and very rich content.
The explanation is very clear~~!
loved it and very gud experience
Nice classes and very good Labs!
Good introductory course for GCP
Nice fundamental learning course
An excellent introduction to GCP
Very good nice platform to learn
It's good content to learn easy.
This is amazing training for GCP
Good with lab session and theory
i have very enjoy in this course
Really useful and informational!
Great!! Thanks Coursera & Google
Awesome course to start with GCP
Awesome course and explanation..
Perfect to start Cloud Architect
Extremely happy with the content
Good hands on fundamental of GCP
Best course ever... very helpful
very informative and good course
Wow what a great course thankyou
A good initiation for all levels
I like the rhythm of the course.
Good overview of all the topics.
Nicely structured and explained.
Very Good experience of learning
bq traning scope did not show up
Great syllabus and instructors!!
Great introduction and overview!
Great tutorial for GCP beginner.
Great content and explanation...
Very nice training on core infra
Great resources and explanations
Super informative and practical.
Good introduction to GCP basics
Enjoyable and clearly delivered
Awesome pattern of preparation!
its awesome  for cloud platform
very Good practice and learning
Good Introductory class to GCP!
Thankyou for an awesome course.
EXCELLENT..I have learnt a lot.
Great experience, work in Cloud
vvv good better the expectation
Very nicely explained tutorials
A fantastic introduction to GCP
Very good - learnt  many things
Very useful course,learnt a lot
Thanks Google for this platform
Amazing course, I learned alot!
Excellent way to understand GCP
Great overview of the platform.
I love it, i will keep learning
it was very amazing experiance.
It is rely helpful . thanks all
Nice course and well explained.
Simple and clear with goo labs.
Good global introduction to GCP
This course is more interested.
its good to learn something new
Very good content for beginners
Very nice course with hand-ons!
Very good introduction into GCP
Good course on GCP Fundamentals
Great material, well explained.
Excelent starting point to GCP.
Good course with effective labs
Really interesting and engaging
Pretty good introduction course
Great course. Very informative.
Thanks for very clear overview.
It gives a good overview of GCP
The Course is really Excellent
Very thorough and informative.
Awesome details. very helpful.
Thanks a lot. Excellent course
Very well organised and useful
Nice overview of the services.
Very well structured and clear
very helpful and awesome tutor
very good introduction to GCP.
Excellent training on the GCP.
Self Explanatory and Precise!!
v good for refreshing memories
Good learning and Lab exercise
Great, concise overview of GCP
Thanks for the awesome course!
Wonderful learning experience.
Excellent Learning Experience.
Useful, well-structured course
great course, so much to learn
It was a wonderful experience!
Great Course for Google Cloud!
Excellent learning methodology
Basics are thoroughly covered.
great overview of GCP products
Well structured, good overview
Great starting course with GCP
Great course to start with GCP
Good content and lab sessions.
good basics about google cloud
Course is good and informative
A great starting point for GCP
Thank you for this course ...
THAT WAS A AMAZING EXPERIENCE
New knowledge, it's very good
Very good introduction to GCP
it was very usefull plateform
Great learning experience ...
very good point to start with
I love learning in Course era
Great platform and materials!
im lovin it <3 thanks google.
clear and easy to understand.
perfact to me for base of GCP
it ws very wonderful to learn
This enlightens me sooo much!
Wonderful Experience Overall.
Awsome!!! Lecture ever tried.
Very thorough overview of GCP
Amazing Experience of my life
Very Good Introduction to GCP
Excellent Course.Helped a lot
Simple, clear and informative
i enjoy the course, thank you
excellent introduction to GCP
Really good for professional.
well organized and systematic
Thank you for the opportunity
Fantastic and easy to keep up
I like that course very much!
Recommended for the beginners
good chance to know about GCP
Thank you, Very Useful course
Good Learning/Lab Experience.
Good start for GCP functions.
It gives a great foundation .
The course was really awesome
Great! It is very helpful for
very good course to learn gcp
Great and informative course!
Fantastic learning experience
thank you very much coursera
Great experience. Thank you.
Amazing learning experience!
Excellent course, thank you!
One of the best courses ever
everything is explained well
Precise and quality content.
very nice teaching system...
it was really nic experience
A very comprehensive course!
Awesome hands on experience!
Overall very good experience
Nice course for learning GCP
Good to learn GCP concept  .
this is a very good training
Wonderful Intro into the GCP
Nice presentation and topics
This is fun and very useful!
it was an awesome experience
Awesome course from coursera
Excellent flow of the course
Its great for the beginners.
Simple and to the point-ish.
Awesome introduction to GCP!
Very Informative and Usefull
Good overview course on GCP.
very good fundamental course
A good course for beginners.
This is indeed Very Detailed
Very good, GCP is fantastic.
Nice Course To Start With...
Very Good and worth learning
Very good introduction class
It was awesome, learnt alot.
Very interesting and useful!
very clear and good examples
Great course and great labs.
experience was very awesome
its very informative course
Excellent job in the course
Very accessible, thank you!
Thanks for providing course
Very good foundation on GCP
Very Satisfied with course.
a well very designed course
Very Informative and Useful
Lots of new info, liked it!
I learn fundamentals of GCP
Excellent learning platform
Excellent. thank you Google
good lab as wll as concepts
The course is incredible!!!
amazing course for beginner
Good Introduction with Labs
Pretty cool, great material
Very Helpful..Much learning
I am able to host websites.
Absolutely worth the time .
great for starting with GCP
The Course was very helpful
Awesome and Great Learning!
Great course very polished.
good tutorial for basic GCP
Love the hands on mixed in!
Nice well structured course
ample hands on lab practice
Solid and clear intro info.
Good for Starting IT career
this courses are too long ~
Amazing, i like the course.
Good one for Fundamentals !
A nicely paced intro to GCP
Outstanding and thank you!
Hands-on AND high-level :)
Great introduction to GCP.
it was amazing experience.
clear, complete and simple
NIce and Bold, Thank You !
Good content for beginners
Precise and Clearly Course
It was a very nice course!
Great introduction to GCP.
Very nice vedio tutorials.
good initial course on GCP
Good learning for beginner
Good course for beginners.
Very nice introduction!!!!
This was an awesome course
Good Course, Easy to learn
Thanks for helpful course.
Nice but takes lot of time
Great GCP beginners course
good contents to start GCP
Great course to learn GCP!
Good stuff! Great overview
Great Intro into GCP world
Great high level overview.
Nice course, I learn a lot
A good introduction to GCP
Thank you, amazing course!
Excelent review of the GCP
Very..Good and Informative
Great quickly introduction
Simple easy to understand
informative and objective
Good and very informative
A great experience in GCP
Good Course for beginners
Well Done!  Good content!
Nice Course to start with
Great course for starters
very helepfull the course
Great introduction to GCP
Great Learning Experience
It's a cool applications!
almost cleared all doubts
Very easy to use overview
Excellent Lab and Traning
Best and concise material
Good Course Thank you !!!
Good explanation and labs
Great Learning experience
Great intro to GCP course
very good and interesting
Great Introduction to GCP
Very good course material
Best course for beginner.
awsm course it help allot
Good instructor. Precise.
Very complete and useful
it really helps me alot!
great initial immersion!
a new kind of experience
LAB experience was great
The course is wonderful.
Provides a good foudatio
Amazing and useful class
A great learning module.
Thanks for the knowledge
Very Intresting session.
Really loved the course.
Awesome way to learn GCP
great place to learn GCP
Very helpful, thank you!
Nice introduction to GCP
good introduction of GCP
Very good.. very usefull
Very good course content
I love this learning way
So good course and labs!
The lab worked perfectly
Good start to learn GCP!
Thank you it was perfect
Thank you, Worthy course
Best introductory of GCP
It's very usefull curse!
good course to go for!!
I learned lot about GCP
thaks for certification
Very Effective learning
This is awesome course.
Nice info for beginners
Indeed, learned a lot !
very intrasting  topics
most heichhi course ta.
having nice information
it was excellent cource
I love it, Thank you <3
Super awesome material!
Great explained lessons
Fantastic course so far
Great and long course!!
great course great labs
Well explained, Thanks.
Learned a lot about GCP
Mind blowing Experience
great thank you so much
Very, very nice course!
great learning , thanks
Great course. Thank you
very interesting course
Very informative topic.
Excellent way to learn.
Properly Introduces GCP
very useful information
Very well structured...
Always sign out in labs
Really impresive course
It was very informative
Good intro and overview
Awesome way of learning
Nice overview.  Thanks!
It's a wonderful course
Great for new GCP users
Very good introduction!
Good start to learn GCP
A well-designed course!
Great....Amazing Course
Great, awesome course.
good foundation course
Great hands-on course!
Detailed explanations.
Thanks for free course
Quite Self explanatory
its was a great course
It's bore video wkwkwk
Great content and lab.
Learn Learn Learn! Now
Great induction course
Thanks for every thing
great qwiklabs handson
Solid overview of GCP.
Learnt a lot of basics
Great Opportunities :)
for newcomers is good!
nice and good practice
Good one to start with
It's very good for me.
useful for test taking
Great starting course.
Teachers are very good
A good starting point.
Great way to learn GCP
Simple, easy  awesome
enjoy the full course
Fantastic Learning!!!
trainers were awesome
Awesome experience!!!
Covers all the basics
The course was good.!
Very effective course
Outstanding  course..
Fluent and easy to go
good lab for learning
it's a great course!!
Great learning for me
loved the lab classes
The courses was great
This was very helpful
It is well organized,
Very good the course.
Its great experience.
Thanks very very nice
Great overview of GCP
Thank you for basics!
Very good experience.
Perfect clarification
Very Good Introuction
well grained lectures
Good course to start.
Really Good Content!
Very nice. Thank you
really good learning
Awesome Content !!!!
pretty good coverage
really learned a lot
Really well organize
very interactive one
It is a good course!
Thanks & Regards....
good source to learn
Nice course.. thanks
Good overview of GCP
Very use full course
Absolutely fantastic
nice course. thank u
One week, Seriously?
The course was great
Thanks for the help!
Success.Love.Family.
Good for new learner
its's very practical
industrial based lab
Liked it, thank you.
Amazing intro course
good and informative
Thanks it was great.
Great starter course
Good new one in GCP.
Highly appreciated.
Enjoyed every bit..
good teaching skill
great courser , thx
Very Good Training!
It was good, thanks
thanks for learning
Easy to Understand.
Very Great contents
Thank u very useful
Very good tutorials
I love this session
Great intro to GCP!
Highly interactive!
such a great course
learnt a lot thanks
Labs were terrific!
good it is helpfull
thats a good course
J'ai appris beacoup
Good Course Content
the cource was good
Amazing expperience
everything was good
Wonderfully crafted
Nice course! Thanks
Nice intro. Thanks!
Great way to learn.
Wonderful training!
i will be continued
Highly recommended.
I've learned a lot.
thank you so much.
It was informative
Awesome Training!!
Really good Course
IT'S A NICE COURSE
very nice learning
awesome experience
Very good learning
Great intro to GCP
Good Start on GCP!
Exceptionally Good
Nice i learned lot
Very good tarining
Excellent Training
Awesome Experience
Good. it's helpful
i like this course
really cool course
This Is Amazing!!!
Pretty good Course
Very good course.!
Great option learn
Was relay useful..
OVERALL IT IS GOOD
Good for Begineers
Nice, thank you !!
Clear and helpful!
Nice inside of GCP
Clear intro to GCP
It was really good
Really good intro.
great intro to GCP
super informative
it is best course
A Great Learning.
Excellent it was.
very good content
Very good courses
Very satisfactory
good to learn GCP
nice courses awww
really nice stuff
BEST of its kind!
knowledge gaining
Awesome knowledge
learned new stufs
Very Nice courses
love the lab part
very interresting
Precise and Clear
Excelent Training
wonderful course!
Thanks to Google
It is wonderful.
A helpful course
Nicely organised
excellent it was
Good Lab Work...
very much useful
Very interactive
Amazing contains
Great Content !!
Well structured.
Awesome till now
Awesome Class!!!
Great instructor
Great for Basics
perfect trainnig
thanks google :)
Great Course !!!
Good explanation
Basic, but good.
Very good start!
It's really cool
very good coarse
Nice and helpful
Great Course <3
Really good one
Great Course!!.
easy, and clear
Nicely designed
It feels great.
Hands on course
The best course
Very neat stuff
Thanks coursera
Great contents.
awesome session
Good to start !
cool, good info
Crisp and clear
Great. Concise.
Very Satisfied
good education
very good time
new experience
Hard but great
nice and sweet
it's awesome !
Simply awesome
it is very fun
Good Knowledge
verygoodcourse
good refresher
Learned a lot!
great course !
Great Coursera
It was awesome
GCP Networking
well organized
Nice overview!
good course :)
Really useful.
Good overview!
I’m on cloud 9
Wellstructured
Good training
AwesomeCourse
It was great.
Thats Awesome
Good Training
Interactive +
thats awesome
nice to learn
a ggod course
This was good
Good material
Good lecture
Overall Good
Clearcontent
Usefull info
good lecture
Great lesson
Great cource
THANK YOU :)
good courses
Good One !!!
Learned alot
Very cool!!!
A good intro
expectional
Cool Course
good start.
GOODlearing
Thisiscreat
Incredible!
Empowering!
great intro
Good bases
Super Cool
Perfect!!!
good intro
Thank You!
Sehr cool!
Interested
it's neat!
Completed
its good.
great one
Satisfied
TopShick
LIked it
Worth it
Intutive
Is great
its nice
Thanks!
Greatt
Top.
