Course is good but it’s not sharing any certification. It’s required now to additional cost. Looks like some kind of scam going on. After investing 5 hours you need to do another 5 and than you get certification and pay more fees. No one from Coursera to support on this
I need to cancel this course
Was basically an extended advert for Google Cloud Product. No technical information at all; definitely something for the most un-technical managers
The course is very clear but rather expensive for its content. This kind of course should be fully funded by Google as there is no benefit for the student if he does not use Google products.
Great course. It allows you to understand the fundamentals of Google Cloud, it’s basic with good analogies to help understand technical concepts.The only negative point is that sometimes the trainers speak too fast and it can make it difficult to process all the information (some times you might want to rewatch the videos)
This really gave me insights about how google cloud products help organizations to minimize the costs and maximize the productivity also got good info about how to best utilize the resources inside the organization.
I wasn't expecting a technical course but a bit more detailed information about GCP offerings wouldn't hurt. Still, good course for non-technical professionals who hava no idea of cloud technologies
Thank You Brother and Sister I have gained knowledge what happening around the Google Thanks for learning this opportunity and have given special platform to us.
Its a very good course to learn about google clouds and to know how we can grow our business or organization with the help of GCP.
Great job by google by introducing  this course.Learnt more about google cloud products such as Compute Engine,G suite etc.,
Its quite easy paced and with good examples to get some basic intro to various GCP offerings.
Gives a good overview of the GCP and various cloud computing concepts of scalability
light coverage over a fairly broad range of items.
Great course and well-experienced lectures.
You get Basic knowledge about GCP.
Eases you in GCP.
Great content, clear concepts and great practical examples
Understand total cost of ownership
Great course, lots of useful information
This course is very good for anyone looking to lock down or learn about the fundamentals of google cloud platform and what one can achieve with it. In these few weeks it has helped me not to only understand the fundamentals but has given me the basics I need to know to choose the right service on google cloud.
The course helped me to understand the way I can move to cloud platforms with more ease . The cloud infrastructure eases our job but the usage must be utilized and completely monitored.
Course very well done and well cared for, too bad there are no translations in Italian. For all video lessons and tests or to do a translation first manually and then follow the course.
Very well explained. Easy to grasp and understand with examples. Very useful in the business objectives of a start-up I am planning using Google products
Amazing Course and easy to understand the GCP products and tools and how they will improve the IT infrastructure and data management in any business.
It  has been a great experience to join this course and complete it as well.I learned many new things during this session .  Thank  you!!
It has been a great experience to join this course and complete it as well . I learned many new things during this session . Thank You !!
Thank you so much for this course! I've learned a lot and definitely a great help in our Company's Digital Transformation journey.
The course is too good and i recommend everyone to take it!! The animation, analogies used are very good and easy to understand!!
Good for beginners but you need to know basics of cloud computing and traditional computing or data center/ infrastructure.
All the videos were very well described and easily understandable. It had great knowledge and a lot of information.
The course is really great It introduced me the latest technology of google in the cloud application sector.
awesome training materials and real world examples to understand much better way, thank you.
Happy to complete this amazing course on the GCP Fundamentals !Thanks to the great mentors !
Very Interactive Course.I have learned more from this Google Cloud Product Fundamentals.
This is a good course to understand Google Cloud Product from a Managerial perspective.
very nice course to understand the basics of GCP and the general info for a manager :)
This course was really excellent and it help us to understand the cloud very easily.
I'm not english native so some assessment questions are not immediate understanded
I hope to learn more about the comparisons among GCP, AWZ, Microsoft Azure.
Awesome Resource persons, and great flow of concepts. Thanks a lot !
Awesome presentation and course material. Simple yet powerful.
Great walk though to GCP and ways to acquire skills in GCP.
It is very good info about cloud product fundamentals
This was a very informative and worthwhile course.
awesome experience with u guys . Enjoyed learning
Short and informative course..LIked it!!
important subtitles in spanish, thanks
Great insight to Google Cloud Products
a good brief course on cloud
it was good teach of google
Showing main points of GCP.
Learn about many things
A great first overview
was very interesting
Excellent Learning
Straight forward
Very nice class
I learn a lot
too easy
