Seriously? Don't. What will you learn. Not much of interest. The testing questions are irrelevant. Like important learning is what 5 out of 7 materials were used to make some boots. They get ideas in the middle and change the course to suit. Like let's all now take pictures of our personal fashion and submit. Not. At the end a peer assesed essay determines if you pass. You get to write it again and again until you get 80%. Seriously? What qualifies these people to determine your pass? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. I suggest Coursera look closer at the content of this course. I did it for "fun", didn't pay. If I had paid I'd be demanding my money back.
i like dz course but i taught u said the certificate is free why are u pple reqyuesting for money b4 i can print my cert
not interested
Not my type .
to much reading
Although I found most of what was featured in the course interesting, and it allowed me to approach fashion from a more academic perspective for the first time, I feel there are some areas where it falls short slightly. Due to the course being based on an exhibition, I sometimes felt as though I wasn't really exploring the topic as much as I would have liked, as if I was just paying to go through the exhibition, rather than through a course. The way that everything was peer-assessed and reviewed is, while a good idea, sometimes a bit irritating as I would spend lots of time and effort forming a (hopefully!) insightful reflection, and would look at other people's submissions to see one-word answers. It felt a bit strange that I ended up getting the same certificate from the course as another person despite putting in a lot more effort. I would have liked my thoughts (or at least the final essay) to be seen by a professional, so I could actually improve my writing skills and knowledge of fashion. However, I fully understand that it would really be impossible to allow this for the thousands of people taking the course- I think this may be more of a flaw with my expectations rather than one of the course itself. I also thought there was a slight disconnect between the nature of the course week-by-week and the final essay. The multiple choice knowledge questions, quizzing us on dates and names doesn't match up to the final essay, which was very self-reflective and quite subjective in nature.
The information presented is good, I especially enjoyed the footage from presentations held at MoMa. Unfortunately, every week ends the same when it comes to the reflective stage (same questions, pretty generic) and I feel this steals us from the possibility to better internalize the information.
I found the topics discussed and the various themes very interesting. However, as somebody having worked for a short period in the fashion world, this course offered very little in-depth knowledge. I would recommend it to people who want to become familiar with the industry, but not to people who already have basic knowledge since this course doesn't offer more than basic knowledge.
I found this the most disappointing of the courses I have taken at MOMA during lockdown.  There didnt seem to be much focus or discipline on some of the weeks with everything thrown in willy nilly - plus some rather weird features, like the australian designer from RMIT who designs outfits for dead people. And why would you dedicate NINETEEN minutes to door knocker earrings??!! So I would only rate this 3 out of 5 (being generous because I loved some of the videos eg the couture theme Savile Row tailor and the final week biker jacket with LED lights)
It is a good start for the fashion field, to learn fashion history and the today's fashion and backgrounds. but if you are looking for something in the next level this course won't be sufficient to improve skills.
This is nice course .and we learn alot from this course .we learn to create new ideas through this course.this is nice app and nice course.
Please add something other than items at some point it feels repetitive. Or make it interesting somehow towards the middle.
The course material is good but it doesn't give much opportunity to test the learning, it is very less interactive.
Good intro for fashion
Interesting insights.
Good course
It would really help if the professors themselves could review our subjective assignments.
The course is very interesting for those, who is connected to the fashion industry in one way or another. However I expected to have more information about life-circle of clothes: how it is produced, what exactly happens after an item is thrown away etc.
The course was quite interesting though there were sections that were repetitive. As a instructor myself, I understand why one would set up lessons in this manner. A few of the videos were too lengthy. My favorite section of the course was the in-depth look at the suit manufacturing on Sevile Row in London. I hope to take more courses through MoMA and want to thank you for this opportunity.
Very enjoyable course but I feel like it was heavily based on the exploration on items instead of waves of movements. Week 7 was the best week with the most actual questioning and exploration into fashion and deeper meaning. All in all, I still enjoyed it and learned a lot about the history of various clothing items. Edit: Very high quality sources for videos and articles!
I am very happy that this course was offered and that you let so many different people have their say. However, I personally found some (only a few) contributions poorly structured and not very enlightening. One for example was the video "Designer
Kerby Jean-Raymond on the Hoodie". I think that this video was not well done (for example: I did not like the scrolling part).
I really liked the idea of making this course for us students to  get to know about fashion sitting home as it fulfils the demand of giving knowledge and inspiration to young brains I honestly learned quite a things from here about its origin and evolution history is always interesting how that thing comes in fashion and all so for me I loved the idea of studying it
I really enjoyed the course but am still waiting on corrections for to my grades to weeks 4, 5 & 6 quizzes.  I have included detailed problems in the flag for comment file about the items that are effecting my grade negatively.  Otherwise the overall content was very good and enjoyable. I would feel good about suggesting the program to others.
What is really awesome and enlightening about this course is the approach to fashion items through their own design and the message for which they were created or have been used for. Each piece of clothing contains a sort of secret that we can discover or re discover in this course.
Nice selection of garments as examples and discussion points. Excellent points made through the whole course as to the modern discussions happening in the fashion world. Good introduction into thinking about fashion as a design discipline.
I really enjoyed learning about the history of clothes and other items which are so familiar to us nowadays, but that have been considered a scandal or inappropriate in the past. The videos were my favorite part of the course.
Interesting if uneven coverage of the concept. The design element got lost almost entirely. The idea got away from the original premise, but this is not surprising given the enormity of the undertaking. Fun, but underwhelming.
These weeks have contribute to my knowledge in fashion history. It as also helped me to appreciate way more each piece of garment and from know on, I'll keep researching on the course themes. Thanks!
Gives an in depth view to the exhibition's items and their history- leaving you with a changed perspective on your own wardrobe, however, there is a big focus on the exhibition's items only
It is an interesting course which you can know the history and shift of meanings of fashion items. I really learn a lot through it.
I am not a person who likes to read a lot so I'd like more video and less reading. But that's still an amazing course thank you.
I am thankful to the Fashion as design team I really want to appreciate All and thanks Coursera to provide us like this course's
Great insights about iconic pieces of fashion and their connection with humanity - yesterday, today, and tomorrow!
Very interesting and well-built. Got to know many things I didn't imagine about lifecycle and history of clothes!
wonderful course that has taught me the history of fashion and made me understand the stories behind fashion
It was an interesting to learn but for those who can't afford it would be nice to receive a certificate.
i really had good experience learning fashion as design . it really add values to my wardrobe .
i really got to know what are deep wonderful things that we never see in designs and clothes.
It changed the way I viewed fashion and has instilled a sense of sustainable responsibility.
Made me think about fashion in a different light. There is so much more than meets the eye.
well organized and easy to learn course. Thanks to all the organizers of this course.
interesting.  Has a lot of reading and you need to read it or you won't pass quizzes.
I have completed the course but unable to find option to get certificate
This course was good but there was slightly to much reading.
just understood, Fashion with different eyes..!
Interesting, inspiring and recommendable.
Good but a bit easy.
This course is excellently taught and very engaging, I have enjoyed it immensely and cant wait to do further courses produced by MOMA! Great course, I would highly recommend it :)
I really recommend everyone to take this course! I have learned so much throughout these 7 weeks and I now have a different perception about many different things! Thank you
“A frog in a well cannot discuss the ocean, because he is limited by the size of his well. A summer insect cannot discuss ice, because it knows only its own season. A narrow-minded scholar cannot discuss the Tao, because he is constrained by his teachings - ZhuangziI am a fashion enthusiast, I love colors, weaves, drapes, patterns. but my knowledge is very limited. with all this struggle I entered into the middle age with no acquired knowledge in my favorite subject. when I opted to join this course I didn't know anything about MOMA, I thought that 'fashion as design means they might teach fashions and designs, like a crow with one eye view I saw two words fashion and design and jumped into this course. but here the scenario is entirely different. I did my Ph.D. and post-doctoral in literature, I am a freelance journalist and writer. so it is very much obvious for me to have enthusiasm in history. exactly there this course connected to me. how much I enjoyed this course I cannot explain in words. MoMA by giving its hand helped me to come out of my well. prepared me to see the sea. what I truly appreciate MoMA is its nature of rebellious progressive attitude . in each and every seminar  I observed that the resource persons are from various corners.   in India, I  usually observe suppressed communities wearing suits either occasionally or when to address very simple gatherings where that is very unusual to upper classes  . recently I had to watch a movie. the protagonist in that movie is from the lower caste, he always wears a coat even in sultry summers  ..when a person questions about this he answers that there is much difference between Gandhi wearing kollayi ( simple khadi fabric to wrap around) Ambedkar wearing a suit. this difference is all about the caste equation. likewise, designer Kerby Jean- Raymond, in his PowerPoint presentation when he googled ''a black in hoodie '' the pictures that appeared on the internet really made me get shocked. The fifth-week topic lifecycle also made me aware of the truth that how much pollution these garments manufacturing industries are making especially the truth that jeans can occupy an increasingly problematic space. and the awareness that 80% of women labor is receiving very low wages is heart-wrenching. and designer and scholar Pia Interlandi's invention ''little black death dress'' is really thought-provoking. this is an unending list actually because the topics picked by MoMA are truly amazing. now coming to the point -a reflection of my wardrobe, I would like to explain how my perception has been changed by Hari Neff's approach of unisex fashion and gender binary. before listening to Neff I always chose my clothes with feministic enlightenment . in India modesty and culture bearers are always women. men from every corner of India wear only pants and shirts unless they are from very remote areas. on the contrary to male dressing patterns, women use to carry their culture on their shoulders with various types of dressing, and undetachable ornaments. as a thorough learner of feminism, I thought that wearing a traditional saree is really feminine, it controls movement and it shows sexuality. instead of saree I preferred women to wear pant shirts.. yes under the influence of bra-burning feminism. but now after reading ''the unisex project and Le smoking '' I came to a big realization that what we were thinking about these masculine pant shirts, suits are really not unisex they were taken the form of men's wear, adapted for women's wear. finally, I caught the point that Hari Neff talked about ... it's true if a woman gains power, dominance from dawning a man suit then how sustainable is that a power source? it is true clothes are just for 'clothes ' sake. what we have to do is'' looking at the people in the clothes, and what they are doing ,. a gesture, a personality ''and finally what our bodies are doing in those clothes. finally like Hari Neff I gave up the thought of whole clothes thing. what I am wearing is not important, how much confidence I have as a woman in this male dominant world is more important. one another thing that touches deep down of my heart is Bernard Rudofsky's statement of 1944 - '' the female figure is redesigned from time to time, like furniture or automobile bodies. I do not look like how I was twenty years back, not even two years back. it keeps on changing irrespective of my hard efforts to be in the shape that the fashion market implies to be. the urges and cravings of certain foods and toughest decisions of not consuming them are really horrible day to day wars. I have a few favorite dresses from two years back . to fit into them I am fighting to suppress my hunger pangs.but if we closely think about this it appears what Rudofsky said is true and as the sun rises in the east that female figure is redesigned from time to time. when I think in this context kawakubo 1997 spring/summer collection ''body meets dress, dress meets the body - and become one '' appealed to me a lot. yes we are not for dress, the dress is for us, for our comfort. finally, I am very happy to acknowledge the truth that I have enjoyed this course very much, and it changed my perception towards so many issues, it made me get enlightened, to get aware. thanks a thousand times to MOMA.thanks a lot. We need enlightenment, not just individually but collectively, to save the planet. We need to awaken ourselves. We need to practice mindfulness if we want to have a future we want to save ourselves and the planet.--Thich Nhat Hanh
Highly practical and ambitious material challenging us to think about the current landscape of fashion, as well as the future, and how we can improve the the industry with sustainable practices.
I really enjoyed this course. It opened my thoughts and provide a lots of new inspiration. I always wanted to learn about fashion and what goes into garment making. It was great to hear from so many different speakers and their experiences. It  shows how people view what you wear and what message we send to others. Fashion can be bold, can be subtle but to make it who we are as a human being is truly liberating.
Brilliant course. Eye - opening. It gave me the language to describe some of my views on fashion which I never even knew existed. Looking forward to more fashion courses from MoMA!
Highly recommend this course to anyone! It provided me with a new way to view my own wardrobe, pick my outfits, and evaluate how my subconscious notions towards articles of clothing are shaped. Although there is a huge emphasis on sustainability in fashion schools, tracing the history of fashion provides insight in how to spread awareness of sustainability surrounding fashion to the general public.
This course is so informative for ANYONE who's interested in Fashion, whether you're a professional in the field or an amateur fan like me. I enjoyed every weekly course. I'm now returning to NYC to hopefully visit the MoMA and look at their collection through this research team's eye and with the knowledge I've acquired during these month and a half.
I really enjoyed this course. I love the facts and new things I have learned about garments and items that I use in my every day life but also other objects from other cultures.
I had high expectative in this course. It has fulfilled my expectations completely, but not only that, I have found what I was looking for and more; an amazing  perspective about clothes and their history and the future of garment. Connections with some garments and culture that I didn't know that exist. I have started to understand High Couture somehow, which I used to think about like What is this supposed to be created for?. I am very thankful to Paola Antonelli, Michelle Millar Fisher, Stephanie Kramer and Anna Burckhardt for these amazing course and the rest of the people who made this course posible. Maybe one day I could watch at my wardrobe and Identify my personal 111(or less) Items and be proud and know everything about them and about why do I want to be wearing that.  Thank you!
I began the course thinking would be just focused in aesthetic, I always saw fashion and art together but but separeted of the politic or not with the same conotation until this course, like separeted pieces but after this course I can more clearly that we are all connected in different ways to think, to buy, to build, o create, to pay and the impacts of any decision for the rest of the world. Im really impressed and proud of the content.
It's a great course not only for fashion lovers, but anybody interested in history, design, activism or sustainability. I subscribed just for fun, but got so much new knowledge and inspiration!
This course was an amazing experience. Every lecture, every video an the interviews were like complements to my past knowledge about fashion. Thanks to MoMa and Coursera!
This was a wonderful overview of fashion and clothing. I was not aware of so much information behind what I wear and choose not to wear. Fashion as Design is the course everyone should start with regardless of their career course or interests. Clothing we all wear, and what it is, why we wear, who designs, creates, recreates, where it comes from before it reaches us, and how we fit into the tapestry of what clothing is, should be learned by everyone. I would love to continue with courses like this course and learn more about other types of design like textile design, furniture or houses. Thank you to Paola Antonelli, Michelle Millar Fisher, Stephanie Kramer, and all the other students of the course. I learned so much from you all. I hope to one day return the gift. Be well, and be creative.
I really loved this course. I've learned so much about some items that I didn't have any idea. It's great to see the other side of fashion, that one that it is not the one we are used to. The course reveals the social side of fashion, fashion as an expression, as a weapon to survive, as a cultural tool.
I would highly recommend this course for someone passionate about the industry. It's an Insightful course too deepen inside the fashion world, through history, identity, sustainability, and much more.
Thank you Fashion as Design team for creating this wonderful course! I have learned so many new things and increased my awareness of the true cost of fashion. I had no idea fashion was the second most polluting industry in the world, that it consumed so much energy and water and how it contributed to climate change and water pollution. I had stopped buying clothes for a while now because I have enough for my needs but if and when I do need something new I'm only going to buy second-hand clothing because I cannot in good conscience purchase anything new knowing the terrible social and environmental impact it has on the world. This course has completely changed how I look at fashion and what I will purchase in future. I love everything I own but now I value and appreciate them so much more. I did not know that you could grow your own clothes and that was such a cool thing to learn about. It's wonderful to know that sustainable alternatives to non-recyclable textiles and animal-derived leather is being produced. I loved the merging of technology with fashion as seen in Asher Levine's biker jacket prototype. All in all, this was an amazing course.
I enjoyed the course content and would like to learn more. There were issues with the Coursera website, I could not see what I had submitted and I found connecting with fellow students impossible. No feedback other than pass or fail makes one feel distanced from MoMa - I now realise that the content is supplied by MoMa but the course credit is from Coursera which seems to be a processing house rather than a place of learning. The final assessment is done by Peers so it's a bit hit and miss. It could just be this particular course, perhaps others have more professional feedback. I would think about paying for the certificate, I did but does it mean anything other than I answered the quizzes correctly? A bit disappointing but I am still glad that I did it.
This was a great course - interactive, with stories that make concepts easy to understand and memorise. It changed the way I looked at fashion and now I'm more aware not only at my fashion choices, but on how they influence the environment and people around the globe.
Excellent course.  It expanded my knowledge on how art and fashion are intertwined. Most importantly it helped me see the possibilities in sustainability in the fashion industry and the environmental footprint fashion creates
Excellent introduction to the world of fashion -- its history, designers, their design motivations and philosophies.  This is done through readings, interviews and videos highlighting  a wide range of selected garments and accessories.  Many important themes such as heroes, expression, modesty, silhouettes and couture are covered in conjunction with the items.  More information on the items items discussed can be found in the exhibition catalog, Items: Is Fashion Modern? which is written by two of the instructors, Paola Antonelli and Michelle Millar Fisher (Museum of Modern Art, New York, 2018). If you are a serious student of fashion or one who is just beginning to explore its complexities, this catalog is an terrific addition to your library
I learned so much in this course that I didn't even know I was interested in. If you even have the slightest interest in fashion, this is the course for you. I learned so many new interesting things about fashion that I wouldn't have even thought of before (the design process, history of garments, the cultural significance of garments, etc.). I would easily take it again and actually just might do so haha. I really cannot give this course enough praise. The additional resources and teaching methods (a combination of videos, interviews, readings) really allowed me and inspired me to explore so many areas outside of the course. They offer such a wealth of knowledge that I could do endless research.
As a fashion design major, I was still blown away by the contents and depth of this course. This course walked me on a journey of 110 garments and accessories that have shaped cultures, society, and individual expression. I learned about the history as well as the contextual reference of each item and was asked to reflect on my own clothing's significance as well. I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to understand and be able to communicate the deeper meaning of why and why we wear what we do.
Excellent. I thoroughly enjoyed it and recommended it to many. I am a mature student ( 55) and after this, I really feel I want to study a masters in fashion sustainability. Thanks for inspiring me.
I really enjoyed the entire course. The themes and issues presented were thought-provoking and insightful.
I don't work in the fashion industry and have never studied anything remotely art related but I've always been interested in fashion and seeing as I had more time on my hands during COVID-19, I decided to immerse myself in learning about fashion. This course was perfect for learning about fashion history, the who, where, what, why and how of fashion and also gave a great insight into sustainability and ethics around fashion which no doubt every fashion course should include! I feel like i've learnt so much around the theoretical side of fashion. Now bring on the practical!
Thank you for opening up a broader picture of fashion design, many times when you talk about "fashion" you only think about what is trend during the summer or fall, or why you visit outdated. Actually, the course taught me to have a more artistic perspective on the course, a provider of my knowledge from the origin of fashion, the meaning of the garments, the identities they have, their meaning and their enormous potential expression. The course has changed my thinking about fashion design, in which I now see it more deeply and give it the respect it deserves like all art.
I am very happy with this course. The material is exceptional, the videos, interviews and additional material really gave you a full understanding of the main questions address by the course. I highly  recommended for people who are looking to increase their knowledge, not only about the most important garment that creates in our minds the conception of "fashion" trough the years, but also to understand the history behind them, the industry, and a necessary reflexion about the future of how fashion should be think, conceive, create and consume.
[‎04‎:‎09‎ ‎PM, ‎31‎/‎03‎/‎2020] Hites: Fashion is a one way to show own interpretations on front the society  as designer  ideology ...Like when designer  inspired  by nature  they want to our strength & power of our  nature. So this types  of ideology  to show stories so here[‎04‎:‎27‎ ‎PM, ‎31‎/‎03‎/‎2020] Hites: As per mine Coursera  is a one good way to explore so many thing from fashion industry... Here I know so many new things  regarding  to fashion ... So I'm  very glad to do this course
The Fashion as Design course, with its abundance of learning
materials, has shifted the way I perceive fashion as a whole. It has made me
compartmentalize the garments and focus on individual pieces, forcing me to analyze
my own closet, my daily approach to the way I shop, I treat my garments and it
definitely changed my outlook on the lifecycle, responsibility and ethics so
undeniably linked to the fashion world nowadays, the design, the production,
the materials choice and the disposability.
Thoroughly enjoyable and educational. This course has broadened my understanding of the items with which I have the most intimate relationship in my life: the clothes I choose to wear. The lessons are well constructed, a perfect size for consumption, pleasantly varied in their delivery, and each of the course leaders were a pleasure to listen to. I can firmly say this course will alter my perception of clothing for the rest of my life, I hope there is more like this available.
This is a great course for anyone with any interest in fashion. With topics as diverse as history, appropriation, sub cultures, evolution and recycling of styles, sustainability, and just about anything else you can think of.It is well organized and is loaded with concise and thought provoking information in the form of interviews, videos, and articles. The curators are great and host online events every now and then. I love this course and I can't recommend it highly enough!
Fashion as Design course from MoMA was such a wonderful learning experience. The course challenges the learners about the deeper knowledge of fashion from design perspective and the passion for it. This made me feel like I was one of the learners at the lectures in the video which helped me to concentrate on the learning itself rather than anything else like taking the certificate or experiencing an online course. The wide variety of topics kept me highly motivated.
I loved the course, I learned a lot professionally and personally. These seven weeks, made me believe more in my love for fashion, but the fashion that adds to a better world.
I would like to use this space, to ask for help, because I wanted to pay the fee to get my certificate and I didn't find it on the website where I could do that. I would also like to receive more information for other courses focused on fashion. Thank you.
This is a thorough course on a fascinating study. Along with fashion, it incorporates cultural history, ecology, design, sociology, and art. Quizzes are challenging, often asking about details and specifics of years, and there is a significant amount of course material to read and watch. Assignments call upon you to be creative and thoughtful. It is not an easy course, but it's certainly an enjoyable, relevant, and current one.
Thank you for such an amazing and informative course. I'm not sure that I would have learned so many details, interesting facts, meanings and role of fashion, if I had not enrolled in a course "Fashion as design". You opened my eyes to what fashion items depict and what revolutionary role they carried in their time. But most importantly you made me notice the environmental issues and rethink my way of consumption. Thanks again!
The course content was very informative and easy to digest. It discussed articles and garments from around the globe with different historical and social contexts. The workload is very manageable, you could finish it early if you want which is want I did. I learned a lot more about fashion in the socio-political context. It definitely made me more attentive of where I buy my clothes and how they are made.
The course was an eye opener to the fashion world. I learned the history behind each trend which we follow till date . It was a great platform to explore the world of garments, fabrics , trends ,style . From day to day turtle necks and jeans to bespoke couture, the course gave an insight to everything. Thank you mentors and team of course era for giving me the opportunity to gain knowledge and grow .
Excellent reflection. It is a great experience to explore how meanings, procedures, materials and styles have changed during generations. A trip through 100 different garments to explore their evolution. It is great to understand how people express their believes and traditions through clothes, and how important it is to stop mass consumption and develop conciousness to take care of the enviroment.
Highly practical and ambitious material challenging us to think about the current landscape of fashion, as well as the future, and how we can improve the the industry with sustainable practices.It's a great course not only for fashion lovers, but anybody interested in history, design, activism or sustainability. I subscribed just for fun, but got so much new knowledge and inspiration
The course has a good selection of Fashion Items from the exhibition that are either iconic or known otherwise. The material covers a wide range of items, some in more detail, others just touched and provides external additional reading resources. What was important for me - the course also touches the aspect of required mindset change for circular fashion.
This course is very informative and educational. It exposed me to the histories of different iconic fashion garments, as well as the reality of the fashion industry. It made me think hard on what kind of life style I
would like to lead in the future concerning my fashion choices and reflect on
what kind of impacts my actions so far have already imposed.
This course is just excellent! I already knew that MoMa has a great archive and produces greatly curated work but the way this course is put together is fascinatingly interesting not only for fashion and design lovers like myself but also for people interested in learning about contemporary culture and modern history. Definitely a 5 star worth course!
Wonderful course, very complete with respect to the mentioned garments, it is very nice to take the time to interview designers and to be able to understand their point of view, which inspired them, their methods, it is fascinating. I highly recommend it if you want to learn a little more about the origins, changes and where a garment could go.
I have to say the course was very enlightening and inspiring. MoMA is offering a great opportunity for anyone that is interested in learning more about fashion, what clothes stand for, how they are used, what they are meant for, how they are worn, how they are made and what is their impact in the world. For me it is worth the time and effort!
Thank you to the teachers and staff who participated in the preparation of the program of this course for such an interesting and entertaining selection of topics. I did not miss a single minute while I was taking the course "Fashion and design". It was great! And I am happy that I have expanded my horizons and gained new knowledge.
Hi..I am always wanted to new things. In this course l have learnt about what we are wearing and why we wearing it  and  what it means and it changed my view about many things. I really like this course. Coursera content about fashoin as design course is exceed my expectations. Actually this course is really reflect on my wardrobe.
Even if you are not related to the fashion industry , this course is excellent as it dwells to the history and the timeline of items that we daily were like hoodie, sneakers, little black dress etc along with providing an insight into new technologies like the 3D dress. It is such a fun course that you wouldn't want it to end .
Truly a creative insight into iconic fashion statements and clothing necessities. I particularly enjoyed the themes which dealt with sustainability and the frank discussions around the impact of fast fashion and consumerism on the environment and the people employed in these apparel factories working under unfair conditions.
More than the theme of "Fashion" or "Haute Couture", I think the important thing is the socialism behind the story, behind the designers, the influence through the garments in our society; which is the important point of view to understand our natural psychology ... this course exceeded my expectations. Thanks to MoMa.
Very Informative and a diverse courseIt became a bit boring towards the end as i had my online school assignments and later it became a challenge to completebut it was good.My advice " Do not Procrastinate, finish the course in time".  Thank You, Paola Antonelli and Bruce (Coursera customer service, email help).
I loved the course, it is an incredible experience, I learned to observe the rpa and the accessories from other perspectives, analyzing their history and the reason for their creation.
I also learned a lot in relation to sustainable productions, to think more about the future and the environment.
Thank you.
Excellent course.  I have learned a lot and would to  enrol for another one like this from MoMo or any other institution.  the tutors gave us a lot of information and our knowledge of fashion and the fashion and design worlds has increased enormously.  the readings were also excellent.  Super course
Thank for the opportunity to participate in this course, it was well developed and organized. I learned so much about the history of specific clothing items and have become more conscious about the apparel process. I hope to see more classes with this team in the future!Sincerely,Lillian Sharpley
Incredibly fascinating, I really feel as though I learned a lot about the fashion industry, and about myself as well. I thoroughly enjoyed my course, and I think a lot of what I learned here will continue to influence and my consumption of clothes, as well as how I perceive fashion in general.
This was a fantastic cours interesting especially if you are thinking of becoming a manager in a retail store. Designers interested in fashion and design.Lot's of information on well known designers,fashion identity and culture history. Fun information on 3D printing and so much more.
This course has taught me to look at fashion - its history, its couturiers, its ongoing issues regarding labour practices, sustainability and cultural appropriation - with a deeper, wider perspective.  It is both interesting and extremely enriching.  I highly recommend this course.
I highly recommend this course if you are interested in fashion and/or design. I learned a lot about its history and theory. The course changed my perspective on fashion and its issues. It also let me think of new ideas for projects and designs in my university and individual work.
I am so glad I have joined this wonderful course. My knowledge of fashion has considerably improved, specially when it comes to the social circummstances in which these iconic items were conveived. I recommend it to eveyone looking for a deeper insight in the last decades design.
I loved this course, it was maybe for the first time when I never got bored of the contentent and when I couldn't wait to log in and study more.  All the themes have such a good content easy to digest, straight to the point. Thank you ladies for putting all this together for us!
This was an incredible course! I learned so much about the evolution of fashion and how the industry has grown and developed over the past century. It is incredibly well taught, and the videos give you a visual sense of what it is that you're learning. I would highly recommend!
It is a great course for beginners. By use dozens of items which were important to the history of fashion, this course was able to introduce and articulate some essential concepts to the learner. The structure of the course is very clear and content is very informative.
Insightful course four anyone working in fashion but specially for Fashion Designers and Fashion Design Students. Gives a lot of background about well known fashion items. I learned a lot new things I didn't know and my view on certain items definitely changed. Thanks!
This class is more than what I expected. It is so interesting, and actually life changing. I find myself sharing the information I learned, especially the impact clothing has on the environment, but also it’s history. Fascinating. Thank you for such an excellent class.
This is an excellent course.  I have learned so many new concepts and my perception of the fashion industry have changed through this class.  I am definitely more aware about the kind of clothing I am wearing and will be more careful with new purchases. Thank you MoMA
Great course for individuals who have a personal knowledge of fashion and want exposure to the various aspects of design, fashion history, designers' sources of inspiration, and a clear understanding of the complex state of fashion production.  You will learn a lot.
I am very glad to have taken this course and thank its compilers. This course gave me not only knowledge about different aspects of fashion industry, but a lot of information for thinking and explorations. Thanks instructors of the course for their excellent  work.
I recommend this course to all the fashion and design lovers. The best part of the course is each week you have a theme to learn and a discussion forum where you share your thoughts. "Fashion is the armor to survive the reality of everyday life." —Bill Cunningham
This course is very informative and I highly recommend it to anyone who is considering a career anywhere in the fashion industry. The course is structured and the readings and videos complement each other wonderfully. You will not be disappointed in this course!
This course is really interesting and fascinating! I've learned a lot about famous items of garments and its history. If I happened to be in NYC, I would definitely go to the MoMA exhibition.  I candidly recommend this course to people who interested in fashion.
Very interesting themes each week that focus on the impact that our clothing choices have on ourselves and the world around us. It has made me a much more conscientious consumer. I only wish we could travel to NY to see this exhibition from a couple years ago!
This course changed my perspective regarding at least 20 garments. I have a pos-graduation in fashion, but I felt that the content improved everything I knew and gave me more context on items that hold a close relationship with society's history. Life changer!
I really like the short and direct way that the teachers spoke, clearly and informatively. And the new artistry I learned about is so COOL! This was a great course and i couldn't wait to get back to work on it. I will be looking at other MoMa course on here.
This was my first time taking a Coursera class and it was splendid!!!!! This course especially was so informative, entertaining and challenging in ways. I definitely know more about clothes, form and all types of histories, perceptions thanks to this class.
I really changed my perspective on fashion. I can even see myself studying fashion design one day since I still have so much to learn. It is a great course for beginners in fashion. My favourite theme was Lifecycle on week 5, informative and interesting.
An awesome way to learn more about fashion, history, and behind-the-scenes of what fashion as design really is. This course might become dated in a few years but the information is still completely valid and raises good points about the fashion industry.
This course has helped me to 
plunge into the history of fashion, to find out what actually is a 
casual wear and the importance of being eco-friendly in the modern 
world.  Grateful to The Museum of Modern Art of useful and interesting training program.
The course has continued to improve my love for fashion, and it has made me more passionate to not only be bold in what I wear but be educated in what I'm wearing. I feel so much smarter when it comes to talking about fashion and different cultures.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. I learned so much about fashion that I didn't know I wanted to know. I love learning about the history of items and people. This course brought me the best of history of fashion and those in fashion.Thank you MoMA!
It was an amazing course that gave me insight into something I am looking forward to studying in college. I am currently a junior and always wanted to do something regarding design. This course definitely gave me a feeling of that subject area.
Totally amazing course. I learned so much and got new perspective on my  clothing and accessories, while learning new trends in fashion. Coursera helped me stay on schedule and the videos and readings provided were interesting and informative.
I really enjoyed the course.  It opened my eyes to so many issues facing the world - and how small moves can motivate change.  It also made me look at my wardrobe differently - putting new meaning behind pieces I never really thought about.
I really loved it because you get to aknowledge a lot of things about fashion that most of us ignore and are kind of essential to designing. I really recomend this course for any fashion lover or designer interested in the fashion industry.
It is a very well laid out course. I really enjoyed all the topics covered under this course. The topics were so relevant and especially for someone Like myself who is new to the world of fashion found “is fashion modern” very intriguing .
Phenomenal! I highly recommend it. If you are just getting started in the world of fashion, this is a great first step, get some knowledge under your belt. This is a great way to learn, I hope this way of education extends even further.
This course made great usage of technology with videos, photos, and reading materials.  Sometimes it felt a bit long but in the end the time was worth it.  If you have even a remote love a fashion, this is a good course to work through.
This course was truly amazing experience, so much more than what I expected. The sea of information is gathered in such smart, consistent, organized way that it is impossible to even think anything is omitted. I applaud to its creators!
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. I now see my clothes in a completely different way. It has been an eye opener regarding the impact that fashion has on our society and environment. I will highly recommend this course to my friends.
this class was interesting for me.i have to say, I look fashionably different and a little more expert.every class, every week, was better than the previous one. Interesting, interesting, interesting, and everything was so exciting.
The Course is amazing! So eye-opening and complete, the course compiles from the "birth" of items until the lifecycles of some products and approaches subjects such as sustainability, identity, culture, design. I truly recommend.
This course has given me the kind of depth I've been looking for the study of fashion design, clothing construction and its history. I definitely recommend especially for those interested in the research aspect of fashion design.
I learned a lot from this course, and it had one of the more active discussion groups I've seen in a Coursera course. I love that it went into the details of the exhibition and into how the exhibition was conceived and curated.
Thank you for sharing such an amazing material! Every single topic was interesting, made me think more about garments lifecycle and ethics. Clothes are not clothes enymore, every single piece have the story behind. Thank you!
This class was not just informative about the history of fashion, yet insightful on many current issues of sustainability and took a deep dive into how we purchase and what we wear today. I would highly recommend this class.
A fabulous exploration of clothing items replete with historical anecdotes that might enable you to win a gameshow..... LOL; simply a great lens  through which to examine fads, fashions, and ones own wardrobe. Delightful.
It was such an incredible course. It's amazing how a simple garment has so much history behind it. Every time I wear an item I will remember where it came from, the materials used and  who wore it.Very satisfied!Sabrina
An amazing course that gave me very interesting insights on major fashion topics such as sustainability and identities. An excelent choice of interviewees too. Congratulations to the whole team, great course! Thank you
Excellent course! I am not a keen on fashion, nor I do not follow trends. But this course help me to understand the magnific world oof fashion and how a simple cloth is an expression of resistance, rebellion, and love.
I was totally engaged through the course and loved the mix of media that was used. It opened up my eyes and mind to so many facets of the fashion industry including history, ethics and design. Super highly recommended!
A really interesting and easy to follow course, perfect for professionals but also for general culture. Opened up my mind and made me think about certain things from different perspective. Really really enjoyed it!!!
I really enjoyed the course and I would definitely recommend it! It has made me look at clothing items with more of an open mind! I've deepened my understanding of the fashion industry and the history of clothes. :)
I really enjoyed this course. It improves your skills and knowledge of fashion. It is well structured, every week it describes a different topic in a really detailed way. I recommend everyone to start this course.
I had learned so so so much through this class that I don't even know where and how to begin. My passion toward fashion has raised so much with this course. Thank you MoMA and the course team for all the efforts!
Fantastic, inspirational and engaging course. I learned more about fashion than I ever knew. I enjoyed learning about couture and silhouettes, and particularly liked the Mars boot prototype and the sneaker mask.
It's really interesting to examine the clothes we wear under a microscope and question how they came to be. MoMA's course looks at a huge variety of garments and uses tons of unique voices to teach this course.
The course seemed very enriching to me because of what I learned, what I remembered, because in the practice of my work I have related to some items of the course and due to the investment of time.Thank you.
I really enjoyed taking this course and going through all the concepts offered. This course definitely made me think a lot about my own fashion and wardrobe perspective. Hope to see more courses from MoMA!
This course is one of the best I've taken in a while. If you have an interest for art hisory and cultural background of things this curse will show you how to understand the context of garments in fashion.
Incredibly challenging, intellectually and interpersonally, yet leaves you wanting even more opportunities for learning, growing and contributing to the rapidly evolving worlds of both design and fashion.
This is a fantastic super recomended course for anyone who likes fashion and design aswell as to know the background of many iconic fashion pieces!Thank you MoMa! It was a pleasure! I would take it again!
I enjoyed every minute spent on this course, incredibly interesting it explores fashion from many points of view, it definitely gave me a lot to think about when it comes to or relationship with clothes
I want to thanks Moma to offer a course so complete and well prepared.I have learned a lot about fashion,hand made garments,sustainability and to think in fashion from another way more complete.
This is a very interesting course. I feel I have learnt a lot about history of fashion and the most important aspects linked to the industry, specially sustainability. I totally recommend it.
I learned a lot about fashion and the procedures and detailed eye required to formulate designs, as well as gaining more knowledge on subjects I already had some degree of expertise in.
Loved it, rekindled my love of fashion and it's importance to living. Especially precious to do the course during C19 Lockdown - a comfort course.Hope I can visit MoMA soonBest Tatiana
I really enjoy learning about the connection that Fashion as Design has with almost everything around us.  The historic facts, the interviews and videos.  I'm glad I took this class.
This course will be really useful for those who are really passionate about fashion. I will completely recommend this course to such people and I am 100% satisfied from this course.
A great course to start as a beginner and understand the concept from the start. Lot of great information and great sources, if you are interested I suggest you to take this course!
A fresh look at the acute problems. Clearly described garments, given interesting facts and details from the history of clothing. I recommend for the expansion of personal knowledge
beautiful, as fashion designer we have to know the history of garments, some of them i really ignored its history, its important for us as creators and to understand de zeitgeist
It was so much more than I expected, and truly changed my look on fashion. Very high quality and the additional readings are also very educational and fun. Highly recommend it!
I loved this course! It really help me to see fashion in a different way & understand why clothes are made for. If you work in fashion industry, this course will help you alot.
Amazing course! I learned so much and opened my eyes about what we buy and why we wear some garments. I recommended to anyone who is really interested in Fashion and history.
What a wonderful course! The material is very approachable for fashion enthusiasts or those simply interested in learning more about fashion. Very happy to took this course.
The course is very dynamic, diverse and complete. I'm glad I could make it and get a closer understanding on the technologies, ideas and cultures behind many of the items.
A great course if you want to learn more about the fashion industry, its history and the cultural significance of fashion for different races, ethnicities and religions.
I m really glad i did this course "Fashion as design by MoMa" it made me reflect back to fashion history and provided me a lens to look through a sustainable future.
Thank you opportunity to learn more about Fashion as Design. Course was very interesting, on the point and very easy study (videos, interviews and reading articles).
This is a really fantastic overview of the role of fashion in global culture. It really covered alot of different eras and styles and was engaging and entertaining.
I really enjoyed the class because it gave me an insight eye on a world that I love. It got deep and analyzed what best describes ‘fashion’ in its thousand facets.
This is an unbelievably awesome course! I have learned so much about fashion in ways I had never thought about it before. Thank you MOMA for this excellent course!
Really enjoyable and informative course. It was the first course I ever took "for fun", and I'm glad I took it. I learned a lot and enjoyed myself the entire time.
I love the course, it was easy to learn something new, it was entertaining and I learn a lot of every garment and accessory. I would like to study another course.
Such an amazing way to go deeper in such themes that were presented every week. Very happy with the results and will definitely sign myself into another course.
Coursera is very useful to gain more knowledge about subject . online fashion as design course is more information and used more effective time to spend in this
It was a really good course. The amount and variety of content was manageable and carefully selected so that everything read was worthwhile. I really enjoyed it
I really enjoyed every single moment! It was an opportunity to expand my
horizons and feel creative and productive and set new goals for my career
development.
I like this course very much. It opened my vision of the development of garments as well as accessories and reminded me to review the manufacturing of clothes.
This is a fantastic course and very informative, learned a ton about fashion and worth to revisit many articles and videos in the future. Highly recommend it.
Throughout the course, my perspective and understanding of design as fashion has broaden, especially on clothes which to me seemed simple, but in no way are.
Very well put beginner course on fashion design and the history of fashion with special attention to sustainability and social responsibility as a consumer.
Wonderfully stimulating and informative, excellent materials, terrific historical perspective, loved the sustainability aspect, the economics, everything.
This course taught me lots of basic information about Fashion. Pieces of clothes and accessories are presented via Silhouettes, Modesty, Expression, etc.
This is a wonderful look into the world of fashion construction, history and design. I just wish there were more courses out there that built on this!
Without a doubt this course made me broaden my knowledge, it made me change the way I see clothes and the history behind it.
I definitely recommend it
Loved the course! It had great content and gave me such a great insight into fashion and issues surrounding it! It was designed in a very engaged way!
Very interesting and informative. Thoroughly enjoyed studying this course. Highly recommend it!My only complaint is that I wish it were longer :^)
Really good comprehensive and exploratory themes and information. Learnt new things, cemented previous knowledge and gave new insight. Thank you
I am Anlly Leandra Villa Pulgarin and  I live in Colombia. I thing that, It was an excellent course. with many interesting and creative themes.
I really enjoy learning all the material is this course, this as really motived me to continued learning more about design. Thank you very much
An excellent opportunity to reflect and study fashion. The course offers a comprehensive look at fashion today through a review of its history.
The class was very well delivered and taught me lots on the principles of design. I also appreciate how it connected to the exhibition at MoMA.
The history of the fashions touched on was phenomenal. I loved the chapters on Sustainability, and they’ve made me a much more conscious buyer.
This course was so interesting and fun, I loved how clear and concise all the content was arranged! Would definitely take another MoMA course!
I really had a great time, and the point of view was really refreshing! Loved it. Deepened my perspective on each piece of garment/accessorie.
Wonderful experienced learning through this course. One impecable performance from the mentors. I would recommended people to enroll on it.
An eye opening course. Gives hints what to expect from clothing industry in the future as well as the history of some important garments.
I loved every single part of this course. It brought so many fresh perspectives to me. Looking forward to doing more courses from MoMA!
Really interesting, in-depth and well-curated. I recommend this course to those working in fashion or simply interested in its history.
I just got to add an another dimension of observation technique to my expertise . Thanks a lot and wish to work with the collaborators.
By taking this course, fashion became more than just an outward appearance, it became an embrace of its history and background. Bravo！
I LOVE THIS COURSE VERY VERY MUCH, SO SAD ITS ALREADY OVER, I LEARNED INCREIBLE NEW THINGS AND I HOPE CONTINUE BUILDING THAT KNOWLEDGE
Wonderful course for every fashion design student who is studying fashion with historical perspective and their making and importance.
MoMA is so generous to offer this course to us for FREE! A million thank yous for this opportunity which I could not otherwise afford.
Excellent inputs from the course instructors. This course provided a rich range of resources and in-depth interviews. A great course!
This course is truly amazing and helpful for all the beginners and for everyone who wants to build up new skills in different careers
I learned a lot from this course about design I learned about colour combination I learned how colour impact on someone’s personality
It was a wonderful experience. I came with high expectations and it fulfilled it completely. Thankyou MoMA, and Coursera of course.
I never thought gaining this much knowledge at free cost would be possible. Thank you for everything. It was an eye opening course.
This was such a fantastic course! I learned so much about subjects I'm passionate about. I would definitely recommend this course!
The best course on obtaining knowledge in the Fashion World of today with relation to previous years, The course is just the best
Thank you for the course "Fashion as Design". It includes a great variety of content that is really up to date and useful for me.
It is an excellent source of information, it will widen your thoughts and the way you are looking at your wardrobe, I assure you.
This course throws you concept after concept, without it ever feeling overwhelming. Genuinely interesting reading materials! :)
It was really great to learn new things about fashion world and see other side of it in very easy and interesting way.thank you
Really enjoyed the course overall! I recommend this course to those with passion in fashion, even with minimum knowledge on it.
I strongly recommend this course to anybody who is associated with the Apparel industry. I got to learn a lot from this course.
This course has changed my perspective on looking at design especially Fashion Design and I am so glad that I did this course.
It was very useful ❤️During the pandemic this course helped me forget what is going on in the world.....Thank you sooo much;)
Highly recommend this course for anyone interested in fashion. This is a tremendous quality of knowledge accessible for free.
A really complete course with a lot of readings and sourses.you will learn a lot of your garments and see it in an other way
Really interesting. Explains many historical and sociological data of fashion and accessories. Has exceeded my expectations.
So glad I took this course! It offered completely new material to what I learned in Fashion School - educated and inspired.
Perfect! Very very interesting themes, nice videos & materials. Perfect balance of workload and the quizzes. Learned a lot!
I learned many of thinks in this issue. I am sure it will help to me in my working life and social life. Thank you so much.
Excellent course! The themes are very interesting an very well developed. The readings and videos are easy to understand.
Brilliantly curated content makes this course one of it's kind. Thanking the coursera team in bringing knowledge to many
Really enjoyed this course! It was well organized, and required just enough student interaction to keep it interesting.
Very interesting content, offers a different perspective of fashion to be understood from a political and social place.
I love the course! Even though i find it difficult to read in quarantine, texts were kept short and interesting videos!
Very interesting approach to fashion and all its related dimensions. I was not too much into the topic, and I loved it.
I thought the course was really informative. It gives fashion a human face and is important for the future. Thank you!!
Loved this course so much! This course definitely surpassed my expectations and I learned so so much. Thank you MoMA!
I learned a lot of history of different clothing items in my closet, gained a lot of new visual and reading resources
I just finished class 4. I love MOMA and I love the ideas, challenge to thinking. Inspirational, exciting. Thank you!
So so cool! I really learned many interesting and very important things about the Fashion world, I recomend it 100%!
Very enjoyable and informative, and so much fun gaining new perspectives about fashion. Would definitely recommend.
Very happy what I learnd thank You all for giving lots of history and showing me others ways of living and create
It's a awesome course. It's really help a student a lot. What's the impact of fashion on us it's describe truely.
very interesting course, I really enjoye the time while watching and reading all the materials that they offer :)
This course helped me in so many ways, and I loved all the information it had to offer! Thank you guys so much!!
some historical information and most important is that I learned how to look at a item from various perspective.
Extremely informative. All of the assessments are a week a part which makes them easy to complete and focus on.
Interesting and eyeopening subjects in this course. Only for people with above average English language skills.
Thanks for the chance to learn so many topics in the wonderful fashion world, it has been a great experience.
Absolutely a must for everyone who wears clothes. I got to know about the 'items'. So worth my time and data.
It's very helpful for me also for my future. It gives me alots of information about new designer and artists.
I loved it. Got to know alot of things that I wouldn't have been able to . I look forward to do more courses.
Great intro course that presented fashion through its history, cultural and future development perspective.
The course was very nice! It discusses about history and the intricacy of the design process of a garment.
Thoroughly enjoyed learning about many aspects of fashion and design that I did not know about beforehand.
I was really good course eith lots of knowledge about fashion and history of fashiin when it was started.
Thanks a lot . This 7 week was really interesting and full of useful information. Good Luck for Everyone.
Thank you so much! I loved the course!!! I so glad to have taken the course. I learned a lot!! thank you!
So many fascinating bits of information. A great course for people interested in both design and fashion.
Very informative course. I learned so much about fashion items, the history behind them and their impact.
This was fantastic! I didn't want it to end and I'm hoping there are more courses like this one to come.
I love it has very varied content and easy to understand if you don't have a very high level of English
awesome and mind blowing learning experience would definitely use it in my life as an artist in fashion
Great course.  As an artist with a background in fashion, I still found a lot here.  Highly recommend.
I really like the course. I found it vert informative, didactic and at the same time very interesting.
I enjoyed it very much, and I found it full of information usefull for my design processes. Thank you
It was an enriching course on Fashion as Design. I will never look at my wardrobe the same way again!
The course was very enriching. I’ve learned a lot and now I can see fashion with another perspective.
Excellent. Learnt so much, would recommend to anyone with an interest in clothes, design or society.
Fantastic course. I learned many things about fashion culture during these seven weeks. I advise it!
Really good! If you are interest in clothing and it's history, this course offers great information.
Fascinating course and something I've never given a thought to.   Interesting endeavors......thanks.
Excellent course.  Introduced me to to the world of fashion design.  Explored many design elements.
Great course! I learnt a lot from it. Thank you MoMA team for such amazing and informative course!
I love the intellectual approach to discussing fashion & wish there were more courses like this.
This course is an eye opener. It help to think on various ankles while appreciating a costume.
LOVED IT!Wish it would have been a longer course!Definitely a MUST if you are a fashion lover.
Very well designed class including useful, relevant and insightful content. Highly recommend.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course, it was informative and an eye opener, beyond expectations!
This course really widened my views of fashion and
design, I learn too much ! Thanks a lot !
I got to know a deep knowledge about almost every garments which human wear in daily life.
Such a joyful and enriching experience for anyone curious about design, art & photography
I love it, it make me change the way I look at my clothes and my body. Thank you so much.
Very nice experience, learned a lot, especially about suitability and fashion industry!!!
This class is a lot of fun and brings a new perspective of fashion interpretation to me.
this course is beneficial to understand and to comprehend fashion dynamics and statics.
It has been a really good experience. It's very complete and it includes good material.
Fantastic course. So well crafted. I learnt so much that will be useful for my career.
I was challenged and inspired all at once. Thank you fashion as Design, thank you MoMA
Outstanding course. A great way to explore fashion from an academic yet personal lens.
Thank you so much for this course. It is really interesting with really cool examples.
A fascinating look are fashion through the lens of design, history and social impact.
Everything was Fantastic. And all lecturer was phenomenon. Thanks for everything😍
I learned so, so much. Great teachers, great topics to study, and great material!
Learned many things from this course. I have got a lot of experience from this .
Amazing experience, very happy I decided to take this course. Thank you so much.
Groundbreaking and very updated course about fashion in a anthropological view.
its very helpful for those pupils who are going through the history of fashion
Truly appreciate this course, it gave me a basic knowledge of fashion design .
I like this course because it make me understand deeply about core of fashion.
Great course. Thought I knew it all but this course taught me some new things.
Highly recommended if you want to learn about the story behind your garments.
This course helped me get more understanding of fashion in modern.I love it!
After this Course a Simple White T-Shirt, is looking like a grandeur costume
This is an incredible course and really beautiful for all the fashion lovers
Great online course that teaches critically assess fashion as design object
I have got huge experience about fashion history.Thanks all of my trainers
Great course with broad history of fashion. Packed with great information.
Great course, super interesting, I recommended it to a bunch of my friends
Brilliant course! Totally changed my perspective on Fashion and Clothing.
Was amazing all the topicc, knowloges and the different views that I got
I absolutely love this course! The content is so engaging and enriching.
In love with this course. I am expecting another fashion course of MOMA.
Amazing course! Insightful and engaging! Would definitely recommend it!
It´s amazing the way this curse made me see the fashion and his history
Excellent Course!! Congratulations and Thank you for this opportunity!!
Thank you for this course. I will recommend this course to my friends.
Would love to take it once more. Super useful information! Thank you!
Thank you very much for the course, I learned a lot from this course.
FANTASTIC! L'HO TROVATO VERAMENTE BELLO E INTERESSANTE!BRAVISSIMI :)
Really great Course. Changed my perspectives on Fashion as design.
really intelligent thinking, modern thinking and a great diversity
Very interesting and versatile course made accessible to everyone.
I really enjoyed this course, it was well paced and I learnt a lot
This course is fantastic - well thought out and thought provoking.
highly recommend! this course was super informative and very fun!
Absolutely worth it. Learned so much about Fashion, I am thankful
I am very happy with my achievements and will continue to study.
i love this course i have learn a lot about fashion and design.
A new way to look at fashion. Another excellent course by MoMA.
Loved it and I learned so much Thank you so muchMuch Love Luis
I learned a lot about fashion and on how it has been evolving.
A great course to reflect about fashion role in modern times.
love every week you learn something new and really interring
excellent course, great teachers, an incredible opportunity.
Excellent well rounded course that inspires and challenges.
I have learnt a lot in this course. I  highly recommend it.
Very informative course, rich content...I highly recommend
I just love all the contents of this course. Terrific :)
Basic understanding of fashion that is very informative.
It is a very educative and insightful course. Worth it.
This course was both interesting and thought provoking.
Its really a wonderful course with amazing instructors.
Very informative! Site and material is organized well.
Amazing course, very knowledgeable! Thank you so much!
Very good course i have learned muCh better thn other
A great content! You will learn and have so much fun!
Absolutely amazing, high quality, fascinating course!
I really enjoyed learning new things about fashion.
The concepts should be included in school syllabus.
Such a great course! Take it if you love Fashion!!
Entertaining and informative from start to finish.
Lots of information, presented very well! loved it
I got good information about fashion and learn it.
allowed me to view items of fashion in a new way
I really enjoyed this course. Very informative.
Very insightful course about Fashion and style.
The course is very informative and interesting
it was a nice informative course, i enjoyed it
The Best Course For Aspirant Fashion Designers
Very interesting topics and materials covered.
Great course! Thank you for this amazing work!
amazing course, so interesting and universal.
Very well thought out and super informative!
I loved this course! I highly recommend it.
interesting subject and cool weekly process
Essential for anyone interested in fashion
Nice option to learn skills on your goals
So inrtesting nice to be a part of this .
Changed my vision of the fashion industry
THIS WAS AN EXCELLENT ART HISTORY COURSE
Fantastic course, thoroughly enjoyable!
Incredible, informative, and heartfelt.
great course, I strongly recommend it!!
I love u coursera thank you so much...
Very useful and informative. Loved it.
I learned a lot more than I expected
love the obtain to do a online class
I absolutely recommend it to anyone!
Fascinating. I highly recommend it.
very interesting, really enjoyed it
So much creative lesson, open mind.
Thank you! I really learned a lot!
Loved the course. it is so helpful
It was an enlightening experience.
I learned a lot with this course!!
Well designed course. Informative
Great course! Highly recommended.
Excellent and interesting course.
Interesting, captivating content
incredible learning experience.
interesting! I suggest to do it
Thank you so much! I love it!
Great course! Learned a lot!
Ireallylovedit,ilearnalotand
I learned a LOT. Thank You.
This is an amazing course.
i learned a lot, thank you
I love this course so mush
Very fun and opens my eyes
Really enjoyed the class!
great balance and content
So fun and interesting!
I'm pleased everything.
Amazing in depth course
good course, loved it
Simply Extraordinary
Enlightening course!
Very well designed!
Its really amazing
Fascinating course
my favorite one
good course..!!
It was great❤️
good experence
It is awesome
worth taking
Love it!
Fashion
