This is the worst and most lazily assembled online course I've ever seen. It is simply a slide-show of select pieces of modern art with some rambling commentary that could mean anything. The quizes are unnecessarily tricky, but to top it all off participants have to write two 500 word peer reviewed essays at the end. Peer reviewed. Like a final "we don't care" from the authors. Can't believe I wasted hours on this.
this website and this course are a scam im incredibly disapointed in MOMA i love the museum and almost all its art but this course seems to be a quick cash grab by the museum.
Extremely difficult to use.  Videos did not load, material was difficult to access.  Very frustrating and set high obstacles to any learning.  Most disappointing.
repetitive content with other MOMA courses (seeing thru pictures)?? duh, not gonna pay $50 for this. :(
just a list of art pieces without real analysis or explanation. Not very instructive...
pop Coursera - I remain unconvinced
The concept of this course is unique and pretty interesting, but videos are too short, basic and non-specific, they have vague connection with the rest of the materials. And the design of the tests and assignment is just awful. The questions with multiple choice work wrong: marking all the right answers is not appropriate, you must choose the "all of the above" option, but it is wrong because of formal logic. The correct option here is only to match all the answers and the "all of the above" line. Also many questions are debatable, and there is no answers in the materials for the course. And, finally, the uploading of the last assignment was just impossible for more than a week, and I don't know if it will ever be possible. Bad experience.
Nice idea, but too many technical difficulties. I tried to complete quiz 4 nine times and eventually passed the deadline. And in order to submit my final assignment I had to embedded my images into a word doc and export it as a PDF... I won't get extra marks for being able to work THAT out! ; )I did enjoy the rest of the course though. Thanks for all your efforts.
This course  gives introduction of plenty of artworks from MoMA, but it will be more interesting if it shows more details and explanations about the artwork itself or the  background of the time and the society.
This course is solely for teachers, on how to tech art to elementary school pupils. Very basic. Most of the content is available on the MoMA's website. Disappointing.
A really interesting course on a fascinating and often misunderstood topic.  It could be vastly improved by doing away with the peer assignment review requirement.
Quiz was not well structured and title suggested a different idea than what the course was really about. Its a teachers guide.
Some of it was very interesting. But also very repetitive. And not really an academic “course.”
PEER GRADING IS SO SLOW WE DON'T GET IT AS WE WISH
I have taken many courses on Coursera now, and I've enjoyed and learned a lot from most of them, but I have to admit I was disappointed with this one, despite having a deep interest in modern art and art theory. Here are some of my criticisms:1. The course is aimed at teachers and art educators, which was not made at all clear on the course info page, apart from a single reference to the 'pedagogical framework'. If I'd understood this, I may well not have enrolled. 2. I found the course very basic, with no consideration of art theory beyond a level appropriate for classroom discussion. This is in contrast to many other Coursera courses, which have been pitched at graduate level or above. I don't really feel like I learned anything on this course. 3. The video lectures are very short and uninformative, but the weekly reading list is very long and much more time consuming that the actual tuition. I would have preferred a better balance between tutorials and reading.4. The weekly quizzes were very short (six questions, where other courses typically have 20 to 30 questions per module), and and questions focus almost entirely on the pedagogical set texts, with very little attention paid to the art history or the works discussed in the tutorials. If you are not going to be tested on the material, what is the point of all that required reading?5. The final peer-assessed assignment is lacking in instructions or guidance. For example, you are required to upload images of 3 or 4 artworks and discuss them. It is in fact impossible to upload more than a single image, but there are no instructions on what to do about this. People found various workarounds - uploading pdfs or Word documents, or zipped folders of images, but really, there should be some official guidance on this.6. Comments made when assessing other students' work are not anonymous - this is unique in my Coursera experience, where anonymous marking is the norm, and knowing how fractious people can get when they are disappointed with their grade, I am not at all happy about having my name made available to them.Overall, the only reason I persisted with this course is that I wanted to get a certificate with MoMA written on it. Too bad I couldn't have actually learned something as well.
This course is designed for school teachers and, perhaps, for art museum's workers. I'm neither, but I took this course because I'd like to know more about the modern art.The course is essentially a merge of two independent parts, namely, videos about artworks and papers about different theories of education in art. I took this course because of artworks, so I was not interested in papers. Videos were great; especially the first one in each lesson. Even my husband, who isn't fond of art in general, found these videos interesting. In videos, lecturer explains history and meaning of each piece of art. Required reading was dramatically different. First, students are required to read at least 10 pages (art papers) about approaches in teaching AND at least 4 articles in museum's website PER WEEK. Actually, careful reading not just browsing does take a lot of time, in fact, it takes way more time per week than claimed. In addition, these reading were not useful for me! I am not interested in teaching art, and reading same facts about artworks that I've heard in lectures is waste of my time. Seriously, I and most of people grasp most of the ideas from the first time; even if not, I would watch the video again. Why should I do extra reading that brings me no extra knowledge? On a good side, one can pass quiz without any reading. Just a bit of thinking process, and you pass with 5/6 or 6/6 score.Overall, the course is attractive because of amazing videos. However, I believe that this course must be reorganized in two different courses - one would be about artworks and understanding of art, another would be about teaching techniques in art.
I very much enjoyed the setup of the course, that is the short introduction and then the discussion of different artworks per theme. However, I must say that I expected the course to be more thorough in the discussion of the different themes and artworks. I believe the course would benefit from a more in depth discussions of the artworks. This could for example include more background information about the artist or a comparison of different pieces by the same artist to better understand the artists' views and development through history. Such additions would elevate the level of the course and also help identify certain themes and events that often recur in art. To conclude, it was a very enjoyable course that help grasp basic concepts of modern art.
This class is great for learning about modern art, but it lacks a touch in what started the modern art movement. I would like to see a line of where modern art came out of and how it progressed with a set of ideas. Art history is more about the development of artists through their times with their medium; problem solving, not just a set of dates and factual information on the artist. The course does touch on development, but it is not enough to keep me interested. Also, I did not think the assignment's were that great. It reminded me of a middle school art assignment. Would not take it again. Could find better, more in depth information on modern art elsewhere.
I did enjoy the course information with mixed reading and videos, however....there were glitches in some of the modules. Make sure you recheck your weeks when you're half way through to make sure you've done everything required (2 quiz's suddenly appeared that I had not seen). Trying to download the final project was a challenge. Very confusing since they don't tell you there are 2 different finals. Took me hours to figure out why I was doing one final only to log in and getting instructions on a completely different one.  And the cherry on top? I paid $49 to get a certificate only to find out it's one you print out yourself. What exactly was the $49 for?
Interesting and thought provoking course BUT the peer assignment tasks and evaluation criteria are moving targets that seem to be very hard to hit per my own experience and the discussion forums. Also what if you do not totally agreed with the IDEA that thematic presentation of art is the way that modern art has to be presented. And find themes as more of a way for art institutions to promote their own agendas and longevities. Which again is nothing new in the presentation of art but also can meander away from the artists' and art works' intent!
I liked the content, but the assignments were really challenging to do on my phone.  In fact I didn't finish because the final assignment was far to daunting to do on a phone keyboard and I was traveling without a laptop during the final weeks of the course.  This course wasn't the best fit for the mobile app platform.  With that said, the content was great and I really felt like I learned more than I expected from the course (which is all I really want from these types of courses).
Very interesting and frustrating at the same time. Interesting because it enabled me to have a different approach of Modern Art and to understand it not only through a context (political, artistic, social, historical, ...) but also through the intimate life of the artist. Modern Art cannot be comprehended without at least those 2 lenses. Frustrating because I feel like there is still so much to say about Modern Art and we only had a glimpse through this too short course.
while I really enjoyed the course content and expanding my knowledge about Modern Art and Ideas, I was very frustrated with posting and being able to edit.   For example,  I have no idea how my last assignment was posted as it did not function as the previous reflection assignment.  So with the technical issues I was not able to rate this a 5 star experience.  Though I love Coursera and would do another class.  If I was needing a certificate I would not be happy though.
I love the topic of the course and the organization of modules. However, the videos are too short and too brief. I will like to hear more analyze about each pieces. It's should be relevant to have a professor who speaks to us about the works of art. The quiz should be more about the observation and analyze than about a close interpretation of a work of art. Thank you so much for the class! I discover a lot of artists.
The information, videos, links additional reading do provide important information. However this course is aimed at teachers and that is not clear from the title and much less with the small amount of articles that are related to teaching. This course also has lots of issues with its quizzes; getting no support from staff on technical matters or feed back on why a true or false questions is always wrong.
This course takes an alternate approach to understanding modern Art, moving it away from categories based on the time period in which art was made or what school the artist was part of and instead groups art work by theme. I really enjoyed all the pieces I encountered and felt like I had a somewhat better understanding of modern art after taking this course.
Navigating through the course is difficult, particularly the discussions and the final assignment.  Finding out how to submit the assignment was complicated to say the least and some learners posted their assignments in the discussion forum where they could not be assessed.  I cannot recommend this format to other learners.
Although the course offers a very wide range of subjects and also additional recommendations for reading, the basic didactic material superficially explores the work of each artist. I am sure that MoMA team has the capacity to offer a deeper content.
I like this course. I really enjoyed it. But it was  difficult because of language. I thought  that this course will have more information in Russian language. Some videos and many texts was really challenging. Thanks any way.
I feel more videos of study material should be made available as well as each week's assignment should be graded by peer review. The course should have more interaction with course instructors as well as peers.
The reflections weekly were good but the last assignment was frustrating so before one could read the review it was gone and peers rated it incorrectly, not fair student was penalised
I've learned about some paintings and object, but the format of the course was weak.  Should have stuck with the historical progression of Modern Art--tried and true approach.
I have no complaints over the content. I would however, change the final quizzes, which rely too much on one essay rather than on the videos or on other reading material.
A subject much too wide and complex to be narrowed down into just a few weeks. Maybe offering more specific studies over several courses would have been more enriching.
Excellent concepts and content. Poor quiz composition and monitoring by MOMA staff of discussion. Logistical hassles tainted joy from the delivery.
Maybe was the idea to entertain a little big to strong in this case. It is definitly an interesting course with good examples.
The commentary for each artwork has been cut short sometimes in the middle of the sentence. It is so dissatisfying!
There is so much to learn here specifically about art that inspires others to love with it.
A very nice introductory course but could use so added depth in materials
Well presented and really interesting, I would just wish for more videos.
Very highlever, i would have enjoyed more technique to understand art
Mostly a guide for teachers bringing classes to MOMA; weak otherwise.
Would have liked more lecture format and less reading.
Not much new information, unfortunately.
there were mistakes in the quizzes.
such a great experience !
Very light course.
Well done. I very much enjoyed the course and the learning experience. However, I feel that there are several teaching and technical issues, which, if addressed, and improved, would provide a more rewarding, less frustrating environment for the learner. First, I believe there should be an automatic word counter on each essay section to alleviate the issue with peer reviewers assuming that they can judge the number of words by just “eyeballing” the copy. On more than several occasions, the peer reviewer marked my essay down for exceeding the required length, when, in fact, my essay was not too long. In self-defense, I finally began adding the word count at the end of the essay, which immediately resolved that problem.  Additionally, the final essay question for the essay is apparently confusing for the peer reviewers, as they seemed not to realize that the question posed was an either or format. So, I’m assuming that the sentence is simply too long and should be rewritten in order to make it more comprehensible. Also, I wanted to point out that it is difficult to compare three works of art In 300 words; the assistant director may want to lengthen the permitted essay word number a bit. I’m very impressed with Coursera and its available courses. I especially appreciate MoMA’s participation!
The course itself was very good - really engaging, well put together and informative. I enjoyed its inclusiveness and learned plenty, and it has been made free, which was absolutely lovely. If I had one criticism it'd be that it relies on peer review for part of your final mark, and though I understand why (and also I was doing this for free and had absolutely nothing riding on it so it's hard to be too upset), but when a random person misses or ignores the lines of your work where you explicitly and unambiguously state the thing that they mark you down for not stating and you miss out on a 100% mark for a piece it sticks in your throat a little.  On a course taken by a few hundred thousand people created by a museum not a dedicated teaching institution I have no idea what an alternative would be but peer review might potentially be flawed or open to inconsistencies you mightn't get with an alternative or more strict review system.
As an avid museum goer, I thoroughly enjoyed taking this course. It was just challenging enough to keep me engaged, yet not too overwhelming where I would interest. In courses I've taken before on Coursera, the work was just too much, and while that might be fine for a college student, I don't want a course that takes up too much of my extra time. The videos and the readings were informative and interesting.  I maybe would have liked to have seen longer quizzes, say 20 questions instead of 10, but for the most part this course was a good introduction into modern art.  The bottom line is that I've become a much bigger fan of MOMA and have a deeper appreciation of modern art.
I took this course for my own personal enrichment as an artist. I felt is was really thourogh on the artists it presented. I liked that there was a diverse pool of artists and art works presented, particularly if you look over the extra articles. Those were nicely mixed in with more well known artists to the average student. There are, however, far, far more artists and works in this time period that someone who completes a course in Modern Art History really should know.  I'm not sure, however, that this course is intended to provide a more in depth study. Rather I believe it's supposed to be more of an overall introduction with some nice deep fives here and there, which certainly was accomplished. I am only giving it 4 instead of 5 stars because I was never able to post images, and therefore could not do assignments that required them. I was using my phone for the course, perhaps that's why. I plan to take another art history course and will use my laptop ( mostly so I can see images better) and see if that solves that problem. Overall, a really fantastic course and a good and resourceful way to spend time during the "stay at home" order...and...it's free!
This was my first online course, so I do not have a term of comparison.However, I can form an opinion and suggest some ideas that would have
worked for me. But, first of all, I consider this course to be very fulfilling. I’ve
not only learned more about some artist that I knew but also got in touch with
some that I have never heard about. Most of all, I had the chance to understand
better the way of work, the mindset of creation and the others opinion. I would
have like to had perhaps a zoom session of each theme, with one of the
curators, where there could be some discussion on some topics. I also think
that it is important for a student to understand the level of achievement, not
only if one gets approval. I’m very keen on learning more and more about art,
about organizing art and communicating art. Most of all I like to write about it,
so It would be nice to have a course on “Mastering the art of writing about art”.
Thank you!
This course deserves 5 stars except for the final examination submission.  There were two descriptions of what the 2 essays should contain, one in the page before the submission and one in the submission page.  They were different.  Then when one submits the photo of the work of art in the 2nd essay, the title and "caption" are described as optional.  I saw that many people did not submit a "caption" (which is where you are supposed to put the essay)... however when you are asked to rate their submissions... there is nothing for you to rate since there is only a photograph of a work of art.  You don't know what category it belongs to nor what they think about it.  It is really too bad that they will not be graded properly... especially if they paid for the course.
I really enjoyed this course and am grateful for having taken it. Thank you MoMA so much. There are two things that I feel could be improved: the first is that the course is very short and covers a great deal of ideas, themes, artists and movements. It would have been nice to go more in depth into these themes, which would mean either making the course longer or making the focal points more specific as to allow for more in-depth discussion and understanding. The second is that it would have been great to learn more about artists of colour and of different parts of the world outside of the west, or "global north". Otherwise, this course reiterated that there is still a lot that I don't know but I am enjoying expanding my knowledge. Thank you for this!
The course provided a lot of great information and was flexible around my working hours/travel. Very nice format and useful links to further information beyond the required readings. It would be nicer to have more in depth and interactive discussion, as part of the course (beyond discussion posts). For example, software/functions that allow multiple people in the same week stage posting/brainstorming comments on the same artworks would be a great way to help people think about art and engage skills and knowledge learned from this course, as opposed to just being able to regurgitate MoMAs information and commentary. The final assignment was a good solo version of this, but there should be a task like this where people can bounce ideas off each other.
This was a well structured course even though it wasn't exactly clear that it was about educators in the first place. The introductory videos on every week were very clever and on point. Loved the instructors and the whole team behind this course. However, the final assignment's grading is unacceptable. I cannot stress out how important it is to justify each score given, especially the lower ones. The final assignment did not have this, and as a consequence, when the final grade was in, low or high, you cannot know why, and fix your mistakes in the future. Some people were kind enough to leave comments on the comment section below, explaining everything, however, this should be the case for everyone's review. After all, it is a paid course.
I definitely learned a great deal, however, I never figured out how to see if anyone commented on my submissions nor how to engage in discussion with my peers. I feel I could learn a great deal more if I was able to have discussions and feedback. I tried navigating back through the website to my previous postings, but couldn't find them? Perhaps I just don't know how to navigate this webpage correctly. Any help would be appreciated. I would love to see what I've submitted previously to review it for myself in the future, plus I would love to see if anyone ever commented on anything I did. In addition, does a professor or teacher actually ever look at the entries, or is it only peer reviews? Just curious.
I really loved this course. I got a much better understanding of what Modern Art is. The only thing I would like to see is more performative arts, street or public art. Even though I really liked the link between older arts with the idea of Modern Art (because I usually thought Modern Art to be something more like 1970´s to the date), I would have really loved to see artworks from this decade because most of the work I had already seen or read about them. And with the importance that figures like Marina Abramovic and Bansky have been to this decade, I feel that it should be interesting to study it. But I really appreciate the hard work you put into this course. Thank you so much.
I found really interesting the concept of looking to artworks not chronological but by themes. The themes of weeks 2, 3 and 5 were particularly interesting. The one from week 4 (Transforming everyday objects) less, in my opinion. I find the peer assignment evaluation not optimal.... (i had several situations where the evaluation was clearly not according to the coursera rules, and i could not find where to complain about it). Apart from that, the course was very interesting for me, i learned a lot, and most importantly, i am very motivated to transpose the idea of organizing Artworks by themes to music and use it in the music lessons i teach.
A great course for overview of those main themes presented.  I found the last two weeks somewhat repetitive in that the works were presented in the overview, and then again Individually (with much the same information, only slightly elaborated on).  I also found the format of the last peer review assignment (Curate images to illustrate one or more of those themes presented) quite confusing: the boxes weren’t clearly labeled or the assignment unclear on how/where to explain why those images were chosen.  Otherwise, it was a fun course and introduced me to some artists I hadn’t know of previously.
I found this course very engaging and interesting, and was eager to come back each week for another module! I also enjoyed interacting with others in the forum, and doing the assignments and final submissions. All of the activities challenged me to think and get involved creatively, which I really appreciated! However, I do feel that they could have explored the concepts more, as the focus seemed to be on the specific artworks. Aside from that, I would recommend this course to those interested in art as it's  really accessible even if you don't have a background in it!
succinct but well targeted review and comments of several iconic works of art--paintings, photos, installations.  The main value of the class is the classification viewpoint--not by art movement or school, but by theme.  Not enough attention is given to art and identity and art and society (two of the themes), in the US.  "Originality" or breaking into new concepts seems to rule, even when many of those works are rather vapid--such as, Duchamp's .  Compare with the works by Lawrence, Picasso, Mondrian, D. Lang and others-SUBSTANCE.---Just my opinion, of course.
I am 70 years old and an appreciation of Modern Art is coming to me a bit late in life ..but better late than never. So thanks you for providing me with this wonderful insight. Not too arduous  and full of easy (ish) to understand principles. My world will look different from now on. I missed the electronic age really so I struggled a bit with finding my way around...especially when trying to load images at the end of the course for peer assessment (which I never achieved beyond just the one image)Once again many thanks,CB GILL
I very much enjoyed this course and I was excited that MoMA was doing this course. I enjoyed the organization of the themes each week and doing the quizzes........I learned a lot from doing the quizzes.  My favorite was learning via the videos. I found them to be exciting and knowledgeable.  The only negative was that I had to redo some of my work....it showed not completed and I had to redo. I will look forward to going to MoMA when I travel again to New York. I loved the learning....thank you.
If you have some time and you always wanted to find out why a brick can be considered art this is a good course for you. Just keep in mind that this is a course where you will have to write some short texts, which can be quite challenging if your English is not that good (of course you can always use Google translator), but It's also a great way to learn new adjectives and expressions. I procrastinated to do the last assignments but I got excited seeing what other people had said about my work.
I have to admit, there is a whole vocabulary to describe and 'embellish' some rather ordinary and otherwise non-significant objects considered as Art. Please don't read this as a negative. I found the experience personally enriching. I also believe I will look at modern art with more openness and search for hidden messages. Still to be honest one sometimes has to feel taken advantaged of by some so called works. As they say not all that glitters is gold.  But bravo for this MOOC offering!
I enjoyed the course itself very much, and I intend to use ideas gleaned from it in my English classroom; however, I was not satisfied with the rating of the final project.  I put a LOT of work into it, including eight artworks AND eight corresponding works of literature that inspired the art, and someone ( a peer, not an instructor) kept giving me "poor" as a rating. Not that I expected that ALL would be 3's, but a 1 is not a fair grade. Just my two cents.
There ahould be stricter guidelines as to the peer gradings. I say this because my first submission of the curated images assignment was unfairly graded by someone i had graded and unfinished. Their assignment was only 1 image with a theme title so i reportesnit as unfinished. They retaliated with a low grading. I had covered all point asked. Is the rules are stricter this couod be avoided. Or having a authoritative assessment by a tutor wouod be good too.
I loved everything, did not have a single complaint until yesterday when I found many technical difficulties concerning uploading the set of images, giving feedback to others. Now I cannot open my certificate. Other than that, I enjoyed the course, all the stories behind the artworks that I loved and about those which I’ve never seen before. It was short, yet time consuming- I thought all the topics were interesting and engaging. Thank you.
Well organised course on modern art, with a diverse range of artworks, arranged under themes, and good resources and materials for reference. Forum discussions are enriching with valuable contributions from participants. The end of course assignments could just be refined to guide participants towards completing the course. Highly recommended for anyone just curious what modern art is about.
Enjoyed the course as content was interesting , relevant, and engaging. As I am not  able to use the computer as well as younger students I found it difficult to know what tasks I was to complete at times. It took me longer to navigate around the pages. I had difficulty uploading the pictures to the site, possibly this is because I am in another country?  Thanks for providing this course
There were some really intereting and educative modules in this course but also a few technical hitches.  I was unable to upload images on my weekly review for the first couple of weeks (no icon bar in the review box) and then, at the end, unable to ready the feedback on my assignment.  Despite sending messages to the technical support team, I never received any help with my queries.
Really enjoyed the course, would have liked the lessons to each individually go deeper into their themes, I loved the introductory videos the best and wish those had been longer than 2mins on average and more in depth. The breadth of artists featured was great but would have loved the video content to go deeper as I am very much a video learner.
I really enjoyed the course.I learned a lot of things about specific pieces of modern art with some of which I was familiar to and with others I wasn't.The only thing I would say this course lacks is the fact that there are not enough assignments to work on and so we can not use our imagination and knowledge to write something inspiring!
It's a great course, but I cannot find a way that it will be directly influent to my career, even as a creative director. It's always good to learn new perspectives but it's kind of a "curiosity course" than a professional one - for example, Seeing Through Photographs, it's being more interesting to me.
The content was interesting and the short introductory vides for each week excellent, with a narrator far above the usual standard. The fora were a bit odd, with little interaction and what seemed to be a mix of study periods, with some comments from months ago presumably from past runs of the course.
I thought this course was about art and related ideas.  To my surprise is has a teaching focus which I did not anticipated and which has no interest for me.  I did not do the final project because it does not  interest me.  Thank you for the art part, wish there would have been more of it.
On the one hand it's interesting course with cool (!) visualisation. On the other - it's very simple themes to discuss and there is a usual way to understanding process in art and society.I hope you add new lectures about some directions in modern art, utility art and something like this
Interesting and easy to follow. A good introduction to modern art, although I believe paying 44€ for the certificate is too much, and it would probably be worth it a lot more if there were more themes to explore and they were covered more in depth. But the lesson itself is great.
I very much enjoyed learning of new artists and artworks in this course, though I thought that, at times, there could have been more in-depth parallels drawn between the works and art movements, as well as maybe further required reading to augment the depth of the lessons.
It was a good course. It provided some interesting food for thoughts. It gave a second point of reflection about contemporary art and helped me to understand more about contemporary art shortening the distance that sometimes we experience while watching a contemporary work
I enjoyed this course very much.  It was a survey, but there were many art pieces explained in a way that was easy to understand.  For me, there was just the right amount of reading, video, quizzes, and activities.  I appreciate the time put into creating this course.
Excellent course with outstanding materials. Also really enjoyed the peer reviews which introduced me to yet more art. My only criticism would be that sometimes it was a bit hard to navigate (but obviously not that hard as I was able to work it out in the end!)
The course was informative and rather well structured. One can learn about a great deal of diversity of art themes. I would prefer to have an introduction to how we should build our articles (assignments), not only pure description of the artworks.
Very interesting way to introduce someone to modern art. This course made me discover a lot of interepretations from artists that I didn't even know before or knew but was explained. If you want to get into it, this is probably the way to go
I did really enjoy the videos, the interviews to artists, the pictures and the idea of teaching through themes. The interaction with other trainees was also interesting. Trying to produce an artwork was challenging and fun. Thanks!Rachele
I'm glad to have done this course. I'm a Modern Art lover and I've enjoyed all the program, both the artworks and artists I already knew, as the ones I've discovered. I hope to repeat with similar courses soon. Thank you!
Very enjoyable course especially appreciated at this time of lockdown. I really enjoyed the live conference and the creative element in the course. It made me think and challenged me and my art practice.
I enjoyed this course, but am still trying to catch up on the reading! :) I would have loved to see a few more weeks, with perhaps longer and more in-depth videos and more themes and examples. I
Ithink this course is unbelievably usefuland exciting but there weren't much information about educational method which was essentual,in my opinion. Thank you for your gripping course!!!
I wasn't sure what to expect from this course. It served a a good introductory course and I'd like to see more courses that delve sections of it and focus on that particular content.
It is good but I thought of it too short. I would have loved to see more artworks for every theme.It was good, not a must but good enough to use your time on if you are an art lover.
What you'll provide will be the mirror of what you'll get as global result.  The course is a fine way to become connected to the modern art,  especially into american modern art.
LOTS of content if one have a lot of time, one can dig really deep into the subject. Very enjoyable videos.  Also the themes by which the images are sorted is quite unique.
This course was enjoyable. Content was good. It was a pretty easy pace, and most of the content was for thought provocation and reflection rather than "busy work."
I had so much fun taking this course. I learned much more about how to think and view art and appreciated how digestible the learning modules were. Thanks!
I really like this course. I just have one comment: The learners are so few that there're not anyone to grade my assignments to help me pass the class.
Nice easy going way of learning something interesting and new for non-art professionals. Easy and short lectures, good exercices if you have the time.
Introduction course to be guided through curators to appreciate and interpret contemporary works of artists in their historical and personal context.
The course was an amazing experience that really changed my perspective on a lot of things but I would've preferred if it was a bit more interactive
Assignment submission is difficult and certificate is not available although I got an email but don't know how to download or receive certificate.
As a total new beginner, this course is really great and interesting. I've learn a lot about modern art in general and work of art in particular.
I resisted the peer review at first but embraced the concept and now truly value applying what I learned and sharing my thoughts and expression.
FUN AND INTERESTING COURSE BUT I FOUND THE INSTRUCTIONS DIFFICULT AT TIMES TO UNDERSTAND AND THE ASSIGNMENTS BLOCKED BY COMPUTER DIFFICULTIES.
This is a pretty good course.  Lots of quality videos taken from museum materials.  Feels somewhat bitty, but I did learn a number of things
It was really fun and exciting for someone who had no background in the arts. It was also quite easy for me comprehend the ideas.
It was nice, but should be more informative, Even now I am struggling to interpret a Modern Artwork and Lifestyle of Artists.
Good idea to present a selecection of art and artists across 4 different themes instead of following a timeline approach.
For me was very refreshing, i could to know about new artists and definitively aclare my thoughts about Modern Art.
lots of interesting concepts, and structure is easy to understand! could have broadened concepts a little more
Easy to digest but yet aslo challenging at the same time. I really enjoy the course and how it was presented.
I really enjoy peer review.  I believe we learn from that but, I also think we need more instructor review.
I enjoyed learning! Thank you. Just to let you know, there are a few  links that are no longer accessible.
It was great to learn about contemporary art and it helps scrutinize general world objects differently,
A really great introduction to art, and shown in a fresh, interesting and innovative and engaging way.
IT's a course about how to teach ideas and modern art. Very interested. I recomend it to art lovers!
A great beginners course to modern art and its key ideas. I would highly recommend! Thank you MoMA!
I really enjoyed learning more about familiar artwork and being exposed to new art and artists.
Great course and art to ponder on. The platform is a little clunky. Thanks for making me think.
It wasn't clear when I signed up that the course was focused on educators.  i still enjoyed it.
Nice information about Modern and contemporary art.  General information, with good resources.
Thought provoking course topics. Very high level of course production as per usual from MOMA.
While the course is interesting - I believe it can be more in depth and cover more art works
It was an interesting course, however I would expect it more interactive and more “live”.
Good information. Can be a bit longer. Completed too quickly. Can improve on the quizzes
I LOVE ALL THE DIFFERENT FORMS OF ART AND EXPRESSIONS + THE COURSE WAS SHORT AND SWEET
Strong collection of artists to review and study. Substantial content for the course
Interesting and learning something new apart from engineering makes me feel good.
Good way to learn how to present an art work and express personal interpretation.
It was an interesting course but a lot of work, especially the final assignment
For teachers mostly but we do learn a lot about art and its major themes
Very good this course of modern art I learned new things I had fun.
easy course but the lecturers do know what they are talking about
This was a very good start form me for understanding modern art.
I think is a nice course, it should have more artworks per theme
Great course!!! Now I know more about modern Art and creativity
Intersting and lots of resources, Ireally enjoyed this course.
Great course, quick, modern, useful, interesting and funny!
enjoyed the concepts and learned something new about arts
I enjoyed learning this course thoroughly............
i love the videos, easy to understand and lively : )
very complete course. Different perspectives
Good introduction of modern art! I like it!
Materials and subjects are well chosen.
very nice introduction for artist mind
Good time spend reading about stuff
I really appreciate this course
Very complete and inspiring
Interesting Class.
Very nice classes!
so far really good
What a genuinely refreshing course that really caught me attention. Well done to the team behind this course as I am more interested in modern art after completing this course than ever before.
I really enjoyed this course and the way art was discussed based on theme rather than chronologically. My only issues with the class were the frustrations with the quizzes being graded incorrectly.
This course is really amazing, it has opened my eyes to so many new concepts and approaches that I didn't know about. It is also really well structured, and there are lots of complimentary (and reliable) sources to go to for extra learning.
It has been a very wonderful course. I love the museum as a cultural space and now I love it more for its commitment to online education and giving us the opportunity to learn in different countries.
The whole program was very well organized, and I liked how the themes were not in chronological order. All the narration and artists’ talk were interesting and highly informative. Thanks!
The course has expanded my understanding of art at different
levels. There is a lot more to art than capturing beauty. It has increased my
scope of expression as it is not restricted to colours and canvas now.
this course was the most interesting course that I have ever had. I learned lots of special things about the artist and their artworks and it leads me to find my way in my art career. thank you.
This course is like a revelation to me. There is so much thing I did not know about critical thinking especially through art. Very recommended to anyone who ever thought art is a trivial thing.
Para todos aquellos que estan buscando un desafio en el rubro del arte y entender mas sobre ciertas cuestiones me parece que es un buen curso para tomar. En mi caso yo quise seguir aprendiendo ingles y esto fue un desafio ya que ademas de estar aprendiendo sobre el rubro en el cual trabajo ademas le sume la barrera idiomatica.  

For all those who are looking for a challenge in the field of art and understand more about certain issues, I think it is a good course to take. In my case, I wanted to continue learning English and this was a challenge since, in addition to learning about the area in which I work, I also added the language barrier.
Really enjoyed this course! Well organized/developed, and even for a museum buff, like me, offered great ideas, and perspectives in ‘looking’ and ‘understanding’ art, and particular  artist’s process.
This course was completely great and was so interesting! It was much more than just video lectures and readings, but a full world of art with cool podcasts and YouTube videos!
I took the course because I'm an Art enthusiast and a hobby artist. Previously I was disgusted at anything called "Modern Art" because it made no meaning to me, maybe I just encountered the wrong or naive pieces of work, or I think the major reason I had no complete idea what Modern Art stood for. I was a staunch follower of depictive fine arts, but this course has changed my views about the subject and now I see this domain with a fresh and a better perspective. This course was actually fun to take and I'm motivated to watch the videos again and again as they have been made to be very interesting and the readings though lengthy were quite good. It was a great course andI hope MoMA gets more courses like this on Coursera. I would love to take more of these.Thanks MoMA and Coursera
This course gave me great inspiration for my new paintings and designs! Thank you MoMA and Coursera!
Very easy to learn with this system, all the info and themes were so helpful.
I loved all the descriptions and information
I loved the course. Thank you very much for this activity, I enjoyed it very much.I have a comment about the platform and the videos and the assignments, about the first ones, as in week 4 the text was not loaded, so I could not save my notes and in the assignments, they are a bit confused and the platform does not help. The activity where I was supposed to upload 5 to 10 images, did not load the text so I did everything within one image (text, works, links, title, what kind I was referring to...) The fact is that my evaluation was not good because the evaluators did not see or read my text within the image.________Me encantó el curso. Muchas gracias por esta actividad, la disfruté mucho.Tengo un comentario con respecto a la plataforma y los videos y las tareas, respecto a los primeros, como a las semana 4 no cargó el texto, con lo cual no pude guardar mis notas y en las asignaciones, están algo confusas y la plataforma no ayuda. La actividad en donde se suponía que debía subir de 5 a 10 imágenes, no me cargaba el texto por lo que todo lo hice dentro de una misma imagen (texto, obras, enlaces, título, a qué clase me refería...) El hecho es que mi evaluación no fue buena porque los evaluadores no vieron o no leyeron mi texto dentro de la imagen.
This has been an amazing course for me. It really enriched my understanding about modern art, and it introduced me to so many pieces of work and artists that I did not previously know about. I absolutely loved the videos and visuals, and the input of people who actually work MoMA. It also made me see abstract and surreal art in a different light. While previously I would have shrugged off abstract and surreal art as being too esoteric for its own good, I was able to understand the concept of surrealism a lot better through this course. I also really appreciated the reading materials for this course, and how precise yet detailed they were. Doing this course has helped me have  a multifaceted view of different kinds of art, and I am incredibly grateful for having had this opportunity.
I absolutely loved this course. It was very well structured and at the right pace. I loved how it pulled in all the strands of different art from painting, to sculpture to installations. I found it both interesting and challenging. The quizzes were great, and you cant wing it - I know cos I tried! The written piece at the end tested me but in a really good way. I was forced to think about what I had learnt and to apply it. This has given me confidence to try another course but has also increased my curiosity for modern art. Highly recommend to anyone and thank you MOMA/Coursera for putting this on.
It is one of the best
experiences of online learning I´ve ever had. So complete and attractive, bringing
together wonderfully written texts and so well made videos. To see the work and opinions
of other students and the possibility of expressing opinions about people´s
works and visions, made the course even more complete.My enthusiasm grew with
every chapter and my love for art and the wish of knowing more about it, as
well as my decision of working in and for art, increased too.Thank you for this
wonderful experience!Nahir Márquez
Great course!!! It helps to understand Modern Art and to look around with a different approach. Also that course open your world and bring new ideas.
I am an intellectual, well trained, and professional computer specialist. It is obvious that I have some cultural knowledge. Five -six years ago, after being retired, I turned back to an old and stable hobby of mine -  painting, and I decided that this time I will do it the right way. I found a painter, with a lot of practice in teaching, that I felt that she might be the one. I asked to do it from the beginning: sketching and drawing, then painting with dry and wet pastels, charcoal,  carving, and printing,  painting with acrylic and oil paints, watercolor, etc.  She decided that I am good and throughout these years I became a beginner artist, spending from 3 hours to ~ 45-50 hours per week in artistic actions. Lately, I felt that I need knowledge, mainly with the modern art, but not only. IO Begun with "What is Contemporary Art?" and after the very good start and in the right direction I have got a pointer to "Modern Art & ideas". You might say now, "Okay, a too-long foreplay, but at last..." and the course was almost excellent. Almost - because I needed more in the same surrounding and direction. and maybe a little deepening, too. I was happy with the versatility, the enlarging group of artists in every category and level. A surprising enjoyment I have found in the peer reviews, I hope that I did not offend anybody. But it delighted me to search for the materials in many museums around the world and appreciate the text. In the past, I was a software quality assurer.
I really enjoyed seeing a lot of the pieces. But there is a reason for the D. Lange pictures of the westward migration. It has me recall the stories that my grandfather told of the dust bowl and the move of the family . He waited till 1980 to move back, My uncle had started planting 3years earlier and found water before making the move. Funny that I left over the fracking later. There was I huge fight with the family over the money offered. I read the reports with my Pop and found that there was no way that the cement casing would hold up. Needless to say that the money won and our well was poisoned. I spoke to my father maybe half a dozen times after, but we never were able to repair the damage. Had a great home but the land was crap and earth quakes so here I am in Michigan. Where their trying to ruin the water here. I am amazed a the way money trashes everything.
I enjoyed this course.  It was like going to the MOMA and having a very good audio guide.  The course requires that you bring your life experiences and all of your knowledge in other fields like culture, philosophy, history, etc.  That was what it so interesting.It is important to engage in the discussion forums because that is where any feedback will come from -even had one of the staff respond.  The final assignment is peer-reviewed which is kind of cool but those at the end of the unit that you submit are simply given a "pass" by the computer if you do hand it in.  In other words, you get out of this course according to the effort that you put in.  Being older, I had a bit of trouble navigating the  on-line format but it was forgiving in the end.
In these terrible days of Pandemic, the pain, the uncertainly and the anguish had my mind and soul disturbed. Focussed on What really matters to me and I love ART in all manifestations, my knowledge of Ancient Art is extensive but this MoMA Course Art & Ideas I has started me in a new space with initial tools , many previosly unknow Modern Artists now as loved as my Classical Friends. Art is everything that make us better people a better wordl. Maybe I am a incorrigible romantic although death lurks the wordl... Art, Artists and their works will remain.I am very grateful to Coursera, MoMA, and the entire Art & Ideas course team for this great and beautiful gift they have given me.......
This is an excellent website to learn everything about art. It has a good method to learn, with photos, audios and characters. I have been very exciting when presenting the course, but I have not imagined the great decision I made when I took classes with moma coursera, and the challenge that has been for me, being a Hispanic person, and everything there was related to a new language , that although I study and understand it, not yet to perfection, but it has helped me a lot of practice. All I have to say is that it has been the best experience I have had so far. Thank you for considering me part of the moma course. c:
A really interesting course, I enjoyed it a lot whilst it gave me much more insight into works that I love. It helped me understand the messages behind some of my favourite works and works that I may have never discovered had I not taken this course, whilst providing  me with the skills to help me write about art. The course shone a new light on art that explored very interesting themes. The end of module assignments and weekly reflections were extremely helpful in developing my responses to art works and helped me create my own art. In my opinion a great course!
Inspiring & elaborative. This Course should be considered as a Model for each course in Coursera. Their style of transferring information is amazingly simple and yet very intriguing. What I admire most is however that each source at the Reading Part is open to public. This helps people to benefit from the course in full. In addition, the reading list is extremely detailed. It offers numerous alternatives. Even though each reading material of the courses cannot be made open to public, I believe at least the alternatives may be increased as done under this Course.
This course has unraveled the mysteries of art to me, and has pointed out to me that art is not an abstract and distant concept which only art connoisseurs can understand, but surrounds our everyday lives. Art is a way to express one's ideas or belief, and I have learnt to appreciate the subtleties and hidden meanings through the excellent readings and videos in this course. This course manages to strike a good balance between selecting famous paintings as well as those which are not very well known. Looking forward to more courses by MoMA in the future!
I have really enjoyed the content of this course, and it's certainly helped me understand more about the intentions of the artists included. I haven't really used the discussion forums because I couldn't quite get my head around how they are organised, although I did enjoy sharing my work and seeing other people's work at the end of each week in that forum. I've enjoyed the challenge of the weekly assignments and the two at the end (cutting to be within the word count was a good challenge!)  Really great learning materials and content. Thank you.
I am a little over halfway through this course and I would recommend it to any teacher, or any person who just loves art. Exploring themes in modern art is presented in an accessible way through short engaging videos. There is a resource list with further readings to help you get as in-depth with the topics as you would like, and a list of artworks used in the lesson so you can refer to all of them at once. I plan to do more MOMA courses on Coursera, and hopefully visit MOMA sometime soon! (This review was written by a teacher and former art maj
Excelelnt introduction to the way we can think about modern art. The chapters were organized in a way that enhances absorption and retention of the ideas. This format of starting a brief intro section at the beginning of every chapter, followed by a more in-depth discussion, then in a third section tkaing it further with readings, quizes, and short essays works for me. If ever MoMA decides to put on another course to further explore other ideas, or perhaps take what we learned here to the next level, I will be most interested.
I'm really glad that I took this course. I've found the lessons very interesting and fun. The extra material is really good as well and the topics discussed are great. There are people from all around the world and I think it is fullfilling to have the opportunity to see so many different cultures and opinions together taking about art. I would like to congratulate the group responsible for Modern Art & Ideas for the excellent job putting all this together. I will definitely take part in another MoMA course.
The course "Modern Art & Ideas" is very interesting, informative, but not too much. Just enough if you are inetested in or at least tolerate Modern Art. The course provides a lot of resources for selt-learning  and gives you a slight idea how various art is, how important is it to look deeper in it and in youself.I would recommend this course for everyone who likes new ideas and alternative points of view on traditional things, but even more for those who were afraid of modern art or "didn't understand it".
Very informative. I revisited artists I knew much about and learned about several artists new to me. The wealth of information in the multitude of extra links is amazing.  I particularly enjoyed the Week 5 short final essay and the assignment to curate a set of images. I appreciated the peer review process and I took great care to write thoughtful reviews for those peers whose work I reviewed. While I seem to have officially passed the course, I await the feedback, or peer review, on the images I curated.
MODERN ART AND IDEAS is an amazing trip!. Traveling through art pieces supported by impressive details and information that have enriched and motorized my passion for Art. Thanks, Mrs. Mazzuco for this incredible opportunity to learn and to share our opinions in forums. Every module encourages me to research more and more. In fact, I made a glossary about Art terminology that attaches me more in this fantastic world. Thanks again, definitely I will continue studying on Coursera.
A good entry  level course on modern and contemporary art. The themed approach works well and the artists are chosen carefully to give a broad overview of the subject. The additional reading material (some optional, other not) allows you to take your understanding to a slightly higher level. I think MoMA have used their resources well. The videos are well made, their collection provides a rich vein to tap into and their access to leading voices in the field is exceptional.
What I like most about MoMA's Art courses is that there is a very rich material, only accessible in the Museum's books and videos. In addition, the aesthetics of the materials available to the student makes all the difference. It is impossible to take a course in art with a sloppy aesthetic. The reproductions of book pages are not very inviting for reading but we can close an eye to this issue and remember that studying directly in MoMA books has a special glamor.
A truly wonderful way to spend this lockdown! Thoroughly enjoyed learning more about modern art as a discipline. Amazing to see how it connects to so much of life, both internally and externally. It has been wonderful to explore the capacity of art to reflect and influence the status quo. Also, as a BME person myself, it was lovely to be able to explore the work done by women and minority ethnicities. A brilliantly put together course. Many thanks to all involved.
Thanks to the works provided by the Museum of modern art and the wonderful interpretation of teachers. I have always thought that art is a bridge of communication between reality and imagination, and only those who truly understand the content and emotion of the works can get the true meaning of art. This course starts with different themes. It not only displays many impressive masterpieces, but also highlights our thinking about the real world.
Great course, it re-ignited my passion for art. Its structure was very solid, which is of great importance, especially for a subject like art, which is not solid at all. It made it possible to think about art in terms of themes, which in most cases were not very clear but nevertheless, were there. I recommend it all beginners who want to get a better understanding about art and to people who want to re-ignite their passion for art.
I was glad to take this course because it helped me look at contemporary art in a different way.  Each topic had carefully chosen artworks, and I gained background knowledge of how each piece was constructed by the artist.  I really liked reading others' viewpoints in the discussion section for each topic.  It really broadened my worldview as to concerns and interests of people who live in different places than me.
This is a really great course. I put in a lot of effort and learned a lot. The more of the extra work you do, the more that you will get out of the class. I really liked the artwork, the videos and the slides. Having graded quizzes helped me so much to check my comprehension of the material. This was my first coursera class and I have already  signed up for a second. Bravo MoMa, and the same to Coursera.org!
This is a well paced, well organised course.  It has just the right amount of information, presented both in video and as readings.  It has plenty of scope to extend yourself if you want to read more.  The assignments are not too difficult but do allow the participants to respond in considerable depth if they wish to.  I have thoroughly enjoyed this course and thank you for the opportunity to participate.
A great course to take if you're interested in modern art/abstract art/impressionism/abstract expressionism...The explanations are very precise in crisp videos. Slideshows and all the additional reading material are interesting. I've got many inspiring ideas for my own artwork. This course has made me a better artist - to see the spaces, the identities and the societies that are supposed to create art.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course offered by MOMA. The way the MOMA team present their courses is super professional and very creative. Extra care is taken with the films they offer in the course (always) and the extra reading content they offer feels like one's gets special access to their amazing archives and superior knowledge on Art as a whole. Thank you MOMA team, keep up the amazing work!!!
I find this course highly enjoyable. It actually urges me to explore further after completing this course. Highly recommended for anyone with or without art background to get a sense and touch to start or pick up. Also good for causal knowledge which may give you enlightenments. Thanks for having this course organized and I really enjoy the learning experience and have much to take home with me.
Thank you for creating this course. I thoroughly enjoyed it. I learnt about art work I have seen throughout my life however never really spent the time to understand the meaning behind them or the artists. I’ve learnt so much as a result especially about the various themes. The course has also inspired me to join a local art club and I have also picked up a pencil and started sketching again.
Excellent.  The resources, material, and presentation made this the best course by far of those I have taken.  Many years ago, I was an art student that spent a lot of time looking at slides and listening to commentary.  Even jaded as such, I found the opportunity to actually learn and share with an International community.  I will seek out MOMA educational opportunities as they are superior!
This course has changed the way I approach contemporary art and given me the tools I needed to "look beyond what the eyes can see". I learned about many contemporary artists I did not know before and loved the excellent video lectures. The final peer review assignment is also a great way to wrap up the study and get to know about even more artists. Definitely very enjoyable and recommended.
It's a great course for people who are interested in art. The course is not trying to set a standard of how you should interpret the artwork, but sharing directions with you to help you better resonate with modern artworks. If you're interested in art, you should definitely try this course. Maybe not necessarily for learning purpose, but for enjoying so many excellent artworks from MoMA.
This was an excellent course, in terms of both the content and structure. The way the lessons and course material were presented was both interesting and manageable. The questions and final assessment ensured that I understood the concepts and ideas. I feel like I really learnt a lot about many interesting artworks and the ideas and meaning associated with them. Thank you so much.
I learned about New and Old Artists I had never seen before. Their work was very inspirational and very eye opening for me. They touched on a lot of subjects I touch on with my work. This was an amazing experience, the course was well thought out, although I could have done with less of the small print readings on the PDFs, but other than that, I thoroughly enjoyed it.
I'm just beginning courses on line,this one was the fourth I took and I must say it's was a great experience.I really enjoyed the material and the fact that I had to provide ideas with photographs for the forum,the exercises like the one with the ready made,it was fun.And the written reflection and essay were for me a challenge but I'm proud of what I accomplished.
Modern Art and Ideas course was an eye-opener for me. I have realised to what extent material and immaterial appearances can sometimes be misleading. Ugly ideas often cloak themselves in resplendent garbs in order to produce an impression of virtue. Meanwhile, beautiful ideas are often those wearing the tattered mantle and being vilified for standing their ground.
I think this course allowed me to learn more about all the different aspects of art, and I think this is quite important because you don't learn it at school. On the whole, the course was well-organized, the themes were presented in a simple but interesting way so you were encouraged to continue studying. I'm totally satisfied by the course "Modern Art & Ideas"!
''CONTEXT IS EVERYTHING''. i believe that this simple phrase that i picked up during the course will help me immensely in understanding and appreciating art. instead of immediately rejecting something as art because it isn't visually appealing, i will be more interested in the thoughts and circumstances of the artist at the time of the creation of his/her art.
Every video and slideshow makes the content of this course very very interesting. Before enrolling in this course, I didn't know anything about modern art to the point that I disliked it but with the modules and ideas explored in this course, it was an eye-opening and mind-broadening experience for me. No one should think twice about enrolling in this course.
Perfect course for understanding Modern Art, the course classifies Modern art not in stiles or time of creation, but in 4 modules based on the theme of the artwork. that helps to learn how to understand, analyze and evaluate the works of art on your own and also provides a lot of very interesting lectures about different works of art, widening your knowledge
It has been a spectacular course. I appreciate the possibility of having participated. It has allowed me to learn about techniques, meanings, and the language with which modern artists differentiated themselves from their predecessors. I was able to meet new artists for me who express their social reality or identity. Again thank you very much !!!!!!!!!
This course was great for several reasons. The timing was just right to get an in depth introduction on how to use art in education. The materials provided were excellent and the films were great and not too long. Assessment was well thought through and thorough, and included peer assessment, enabling us to increase our understanding even further.
It is really amazing how keeping up with this course for only 2-3 hours weekly would reinforce so intensly my engagement to Modern Art and help me take a bit more time to explore everyday things in life, looking for their new perspectives and meanings!A big "bravo" to everyone who has worked on creating such a structured and inspiring course!
This courses played a huge part in me getting my foot in the door of modern art, The instructor have done a terrific job of linking art masterpiece to everyday life , enabling us to generate reinfections and artistic perspective and learn to appreciate beauty and creativity around us . I will continue my exploration of art world with MoMA !
This is a first class course from MoMA. It challenges you to think about the concepts and ideas presented through works of modern art. The resources are excellent, as are the facilitators. I thoroughly enjoyed this learning experience and have no hesitation in recommending it to anyone who wishes to deepen their understanding of modern art.
I really enjoyed this course. The ideas were clearly articulated, and furnished with great examples from the Museum's collection. The assignment at the end of the course gave me a great opportunity to critically think about pieces from a different angle, and the course certainly gave me new tools for looking at art - some of which I already
Really enjoyed this course. It was organized well - all the reading and videos were optimized for mobile screens. I learned so much more than I thought I would. The content Included both well-known and lesser known artists, tying them together In themes that were pervasive across the modern art spectrum. 10/10 would recommend to a friend.
中文 (English below) ：事例和图片都非常新颖、很高清，讲解角度也很独到。虽然内容不算是正统美术史一般详尽，但依旧提供了不错的思路。对我理解现代艺术作品也有帮助。The examples and images are in high-quality and the given perspectives are also clear and unique. Though this course is not the same as traditional art history, it still provides new ideas, which help me a lot with my understanding of contemporary art.
I enjoyed every week of the course! I loved that it made me look forward to learning more, focusing on different themes within the art paradigm. The lectures were fascinating and the reading was light and thought-provoking. I highly recommend it to anyone interested in learning more about famous and less known art pieces. -Romina Espinosa
This course was well planned and well presented. I felt it went into sufficient depth without being overwhelming. It was also interesting and enjoyable. It introduced me to artists I didn't know, as well as more well known ones.I really struggled with Quiz 5 but whether that was me or the quiz I don't know. A course well worth taking
Excellent course and I highly recommend it. It was very informative and enriching. Excellent material, thought provoking and engaging. If you are new to art or a long term art fanatic, there is something for everyone. Really wonderful how they present each weeks theme and artworks. Can't wait to do more courses with MoMA. Thank you!
I just have to say a huge THANK YOU.This is by far one of the best courses I ever attended. Lessons are flawlessly prepared and one learns  without an effort, and yet -oh!- learns and develops so much.I hope this course will stay active on Coursera forever. It 's an immense value to any artist or person interested in art. THANK YOU.
This course was amazingly rich and introduced me to many artworks I was not familiar with, as well as  very well known artworks. It gave me insights that aided my reflection and understanding of artworks created in Australia. I would highly recommend this course to lovers of art or those who want to expand their own art knowledge.
This is the best course I've experienced on Coursera! The videos are very internet-y, in a good way--high production value, interesting, quick, and engaging visually. The people who put this course together did it in a way that is so interesting and informative that I wish they offered more courses. I'd take anything MoMA put out!
I think it's a great place for anyone looking to learn about and be inspired by the arts. There's a lot of art out there, both new and old, and the course does a great job by providing you with the knowledge to view and understand art. I will most likely take up the Contemporary Art course in the future based on this experience.
This course is ideal for anyone who wants to know more about modern art, and understand it thoroughly. The videos and presentations are engaging, and the workload of the course is not too much. The topics covered are quite interesting, and by the end of the course one is easily inspired enough to complete the final assignments.
The course is great. The course offers videos,
articles and online resources which was originally by Moma, it covers
significant knowledge of art history and broadens my insight of art, I’ve
gained a deeper understanding of contemporary art and why so many works of
contemporary art are different from the ones that came before.
I loved the many different types of art used to show how vast the modern art world is. The pieces the instructors chose to demonstrate the themes were not "everyday" works of art, but more more unique and showed a fresh perspective. I really enjoyed learning about artists who were new to me and the ideas behind their work.
Excellent course, I loved the topics that the course were divided into and the range of resources to interact and understand the artwork with. The course explored classic works in new, exciting ways, as well as introducing me to new and wholly original works. I have learnt to look at artwork with a keen and critical eye.
The different topics are well presented with concrete examples from Moma's collection. I really appreciate the focusing on three artworks (first video) which give a first overview and the the resources provided. I understood many aspect of modern art on which I couldn't put word when I was going to museums. Thanks a lot.
Excelent course to learn the basics of the modern art with high quality audiovisual content, written material and curated resources. I enjoyed very much all the lectures, the quizzes and the final assignments. It is also a lovely art community from all nationalities. I will miss this course! Thank you Moma and Coursera.
It has been an amazing opportunity to enroll to this course. It has been structured in a very interesting way and it was highly enlightening for me. Will definitely recommend it to anyone who would like to gain some experience in critical thinking on the topic of Modern Art, and also to gain knowledge on the very topic.
I absolutely enjoyed this course.  It reminded me why I really love Art and what it can bring to the world to humanity and to your inner spirit.  Having the audio accompany the work of art really helps.  It was like having your own private tour in a museum and gave you a broad understanding of Modern Art to reflect on.
Thanks to this course in my working notebook there were such projects which would not be for certain for a very long time, and, perhaps, never.  Many thanks to all the people who make such training possible. My works became more meaningful and I finally accepted myself as an artist! Now I'm more sure of what I'm doing!
Absolutely superb course, with clear interesting videos with points that are easy to absorb...and then to get you reading more about it. The breath of the artworks chosen, as well as breaking these up into categories were a big bonus to help me into the world of modern art and ideas. Many thanks folks and keep going!
I am more interested in modern art after completing this course than ever before.I really enjoyed this course and the way art was discussed based on theme rather than chronologically. now I love the museum it more for its commitment to online education and giving us the opportunity to learn in different countries.
This was a thought provoking, tip of the ice-berg, inspiring and simple course appropriate for nearly anyone with an interest in 'the arts'. I will say also that crucial to 'getting' this topic and the most out of the course content you must do the final project. That is where the aha! moment awaits. Great course.
I thoroughly enjoyed the course and the subject was both interesting and engaging. I also appreciated the feedback and discussions held with my fellow students, this helped with understanding the subject better with a different perspective. I would definitely pursue other subjects with Coursera in the future.
Courses designed according to thematic perspectives make learning more than a single understanding of genres, painters, and techniques.
Throughout the learning process, I kept thinking about art and expression.
The combination of rich art forms and themes inspired my new understanding of art.
Favorite course
I really enjoyed this course!  I learned quite a lot, but for me the best part was to do the initial reading and video-viewing and then meander through other materials at MOMA.   My only complaint is about the technical glitches I have already reported in doing the final assignment.  Those should be fixed.
As Art History Major I thought this course would give me a little insight but did not expect much. I couldn't have been more wrong. I learned so many things my degree never taught me. I was even introduced to artists I didn't know existed! Great class and super interesting and well put together lectures!
This course was a great art history refresher.  I feel inspired to take more MoMA online courses to learn about MoMAs permanent collection and about modern art in general.  The last art history course that I had taken was about 15 years ago!  I feel energized to visit MoMA when it reopens post-pandemic.
The materials and readings are supplementary for the topic. Really enjoyed being able to discover so many works of art and understand it using the various themes of the course. Reviews and discussions are thought-provoking and I can say my interest for modern art has grown after completing the course!
I gained new information about contemporary art. I leart so much about it. Highly recommended course for art lovers. But you must have enough informatoion about art and movements, otherwise you can be awkard about the pictures which you will see in courses. Art is everywhere, juts try to capture them.
If you want to be able to appreciate modern art and have a deeper understanding of works of art that you are familiar with and those you are not familiar with from different perspectives, this course, given by MOMA educators, is for you.  You'll get a lot out of this course if  you put a lot into it.
This course was so enjoyable ! The units are well spaced , there is ample information and more if you want to read more deeply about a subject or artist. I loved the videos that introduce each week's theme. It  enhanced my understanding of modern art and made me want to try another course from MOMA.
This course has been very engaging departing a in depth and very apt knowledge on the topic and the themes within it. An era of entire Modern Art is consolidatd and put forward with precise content for all the genres learners. Its been an experience that i am glad i took during this quaratine time.
This course was a great overview of Modern Art and related concepts. It introduced a lot of artists that I was not previously familiar with. The presentation was a good mix of video and text. Reviewing other participants work provides a more "classroom" feel that some online courses tend to lack.
An absolutely marvellous experience! Taking this course has expanded my appreciation of modern art, given me tons of ways I can put to creative use what I've learnt, has introduced me to artwork I really regret not having known about earlier. It's been a transformative trip, and a very good one!
MoMA provides an organized,  wonderful, and easy to understand course that is often called art appreciation.  This course differs from ones I took in college, thankfully, by pleasantly presenting methods and themes for analyses.  I'm downloading all the presentations so I can watch them again.
The course is really thought provoking and it brings the modern art to me. Though this course, I understood some modern artwork I didn't think I could. It also arise my interest in this area and I'd like to learn more. Really looking forward to the other course provided by MOMA in the future.
I really enjoyed learning about modern art through this course. There were so many artworks I've never seen before and each had a very significant meaning behind it. I particularly liked the written reflection and the image curation project at the end of Week 5. Overall, I had a lot of fun!
Modern Art course by MoMA exceeded my expectations. It is well organised and keeps us engaged throughout the course. It is a good introduction to modern art for beginners and helps generate interest in modern art. I thoroughly enjoyed the course and look forward to other courses from MoMA.
The course is absolutely awesome. The material is really interesting (specially the videos) and the approach is very innovative, as you approach the art through topics (society, identity...). After doing this course, your perception of modern art will change completely. Highly recommended!
This course was enjoyable and inspiring to take.  I was able to learn about works that I had previous knowledge about in ways that I had not thought to look at them previously, as well as learn about new works.  This has opened up many areas that I wish to continue studying.  Thank you.
I am so pleased, satisfied and proud of taking this course. It has taught me a lot about modern art, contemporary ideas and how art means more than just beauty. I know how to start seeing more behind the art, to try to understand the ideas and the different ways they can be expressed.
Well ''curated'' and organized, very informative and thought provoking. A very interesting modern art course for art, photography and architecture enthusiasts. Being a hobbyist or an art related professional this course will definitely give you resources and present you to new ideas.
The course was well designed, and the themes served to highlight the different roles and achievements that art can take on. I'd only wish that there were more Eastern artworks featured, for a more holistic view. Overall a fantastic course, and I'm thrilled to have been a part of it!
I truly enjoyed the course by MoMA. In my opinion, it's a good idea to take thecourse for both the people with some background in arts and for those who are only beginners. amazing presentations and some additional literature to be involved in the world of Modern & Contemporary art.
I took this course because i knew very little about modern art and wanted to understand it more. I came away with a much better appreciation of modern art. I was introduced to so many pieces of art that really moved me and I've shared a lot of what I've learned with other people.
This was such an amazing course, I learned a lot and it made me aware of such great artists! I loved the themes of each week, especially places&spaces. From now on, whenever I see a painting that is striking to me, I'll do some search about it and think on it more deeply. Thanks!
I really enjoyed the course. The activity I liked the most was actually the last one, because I could read the essays of my peers (from all over the globe!), give my feedback and also get feedback about my text. I got really dear comments :) We should have more peer assignments
This course offered rich content and incredible discussion formats where classmates shared dialogue and original artwork as a shared community during a difficult Covid-19 era. Connecting with people from all over the world in a shared art community brought sunshine to my world.
It was an amazing journey through the rich history of Modern Art and the ideas that has been influencing the entire human civilization. The course content is too rich to be pursued by any art enthusiast. I am really thankful to MOMA and Coursera for this wonderful opportunity.
I have always thought of Modern Art as something that is meaningless or vague. This course taught me a lot about it and now I see Modern Art in a new light, confident to interpret and understand paintings. Brilliant videos and reading sources, a must course for all art lovers!
It was such a great pleasure  to follow that course. I am an art amateur and the older I get the more I appreciate modern art. I really really enjoyed this course although having no computer I had diffIculties in some parts of the course. Anyway thank you for the experience!!
I feel as though this course has really opened up my mind to new ways of looking at and understanding modern art.  I enjoyed it very much and discovered many new artists and works.  The final practical assignments were thought provoking and fun.  I would highly recommend it.
I did this course while I was feeling a little lost in my practice as an artist. This course inspired me to explore further with my creativity. And I am very glad I found this course. Plus I learnt quite a bit about modern art in america that I didnt know details about.
I enjoy the pace of this course and the lessons each week. The writing prompts were excellent and the quizzes were short and sweet, just enough to solidify what I had learned without feeling overwhelming. I learned a lot of about examining artworks through this course.
I like this course. It shows brief introductions and comments on famous artworks, which mostly exhibited in MOMA. I think this time when I come to MOMA I will appreciate the artworks with more knowledge about its creating backgrounds and its ideas artists wanna convey.
I so enjoyed this course- visiting famous works I knew but now have a new appreciation of both the art and an insight into the artist. I was introduced to new works which has been a fabulous journey  that has expanded my knowledge and emotional response to their works.
I really liked the course and would recommend it to those, who're interested in getting more familiar with modern art. A lot of new ideas around well known and less known art objects, interactive cooperation with classmates made the course quite an impressive journey!
I learned a lot about artists old and new! This course allowed me to explore many themes in modern art including beautiful, and very popular artworks by well known artists as examples of them. I also learned a lot about some of my own artwork while taking this course.
Really well-explained, with lots of different ways to engage with course material, and many opportunities to connect with learners. There's so much to learn and see and do that by the time the course ends, you will feel like you've only just begun and want to do more!
I am not a professional painter or artist but I had interest in painting and that is why I wanted to explore more in this field. Coursera provided me this opportunity through MoMA. This course was alluring and helped me developing more interest. Thank you Coursera.
Very interesting course. I understand that ability of art to document the  time, place and cultural identity of the artists. I got acquainted  with the works of contemporary arts and got aeththetic pleasure from their creativity ,style and reaction to the present.
I learned a lot about how to view different kinds of modern art works and how the artists express themselves.  All those make me to think how could I express more acurate about my points of view of surroundings not only by language but also by other abundant ways.
A very accessible and interesting introduction to Modern Art. The extra materials and learning via the Moma website are curated with thoughtfulness. I truly enjoyed this course so much and look forward to learning more through other Corsera classes and on my own.
This course on Modern Art and Ideas has provided me with in depth knowledge and understanding of the motivations and inspirations behind a creation of an art in modern time. This has also provided me an insight of evolution of various out of the box thinking.
This course is great! It develop critical skills for considering art in contemporary society and interpreting artworks. The course is well crafted in terms of the material, assignments etc. Participating in the forum makes the learning experience interactive.
In this course I learned to relate all aspects of time and space in which an artist operates. Aspects that lead to a particular sensitivity and poetic expressed in many different ways and creativity. I will certainly be struck when I approach an artistic work
This course is amazing. I absolutely loved the, albeit short, fun videos for each week. And the recommended readings make a great deal of it, which is great. Also, the focus on teachers was not something I was expecting, but that may be helpful in the future.
A great course where learning about art in the voice of its authors or MoMA specialists, turns learning into an enriching experience and full of relevant content to understand art in general. Very happy to have participated in this course and Thank you MoMA
I am very happy I decided to participate to this course. I loved the way the artists and artworks were in different themes and with this way I learned about different range of artists and artworks. I would only review the way the peers mark the assignments.
I have learnt so much about life and art together. Without life  experiences we wouldn't have art and life would be dull without art. So i am so proud of myself for taking this course. I feel like it was truly a good self investment... I Hope i finish it...
This was a great opportunity to learn about Modern Art from the MOMA! It is eye opening and really informative and will make you feel super smart and cultured :) PLUS you will learn about AMAZING creations from the rock star artists in the MOMA collection.
I really liked this course. I liked the lively video clips, the interesting reading materials, the quizzes and also doing two x 500 word assignments made it more valid and meaningful to me. I am looking forward to receiving my certificate. Thank you again.
I really liked this course because is a wholesome package and lets you learn from a lot of points of views on different topics. It helps you enhance your knowledge on modern art and understand some of the contemporary works thta sometimes get underrated.
This taught me to not skip the titles and descriptions of modern and contemporary art pieces. There's a lot more to it than one might think. It made me understand why artists did what they did as well as understand why I do what I do as an artist myself.
I really enjoyed this course and everything I learned from it. Definitely gave me a new perspective about modern art and how to read it, analyze it and contemplate it. I am very happy I went through it all the way, this is an amazing achievement for me.
Very interesting and amazing course. The artworks follow the logic of the theme, there are very engaging assignments.  The only I didn't like that the website isn't adapted for the final assignment (curate a set of images). Everything else was perfect!
A  course providing  inspiration as also  a quite rich and in depth knowledge about modern art and contemporary artists . I feel that I have  gotten a good ground to  further explore and understand as also enjoy modern art after completing the course .
This was something very different for me, but I found it really interesting. I liked the interactive nature of the course and the chance to share ideas with others. I've learned a great deal and really enjoyed reflecting on the different works of art.
I found this course stimulating and informative honing critical thinking skills and visual interpretations of art.  I was motivated by the instructor to further reading in several areas and discovered some "new to me" artists and works.  Great course!
I loved this course and benefited greatly and loved the art more and learned new things about the look of the artist and the look of the recipient of all kinds of arts Thank you very much to everyone who participated in the presentation of this course
Absolutely loved the way the course is constructed, very professional, very insightful, kept my attention until the end. Definitely developed my interest for modern art and gave me first knowledge and passion to learn more! I recommend it very much!
This course not only educates but opens the mind and teaches to look at the artworks from an ampler perspective. From my point of view, this is a course perfectly designed to open the minds of the students. Thank you. I'm waiting for a second course
This course made me understand modern art better, it helped me get out of my comfort zone and think about ideas for assignments. The only thing that I would like, is to be more assignments graded by peers or instructors, which is really helpful.
I was pleasantly surprised by the amount of critical thinking required by this course.  I was expecting to have to provide more subjective review of abstract art and surreal art, but instead I found I could be more objective than I'd expected.
This course was great! It gave a really good overview of a lot of themes in modern art and provided great peices to dive further into that theme. Definitely would recommend on taking this course if you're interested in art or are new to art.
This course provides an unique angel in explaining contempopary art. It is very helpful in that it uses many representative pieces of arts in conveying the concepts, and it provides additonal resources if you want to know more. I enjoyed it.
It was wonderful! The format in small videos and short readings kept the pace, and never allowed interest to wane. I was excited and looking forward to the next part, and am sorry it ended. Congratulations, great job with this course plan.
Really nice course materials with a different way of looking at Art studies than I was used to. Lecture is divided into themes rather than different "isms" on a timeline. I enjoyed this approach much more and highly recommend the course.
This is an amazing introductory Course that helped me to identify the Artwork Techniques and learn about the different Artist profile and their motivations to create this great artwork pieces, definitively one of the best I ever attend
This is a great course for those looking to delve in to the world of Modern Art. For a novice like myself, the slide shows, videos and reading material really opened my eyes to where and how, and by whom, modern art first came along.
I really enjoy work on this website and thanks to coursera to give me some such of wonderful opportunity to learning different arts and artists their work main important thing is the principle of design work in art also thanks for it
Loved it! It was great to learn more about that covers the walls of the MoMA. Loved that we got learn about the history of so many wonderful pieces of art and engage in assignments to better understand the themes throughout the week!
The multiple modules concentrating on a specific theme have enabled easier understanding and succeeded in grasping the attention  of a student towards speedy completion of course along with complete comprehension of stated artifacts.
Every time I do a MOMA course, I deepen my understanding of art and indeed I generate new ideas. The course is engaging, full of new knowledge and inspiring in terms of the influence these courses have on the generation of new work.
This course was well-designed and extremely interesting.  I've taken other academic courses on Modern Art and have spent a lifetime as an admirer of Modern Art and yet found this course informative and insightful.  Highly recommend.
MoMA is a guarantee. This is my second course after "Seeing through photographs" and it confirmed the first impression: amazing themes and infinite quality resources to study on. Thank you so much for sharing top quality content.
Really inspiring course! Gave me a completely new appreciation for Modern Art which will totally change my museum experiences forever. It stretched my mind and I really enjoyed the written weekly reviews and end of course work.
Even though I'm not on the path of becoming a museum educator or art teacher, I found this course to be very worthwhile. I feel that it really deepened my understanding of art, both in terms of how to approach it and create it.
-really smart and interactive way to learn about modern art-massive resources on the MOMA website-very flexible , you can finish the course to you pace , no need to wait for scheduled lessons or stress about accumulated ones
This has been an exceptional course where I have learnt a lot of expressions that could be derived from present art and how we can also convey meaning through everyday art. Brilliantly crafted course that has unique topics.
This is an amazing excursion to the modern art connected with the past and the present in on the same historical line that does not exist if we are talking about art in general. Thank you so much. The course has moved me!
When I started this course I couldn't even imagine that I got a such great information!I never liked modern art. But now I know that I just didn't understand it. Modern art brings us ideas. It calls up us and inspired.
The course was so interesting to me.  I like the way that the lessons are distribuited and the way that we aproved the course by the judgement of another student. That kind of things make the course dinamic and unique.
This was a very enjoyable course which gave me a lot of information on Modern Art. It has given me a whole new appreciation for art and I'm really looking forward to visiting some galleries with my new found knowledge.
A great introduction to Modern Art & Ideas. With no previous art experience and little knowledge on modern art, this course enabled me to learn about key themes, movements, and artists at an entirely accessible level.
I really liked the course, the interaction between the participants, but above all I liked the way each work is explained, and the reading material of the artists. I already recommended it to several people. Thank you
This has been an inspiring journey, it changed my perspective on contemporary art. I learned new things  and really enjoyed the videos, readings and assignments. I highly recommend the course. Thanks to the MOMA-Team!
Learned a lot about modern art & grew broader lenses; great course & aesthetically pleasing short videos!> When the retro feeling of intro-videos they've made are brilliantly high-qualities, you know it's from MoMA ;)
Fantastic course with a lot of useful discussion prompts and activities. I would like to add this course to the list of recommended courses as an organisational admin so that my students can benefit from it as well.
This is my first Coursera course and I have thoroughly enjoyed it! I would recommend Coursera to anyone looking for a MOOC that stretches the intellect with information  quizzes and a final assignment. Great stuff!!
Great video lessons and extra reading material to expand concepts and ideas. The course has also very good rhythm and short tests at the end of each lesson are great to understand the important points of the course.
An interesting overview divided in five, very easy-to-assimilate chapters with a good structure and nice "in depth" sections. For whoever wants to get inspired in their own work — even if it's not in the art field.
I have learned very much from this course and I know my fellow course takers as well that they would say the same. There are many more things to find out about modern art and this course provided those information.
I really enjoyed the course and found it to be very informative. The final projects were a great way to bring  together the topics covered in the class.  Looking forward to taking another MoMA course on Coursera.
This has been my first online course! I have explored new ways of refreshing my knowledge about modern art and exploring new themes and artists. The short video introductions and links have been so very helpful.
Very interesting course that makes you work your brains into thinking what art truly is about. It has definitely helped me opened my eyes and perspective in appreciating and knowing what modern art is all about!
Great learning through this course, Kindly guide i have joined througn my university, it was free for me how to get the certificate under the collaboration of my university, Lahore College for Women University
My only suggestion is just a bit easier navigation. For example, I wanted to see the rubric before I wrote my responses, but never did see it. However, I learned so much and thought it was expertly delivered.
Good courses, easy to understand, Thank you very much. It was very useful course and art provided very insightful information. I look forward to participate at your next course. All the best. Thanks Coursera.
Great course! It presents awesome topics to discuss and think about the role of the Modern art in our lives, exploring different topics such as the representation of the identity in the creations of people.
This course gave me a new understanding of modern art, and also about the artists and the works selected for the course. The content has been carefully selected and the reading material is very interesting.
So happy this was the first coursera class I took because it’s very interesting. Definitely learned a lot and have grown a deeper appreciation for modern arts. Very excited to take more classes from MoMA.
Highly recommend. I have been learning to paint for nearly 10 years now and I have struggled to understand the language used to describe art. This course has been an important stepping stone. Many Thanks.
I thought this was a very comprehensive overview course. The resources were varied and accessible. The material was interesting, and I feel more confident in viewing, reviewing, and discussing modern art.
The required reading is a bit long, and because it's all written, it's hard to go through at one time. So would there be some videos source instead I could use to facilitate learning in a more visual way?
Well this is well designed course to get the idea about how art is created; as a fine art graduate I will recommend this for first year fine art students who may have difficulties understanding the art.
I enjoyed this course very much. The introduction to new points of view, helped me enjoy and understand modern art. Meeting other artists, and the inspiration they left in me. Thank you very much MoMA!
It is a very refreshing course! I like that there are many seminal pieces discussed. This helped anchor and illustrate modern art and ideas. It is very comprehensive, accessible, and fun! Thanks, MOMA!
I really liked this course as it taught me to look and think about art differently. In the end, I learned to think outside the box a bit more. Thank you to all who participated in creating this course!
The course and its interesting approach to Modern Art open up a whole new way of looking at the works you see, helping to engage and create a connection between them and the reality that surrounds you.
Art and its Ideas.
It was great to have participated in this course, made me understand and learn about how important and how art plays a fundamental role in our lives, and in our social coexistence.
Very much enjoyed this course, I learned a great deal about what is encompassed in modern art, what was going on in the artist's mind when doing their art pirce, and what is considered modern art.
VERY VERY GOOD COURSE !!!!!! for learning, discovering , practicing and i have learned to appreciate all these abstract artists , or to understand their expression with our teacher C.D'Augustine .
I found it very interesting and challenging giving me deeper understanding of art as themes and why modern art was linked with the industrial revolution, media and relationship with its audience.
Excellent course ! Really enjoyed it and learned so much. Easy to follow and easy to complete. Thanks to this course, I will have a different eye on Modern Art. My personal goal has been reached.
Really liked the course! Many new artists and interesting works! And also I liked the tasks after each week, make me think and reason more. Thank you very much for the opportunity to learn a lot!
Hi good day.
I really liked this online experience, the works and themes, the readings and the opportunity to share experiences, I hope I can continue learning with Coursera, thank you very much
This course allows you to learn a lot of details about the work and artists who are represented in the Museum.Very interesting videos and articles with the statement of artists about their work.
An excellent course, with lots of interactive information and additional resources. The explanations are very clear and the selection of artwork is excellent and goes beyond the obvious choices.
An amazing course, it was very interesting. I learned not only many things that I didn't know, I also learned to understand the ideas of modern art.It was a pleasure for me to take this course.
Excellent course, content and the institution is incredible. Everything is very organized, making fluency in the construction of knowledge.

Thank you very much

Bernardo Lins
São Paulo Brazil
This course is amazing.  With all the material presented and available to be read and consulted, all topics presented are fascinating.  I will recommend it to all my friends.  Congratulations.
I aboslutely loved this course, it gave me the art inspiration that I needed to get back on track! Slight shame you have to then pay for the certificate at the end as it was described as free.
i think it's a great quick look on modern art and the different themes we can find in it. the videos and lectures are very interesting and i loved the idea of interacting with other students.
really enjoyable and informative! Fun final assignments. Option needed on grading: Rather than an all or nothing 2 points, there should be an option of 0/1/2 points for a partial grade of 1!
A very informative and interesting course, with a large variety of artwork and history. I could complete it without any time pressures, and I enjoyed the reflections at the end of each week.
This is a very good course, well prepared, with a high level of professional knowledge and assistance. You will get a lot of interesting and valuable information and even more inspirations.
Thank you very much for the experience and the possibility to learn new information about art. It was great to partecipate and I will definitely recommend to my friends and acquaintances.
I have enjoyed this course. It's inspiring, interesting, well-structured and not overwhelming. It consist of lots of short videos, pictures, articles and references. You won't be bored!!!
I loved this course! It was a great way for me to engage with art during chaotic times. I am grateful for having the time to have taken this course to expand my knowledge of modern art.
It is a really nice and easy course! I loved learning about all the art in this course. It is also not so hard to understand for those who don't speak English very well. Thank you MoMa!
This course is well worth the effort.  I've loved art all my life and now at 70and in a pandemic I've found timeto learn,, communicate andget reexcited about art and artists.Thank you!
Before this course, I've read/watched a lot materials of MoMA. This course divided modern art by its perspective, which gives me more things to think about. Those readings are awesome!
As a self-taught Syrian artist this course was a critical opportunity for me to learn about modern art. It has definitely expanded my artistic thinking and creativity to new horizons.
it was such a beautiful experience with MOMAi learned so much new things i never knew beforemore knowlodge about the modern arthave seen new worksi like to make more course with MOMA
I thoroughly enjoyed this class and felt like the information was presented in an easy way to both understand and retain. It was a course that I needed right now! Super appreciative.
Great stuff! Loved this course and would definitely recommend. I am inspired to get my hands dirty and do some art, thanks to this course I think I will be moving in new directions!
Really good course which was very much enjoyed especially during the times we are living in currently. Gives you the story behind the art and why was very informative and enjoyable.
I really enjoyed the materials of this course and the quality of the information.  The lessons were well laid out and the coursework easy to follow and complete in a timely manner
Very good at identifying some of the major themes throughout history. This course really inspired me to gear my art towards a specific theme instead of working off my imagination.
It was not easy to read and think aboulanguages that were not my mother tongue, but for that reason ,my  understanding of the artisuts and their works on the course has deepened.
Enjoyable and thought-provoking. The peer graded assignment challenged me to articulate and confront the questions I had been formulating throughout. Sign me up for the next one!
I've loved taking part in this course, learning in a flexible way and sharing with a fun community from all around the world. Thank you very much for this incredible opportunity!
This cours has a fresh new take on modern art; they are divided by themes, not periods or trends, which may not seem like much, but it does give a new perspective on modern art.
Great course, the information is very good organized, you can explore and learn very intuitive way to your measure, keep things interesting. I highly recommend it as a beginner.
I found this course to be entertaining, informative and engaging. I would recommend it to art admirers as well as practicing artist looking into learning more about modern art.
Wonderful course! I would recommended to anyone who enjoys any form of art. This course invites us to think critically, creatively and mindfully about the world surrounding us.
I took this course as a distraction during the global pandemic. It really made me think about art's continued importance in our world, as something very essential. Thank you.
Excellent, eye-opening course that gives you ample room to craft your own understandings as well as enough insight into the making of historic and breakthrough works of art.
Great beginner's course to learn about Modern Art. The readings are slightly more in depth but not too tough. It has definitely changed how I will appreciate art in museums!
It has been a great experience. I have learned a lot and have discovered new artists who have awakened new concerns in me. I would definitely do it again. I liked it a lot.
I found the course interesting and informative. I didn't like all of the individual art pieces or connect with them but overall, the ideas presented was helpful. Thank you.
I loved everything about this course! the resources, the themes explored, the forum discussions and the learning process! Would definitely recommend it to art enthusiasts.
Loved this course, well-organized, full of interesting material, engaging. Will continue to enroll in MoMA courses, I've completed two so far and they have been wonderful.
I thoroughly enjoyed the course, i gained a broader idea of what art is and practiced writing about it. I learned a lot while not being particularly burdened or stressed.
I love all the MOMA courses!  They are balanced and informative.  They provide me with invaluable information that I can use with my students in my visual arts classroom.
The course is excellent for those Art lovers who seek to expand their view about many paintings, their artists and their reasons, and what made them create at their time.
This course helped me to understand modern art. I have learned about renowned modern artists, their works, and ideas. Thanks MoMA and coursera for offering such a course.
It's a great course to let me know more about variety of conception for art and design, also to realized that  how artists combines their life and thoughts into artworks.
I have learned so much and it gives ample time to finish the work. Even if you’re a bit late, it is forgiving and you get to be quizzed! It helps the mind retain better.
Great class!  Don't consider myself a Modern Art fan (still don't) but this class opened up some biases and gained a new perspective on the genre. Recommend this course.
Thank you MoMA for putting together a great course! This course has given me new perspectives on modern art in relation to spaces, identity, history, and everyday life.
It was amazing. I loved it! I'm in love with the topic, with the art, with the concepts. Everything! It made me realize there's so much more behind an image or a video.
rich in information.  easy read and easy videos to watch.  loved listening to the artists themselves speak about their work.  enhanced my understanding of modern art.
A comprehensive and brief introductory course on Modern Art with a wide range of materials for further reading. The lessons open many doors to more relevant subjects.
Loved it! The course gave me, an architect and urbanist who loves Art, new perspectives about the subject and how we can relate it to our spaces, identity and socity.
A very engaging, informative course which highlights some of the greatest works in a new fresh perspective through its themes. The information is brief and relevant.
I loved the assignments and engaging with other students, also reviewing their work, as always very eye opening seeing someones else point of view about an artwork.
This Course has been truly inspiring for me, I have been able to learn about artists I didn't know and have an eye opening experience when learning from Modern Art.
Absolutely loved the structure and material provided for the course. I strongly recommend. You will start seeing life with a different point of view. All the best.
It was a great experience and really did change my view of modern art and it's new forms of expression. I am thankful for having been able to enjoy this experience
Recommend this to anyone who has the remotest interest in Art. The course is beautifully designed and will make you keep coming back to it to want to learn more.
Great course, very visual classes and interesting articles. The discussion forums are a great way to expand the knowledge learned in class and share information.
This course has been a wonderful experience to me. I have enjoyed a lot and have been able to change my mind about Modern Art. I recommend it  to you ,so much¡¡
Loved the videos, in particular!  They are perfect for this kind of bite-sized learning and they're really well-done, very entertaining while being educational.
A comprehensive course that provides deep insight into how to thematically view art. The course also taught me how to make connections between various artworks.
Very well thought. I loved learning about art in this format, specially art from my favorite museum! Looking forward to participate in other courses from MoMa.
Such an amazing course with very informative and rich video materials and themes, I enjoyed it very much and I'm thinking of taking one more course from MOMA!
I truly enjoyed taking this course. I am glad I took it because , I learned new things and it made me see this I would see normally in a much different light.
So helpful in everything for lock ideas! I really recommend this course because apart to create an experience with the artist, develop our ideas and projects.
The course gives a great introduction to concept of modern art to beginners.  I really appreciate the Written Reflections sections and the Discussion Forums.
I enjoyed each week's learnings. A very thoughtful and in-depth course that provides tons of additional information for extra reading! Enjoyed it thoroughly.
I particularly enjoyed this course! It was so interesting and i learnt many useful information about modern art. Thanks a lot for this wonderful opportunity!
This course helped me learn so much more about modern art and the circumstances by which they were created. Now I have found a newfound appreciation for art.
Wonderful course with adequate resources for me to study at home. I always wanted to learn more about Art and this course is perfect for me to get started.
A wonderful, engaging class that explores different themes while providing essential information about the history and cultural significance of modern art.
I haven't done the final assignment yet - but up until now: A great course! Very interesting! Great learning resources (lots of articles, essays, videos).
I absolutely loved this course. Great selection, intriguing ideas, and thought-provoking conversation. Highly recommended, no matter what your background.
I loved this course. An excellent intro to art criticism/interpretation/understanding.I enjoyed the quizzes, but didn't feel inspired to write the essay.
The course was very informative and entertaining. Before this course I did not like modern art at all, but now at least I understand its purpose. Thanks!
thank you for this course that i can learn much more about artworks and its history. also helps me to improving  creativity and critical thinking skills
This course was, like the other courses offered by MoMA, excellent! Thank you very much, I've learned a lot! Looking forward to studying with you again.
I loved this course, I was very interested and every module was over my expectations. I'm very happy and I'm looking forward to seeing a new exhibition
Thoroughly enjoyed this course as I did Modern Art as part of my BA degree, so it was lovely revisiting some old paintings and studying some new ones.
Loved it, easy for me to navigate thru, and it provoked my thinking. I loved everything about it!!!Thank you so very much for this gift of knowledge!
Brilliant. Precious. Course created and taught with so much love for its content. Thank you so much. I have enjoyed it so much and learned a lot too.
What a blessing to have taken this course. It broadened my views and understanding of modern art. Thank you to Coursera and the Museum of Modern Art!
Great and useful. It was so interesting and such a pleasure to participate. I really enjoyed the peer reviews. It's always good to receive feedback.
This course open my eyes to many possibilities of how I see things around me, that is art and how I see my own art. I really enjoyed this course!!!!
Great course. Challenging and digestible. I will be taking other MoMA courses in the future, the content is well organized & videos are captivating.
I recommend this course to everyone who seeks a good source of the general bases of the modern art, and a good raange of artists theis art  to know.
Great intro course, gives you a framework to understand modern art.Its a good basic start, gives you the tools you need to keep learning after this.
Very interesting course. It illustrates many artwork from MoMA collection with the critics of experts and, sometime, the interviews of the artists.
I like the way to teaching their course and I'm so happy to enjoying with studying. I love it, thank you MOMA. to giving knowledge about artworks.
I loved this course, it was very practical, the topics were easy to understand and I enjoyed the works they showed as well as the general topics.
This course is for me an intelligent and surprising way to learn about art. My view at some art and artists is wider than before. Thx a lot MOMA!
I enjoyed this course very much and it opened my mind regarding Modern Art. I will definitely see modern Art with different eyes now. Thank you!
Great course, interesting videos and exploration of new perspectives. I recommend doing the activities because it really adds to the experience.
Great course, a new approach to Modern Art. Great selection of masterpieces and explanations. I will suggest other friends to follow this course
Very interesting course that includes a wide variety of unknown artists, artworks, stories behind them and many ideas and influences.
Thank you.
Loved this course! It really got me seeing art in a more analytical, but fun way. Every week I was really jazzed to be challenged and inspired.
This course is amazing. Videos, slide-shows, all materials so intersting and gives you all information for study. I am in love with this cousre
I would like to thank you for this valuable course.And would like to be part of this family site ..and chose another course with you....thanks
The course is really interesting and engaging. I really enjoyed not only short but informative videos, but also readings added to the course.
The course made me reflect on many aspects of the artworks context and made wider my perspective of some pieces that I already knew. Thanks!
Really interesting course where you get to understand artworks through audiovisual content, forums and more! I enjoyed every thing about it.
Really digestible information about modern art. I would recommend for a beginner or someone wishing to brush up on their modern art history!
Very interesting and fascinating course. I've learnt many things (especially about contemporary art) that I didn't know! Thank you for all.
It was dynamic, informative and unique. There were highlights of such aspects about which no one is ever speaking at this angle. Thank you!
Such a great course for guided learning. And an opportunity for deeper dive into the topic in any direction you wish. I really enjoyed it.
Good for beginners who don't have a big background in art education, but for me it lacked some content. Great nonetheless! Thank you MoMA!
Excellent survey course of modern art.  Certain artists and works are presented as examples of how art influences society and individuals.
Fun & interesting. Lots of information, in a wide variety of formats. Many different viewpoints. Good storytelling.... What's not to like?
This course explores the breadth of modern art that one can see at Moma.  The module is designed with expertise and with high standards.
I love modern art and I really like how this course is structured, and how the assignments help you to further think about the learnings
I enjoy very much doing this course. I have seen, read, and write a lot and I feel like it was very short. I will do more in the future
It is an excellent course!  It enhanced my artistic appreciation and motivated me  to continue learning about art. Highly recommended.
Great piece of course with wide subjects covered , inspirational, made me want to learn and explore more, more and more...thank you 😊
AWESOME. I loved it. It was so helpful for my classes and to give me in insight about how we can teach students to really look at art.
I am so glad to have signed up for this course.  I have gained so much knowledged on Modern Art & Ideas that I did know about before.
Very informative, refreshing, interesting and appealing. The course is insightful in its observations and considerate in its content.
Exactly what I was looking for, pleasant and interesting course about art from different perspectives.Highly recommended to everyone.
Wonderful course. I learnt so much and feel more informed about Modern Art. Will appreciate my visits to art galleries so much more.
It was an amazing journey. Never knew that much about art & artists. This course helped me to read artworks like books. Thank MoMA.
I learn so much on this course, I really recommended, the information and the videos makes all more entertainment and interesting.
I absolutely LOVED this course!! Everything about it made me feel engaged and ignited my love of art even more. Thank you so much.
I really love this course! It helps me to find a lot of answers which disturbed me and to understand Art better! Highly recommend!
very interesting saturated course, I recommend it to those who want to touch art from scratch. an excellent course for beginners.
I have take quite a few classes online.  This was by far, one of the most fun and informative classes I have taken. Thank you!!!
Educational, informative and very enjoyable class, with the right balance between readings, videos and straight-forward quizzes.
Very interesting, I liked above all the unit about Society. The activities of producing my own work of art stimulates very much.
Good video production, successful combination of video content and reading resources as well as very interesting weekly topics.
Well designed course. With cool introduction videos, profound background information, interesting quizzes and inspiring ideas.
I love MoMA. Thank you for this course! Feeling like doing virtual exhibition tours everyday across time and space. Thank you.
Very well  done this course, I liked the different methods of learning very much, especially the documentaries of the artists.
Great course, discovered or re-discovered and better understood amazing artists.  My only wish is that it had been longer!  :)
The course was very interesting. The organization of the material was very creative and professional same as the methodology.
I've learned so much more in depth between the art, artists, and various themes. Learning about the themes were my favorite!
I think it is very interesting since it provides original points of view on the approach with which art has to be approached
Each week looks at a really interesting and varied selection of works, so I feel that I have learnt a lot - thank you MoMA!
I really enjoyed this course. I confirmed me that I am totally in my element while being in the art sphere. Well done MoMA!
A very interesting course about how to describe and interpret modern art. I learnt a lot and very much enjoyed this course.
This course is awesome...... it is cool to learn about my favorite painter Vincent Van Gogh who has drawn THE STARRY NIGHT.
Very good course. I learned a lot and the tools all worked very smoothly. Maybe you can set-up part to for advanced level?
If you are a professional from engineering area, this is a perfect course to understand what is art and how this is made.
I'm so happy of my first accomplishment with coursera. I am now a certified completer of coursera and I'm so proud of it.
An amazing course that totally changed the way I look at Modern & Contemporary Art. Looking forward to more Moma courses!
I gain a very important knowledge in learning the modern art which is very useful for my basic understanding towards art.
Great course to introduce yourself on modern art, it has a lot of videos, lectures and resource which you can go deeper.
I really enjoyed this course. It was fabulous/All materials were amasing good, interesting and helpful.  Thanks so much.
Very easy to follow and I learned about artists' motivation and inspiration which is vital to understanding their work.
an excellent course!! If your looking for the fun way to an introduction to the world of Modern Art, look no further !!
The course offers a great variety of content which is presented very well and the exercises are also very encouraging.
Great introduction to Modern art and opened my perspective up for a greater appreciation of what artists are doing now
Fantastic course. Not too heavy, not too light. Gave a great introduction into Modernism and its place in our society.
Wonderful lessons. I think I learned as much as I could. I hope all the lessons I've learned will pay off. Thank you.
This course opens your mind to be able to appreciate in depth works of art that can go unnoticed by the common people
A great course !! I will certainly continue learning more by using the coursera courses. What a great way to develop.
A very good course to get your feet on the right path!!! I had learned a lot and I will highly recommend this course.
Thank you for an opportunity to make a course, provided by one of the most famous meuseum of modern art in the world!
Perfect course . I learned the work new artists and got more familiar with the work of other. I really enjoyed this.
It was great! Very interesting and fresh. Liked it a lot. Like those work of art. Glad to come closer to modern art.
This course is amazing!! It taught me so much about modern art and helped me understand how modern art is art. 10/10
I like the course very much because it gives me different aspects of Modern Art & Ideas. Appreciate all instructors.
This course was an amazing course, in the sense that I really enjoyed doing it, and reading on these pieces of art.
Great introduction to modern art (paintings, sculptures, everyday objects) combined with some social circumstances!
Overall, course well organized. Videos excellent and learning material well-chosen. Nicely paced. I learned a lot!
Very brilliant course. I learnt many skills. Learnt about many artists and their works, their design inspiration.
really i want to say thanks, thanks so much , this course was amaizing thanks teacher God bless you for your help
A extraordinary oportunity to get close to various perspectives and views on the spiritual, the art and reality.
Really amazing and insightful, would definitely recommend to anyway, even if art is not their thing! Thank you.
the course got boring sometimes, I guess increasing the interaction between learners and platform would help...
Excellent. Helped me understand some works that were previously baffling to me and discovered some new artists.
What a gift to have access to this material and information!  Very enriching!  Thank you, thank you, thank you!
This is a great snapshot for a layman to understand the relevance and significance of modern art in this world.
It was a lesson that broadened my horizons.  I definitely think of taking any other lesson by MoMA. Thank you.
It is really helpful for an art enthusiast like me. Really had a great time learning Modern Arts and Ideas.👍
Fantastically curated course. Loved every second and truly developed an appreciation for the works discussed.
I enjoyed this course.  It gives a lot of food for thought about artwork that I had never understood before.
Lovely course. A comprehensive overview of major themes, artists, and artworks of the 20th and 21st century.
The courses let me know more about the modern art and let me learn modern arts from other classmates' work.
Great course with amazing additional links to articles and other information sources. Totally recommend it!
Good course with great assignments and interesting educational materials, lots of photo and video content.
I like this course a lot, i enjoyed and I learn so many things. Im very satisfied with the course content.
It's the most interesting online course I've ever attended!I am going to continue learning with Coursera.
Fun and interesting, recommend if you have some spare time to learn more about modern art and it's themes
A well organized, thoughtful and comprehensive course on modern art featuring the collection of the MoMA.
This course is simply amazing. Well structured, nicely presented, a to-the-point selection of art pieces.
Simple, perfectly organized course that allows the student to understand the fundamentals of Modern Art.
Amazing course! I am really glad I took it and for sure will take any other courses imparted by the MoMa
A lot of great information and ideas shared in this course is an easy-to-grasp, concise way. Thank you!
is an incredible course, you gonna learn a lot of things and get a lot of inspiration. 100% recommended
If you love art and eager to know more deeply about it. Just enroll the course immediately! Trust me :)
Very complete course, with a lot of information and clear ideas about art in diferent ways of thinking.
Good to have an outlet for engaged critical thought in regards Modern and Contemporary art.  Thank you.
Very entertaining. It gives a very nice overview of Modern Art in a positive, cretive and engaging way.
Amazing resources, fantastic discussion points; a great course for art students and art teachers alike!
This is a fun course that will change how you view the world and introduce you to lesser known artists.
This course offers deep insights into the world of art. anyone can take it and gain immensely from it.
Loved this course! It provided me with tools to better look and analyze art. Great insight! Thank you!
This was a great experience, I learned so much. Thank you, I really appreciate having access to this!
Great class.although there is technique problems at final assignment.I finish it but couldn't submit.
Fantastic art, videos, and articles. Makes me want to seek out more in my hometown museum. Thank you!
A very nice corse which will in a quite simple way show you how to teach art. I'm glad I've taken it!
Introduce many interesting artworks and you can actually try to be an curator in the last assignment.
Very cool course! I have learnt a lot from this course and I feel more interested in modern art now！
Very informative and engaging. Definitely recommend this course, for fun or for professional growth!
I loved this course and how it opened my eyes to Modern Art and it's different themes to view it by.
I especially liked the diversity of the Art and Artists featured in this course. Thoroughly enjoyed!
Very informative, different format of teaching, loved how thorough the complimentary resources were.
A wonderful course which made the concepts easy to understand, and allowed for personal expression.
i spent a lot of time before completing this course because of work but it was worth it all the way
It was a very useful course which helped me understand better modern art and its role in our lives.
Very well organised with beautiful and interesting videos. Clear explanations and nice assignments.
Well organized, very enjoyable - I was very much a “beginner” and learned a lot. Highly recommend.
It was a very useful course, I got to know the goals of modern art, and about the pioneers of art.
Fantastic course. Excellent foundation from which one can explore and truly appreciate modern art.
I like the study of this modern art course. This course allows me to gain a lot of art knowledge.
well paced. Units are thoughtful and useful. Production values are to notch. I loved this course!
amazing course and not much intense, which suits everyone interested in modern Art Thank you MOMA
What an eye opener!  I thoroughly enjoyed taking this course and I encourage everyone to take it.
Such an amazing course, perfectly explained and with full coverage of every detail in Modern Art!
Excellent Course. It puts in practice what you learn through the assignments. I truly enjoyed it.
I have loved this course. I will study more courses. Thank you very much for all the information.
This was a fun and enjoyable course. I enjoyed learning the theories behind modern art and ideas.
A great overview of ideas and provides deeper thinking analysis while looking at period artwork.
Inspiring, informative and very interesting ! Checks all my boxes as an artist and an art lover!
A good organized course to learn about Modern and Contemporary art through themes and not dates.
Brilliant course, inspiring and educational. Very easy to follow and encouraging for any level.
Thanks Coursera for this opportunity! It was my first course and I found it really interesting.
LOVED THE COURSE AND I WANT MORE MOR MORE! I LEARNED A LOT AND I ENJOYED THE MATERIAL SO MUCH.
Great introduction to Modern Art . Diverse works of art used as examples to explain key ideas.
An absolutely brilliant course. The videos and supplementary materials provided are excellent.
Very good introduction to some of the most important artworks and how to read them critically.
super interesting and challengingsuitable for those who are interested in learning art history
Loved this course!  I needed to learn more about Modern Art, and this class did that at more!
great opportunity to  retrieve old and adopt new knowledge, learn new things about modern art
I great opportunity to vizualise the historic contex throght the design eyes. Amaging course.
I enjoyed this course. It helped me to systemise my knowledge. Very well constructed classes.
it was nice, succinct, and extremely inspiring for some amateur seeking the meaning of art!!!
THE TOPICAL STRUCTURE AND THE MODULAR DESIGNS FOR THIS COURSE ARE EXCELLENT AND STIMULATING.
Very well structured and entertaining course. Would advise getting, I had a great experience
Very informative, very challenging but rewarding course. I absolutely recommend to everyone!
This course was fantastic and the additional readings and information were extremely useful.
Useful and interesting course. A lot of information to develop the potential of the artist.
I learned very much from this course! I'd like to thank everyone who prepared this for us.
Great understanding on themes and how to see art and various ideas that it permeates from.
I really enjoyed using my brain and seeing a little bit of the amazing collection at MoMA
It's very inspirational. All the examples and texts made me want to create something new.
It was very nice to understand some concepts and also to know deeply about some artworks.
Great course!! I learnt so many valuable skills which I know will help me in my studies.
Great course! Got me really Into Art History and I'll definitely be doing more of these!
It was a really great course - loved doing it, learnt a lot from it, a great experience.
A complete and entertaining course. I learned to observe and analyze the artist's work.
Another great course from MoMA, in which I learned a great deal and thoroughly enjoyed.
Wonderful and very complete, a lot of extra readings and stuff to complemet the course.
I learnt so much from this course! It felt like  a guided museum tour (in a good way!)
I am grateful for the opportunity to expand my knowledge of Modern Art, thank you MOMA
Just wonderful; i enjoyed it very much. Perfectly organized and high-quality material.
Excellent course! I learned so much and really liked the recommended readings as well.
Thank you for showing Modern art and all the wonderful short videos and presenations!
This is a wonderful course to learn. It was a fascinating learning experience for me.
Wonderful course, really, thank you for this opportunity, looking forward to do more.
An experience I most definitely appreciated, especially during these difficult times.
Great course and well compiled lessons  friendly tutors  Thank  you Moma and coursera
Thanks Lisa M. and all MOMA team. This is am amazing course. Inspire my daily work!!!
Very interesting, made me think and see art with other eyes, I totally recommended!!
IN MY PERSON OPINION THIS IS A REALLY GOOD COURSE TO WORK ON IT GIVES U FULL INSIGHT
Very intuitive and useful. Especially the course materials (extended readings etc.).
Excellent course, which provides you with a lot more than basic modern art knowledge
Great overview! Lots of superb piece of arts and lots of thinking/ideas.Thank you.
I loved it! It was everything I needed to start to learn about art :) Gratitude!!
Really enjoyed the content in this course and the ways in which it was presented.
A brief, well put together course that takes you into a path of art appreciation.
I liked reading and analyzing the background of some of the most famous paintings
super informative! would love a more diverse artist collection. would recommend.
LOved this course...It was fun and interesting all the way from beginning to end
I am not an art lover, but this course was a great introduction to the concepts.
A fun and interesting course.  Excellent selection of works used for discussion.
Very interesting content, with enough variety to make it engaging until the end.
Really enjoyable with a high quality of content that you would expect from Moma.
Love this course sooo much and I spent a lot of time for the last assignment >3<
I loved it since the first word that I read from the e-mail that you send me <3
It was brilliant! Art has so much to give and its made possible by this course.
I really do appreciate MoMA to offer such course in depth at Coursera platform.
It's a beautiful course to learn art. Thank you MoMA for the best you've given.
I loved how the videos and exercises motivated me to think in a different way.
I loved it! the format, the artworks, the reflections that led me, everything.
I really enjoyed, it has totally different point of view. Really recommend! :)
A good way of learning about art when you have no real prior education on it!
This class was very fun and I enjoyed the lessons and especially the prompts.
This was one of the best I  took. I was happy to be a part of this knowledge.
Great material, enjoyed the pace, and insightful mix of artists and concepts.
Love it.  Highly recommend to any one who has interest in Art and the behind.
It's amazint to learn more about modern art! I highly recommend this course!
Loved it. Such an interesting and well resourced course. Thank you very much
Brilliant course. I thoroughly recommend it to all you art lovers out there.
Excellent course.  I had not considered art from the perspectives presented.
Excellent course, very complete with great features and support activities.
This course is really good! The videos are excellent , hold the attention .
Loved this course! Covered a wide range of art and artists. Learned a lot.
This course is the most amazing and unique thing that happened in my life.
Completely amazing course! I recommend for everyone who interested in Art!
Very interesting and very well structured, I highly recommend this course!
I really enjoy this course. Excellent choice! Thanks MoMA. I learnt a lot.
RIGHT BALANCE OF MATERIAL TO GET YOU READY FOR FURTHER STUDY OF MODERN ART
Very instructive and enjoyable, I look forward to more such opportunities.
it's a great course contains the right information and the best resources
very interesting course. inspiring content. can be related to daily life.
Loved the way the course was set up: based on topics and not time frames.
Highly recommended to anyone interested in Modern and Contemporary Art .
Enjoyed this course. Loved the study material and the works under focus.
Thank you for giving me such a chance to see so much splendid paintings!
I like the technique of teaching and the supporting materials very much!
Engaging and informative. I enjoyed each week more than the one before.
Absolutely love it.  Gave me an easy introduction to arts appreciation!
Great course! So thankful to MoMa and Coursera for making this happen.
Loved the way is taught and how practical and useful is for my career.
This was an excellent course... let's continuing teaching through art.
learned a lot of new information about modern artists and their works
very good course. Absolutely loved the way it is made. Enjoyed a lot!
Great class for a refresher or getting to know more about modern art.
A very interesting and enlightening course I really enjoyed doing it.
Really informative and well structured. I really enjoyed this course!
I loved the introductions I will take the rest of the course as well.
great introduction even if you have no prior knowledge of modern art
Wonderfully prepared and thought-provoking course! Highly recommend!
I learnt so much. A fantastic course presented in an accessible way.
I loved this course. I learned so much about the artists in context.
I really enjoyed the thematic approach in this survey of modern art.
Great course for inspiration and new ideas if you are an art teacher
An amazing experience.Everyone that involves with art should do it.
I really enjoy the course, it was basic but it's a must. Thank you!
I am grateful for this course!  It was informative and interesting/
Interesting and not time-eating course. Last task is very exciting!
The last test and peer review was a really good experience for me.
Highly recommended, I loved everything about Modern Art and Ideas.
Excellent course. Very useful and interesting. I recommend it 100%
really nice work, but the certificate is not that what i expected.
Very informative and helped me develop my knowledge! Well worth it
Love it so far. I am learning a better appreciation of Modern Art.
I adored this course! This was such a fun educational experience!
a great course with many insights into society's way of thinking.
Great overall experience !! Loved the writeups and short videos !
Fantastic course and structured for engaging content and delivery
Really interesting material. The lectures are dynamic and varied.
Inspiring and informative.  A real pleasure from start to finish.
I love anything art and it is teaching me a lot. Very good course
This is amezing course, I leaned alot from this course. Thankyou
I have learnt many thing from this course. I am good in art now.
It was very interesting! Thank you. Can't wait for more courses
Plenty of good material and excellent videos describing topics.
Love this course! Manageable workload and interesting content.
Beautifully put together. Great information. Easy to navigate.
Very interesting course! I recommend it to all the art lovers!
A very fun and educational course! You won't get bored at all.
Extremely interesting!! It changes your way to see art, A.R.T!
Very informative and useful course with creative assignments!
Helps me a lot. Give me a new perspective to learn about art.
excellent course! i was delighted to watch all presentations!
A wonderful way to get aquaintd with Modern Contemporary art!
Very interesting and engaging course! lot to learn and to do!
Thoroughly enjoyable. Well presented and engaging. Thank you.
It was an exciting experience.Thank you all for your support.
Great content, excellent videos and amazing reading material!
interesting class  i wish it involved an artistic assignment.
really loved it! there should be more courses like this one!!
Fresh and interesting introduction to the world of Modern Art
A wonderful course to explore different artists and artworks
A mine of wonderful course material and some great learning!
I enjoyed the course, and it broaden my horizons. Thank you!
Thank you so much for this opportunity I am glad to be here
Great way to share free knowledge during these tough times.
Very interesting, I got a lot of knowledge and inspiration.
I absolutely loved it! Great structure & interesting tasks!
It was so much fun! I loved how well-made the videos were.
Great themes, great materials, perfect concept. Thank you!
A very well structured course, interesting course material
SO MUCH MORE FUN THAN THE OTHER COURSES HEAVY ON LECTURES.
Interesting and easy to understand. Suitable for amateurs.
This was a very thought provoking and informative course!
amazing clear videos provided by the museum of modern art
I learned so much in this course. I totally recommend it!
Great introductory course in modern and contemporary art!
So good course but the great absent is Sir Edwar Hopper .
Very  informative course ! Thoroughly enjoyed learning .
I like art, it helps me to increase my knowledge of art.
Great! I really like this course. So deep.. So touching.
It helped me a lot in expanding my views on modern art.
Very interesting course, good for basics understanding.
Very intensive and interesting as usual of MoMA courses
This was a very well organized and informative course.
Great course! Learned some exciting things!  Thank you
So well made and fun. Just what I wanted and expected.
Extremely interesting and well presented.  Thank you!
I loved learning new and exciting pieces of art work.
It was a great opportunity to learn about modern art.
My perspective towards the material world is changing
Exceptionally engaging course! Would highly recommend
I really enjoyed and learned at not about modern art.
Loved it. Wish there were more courses like this one.
Amazing course. So Interesting and thought provoking
I really enjoyed the journey this course took me on!
Good course with relevant examples of art and ideas!
It was marvelous! Thank you so much for this course!
this coursevhelped me wien my perspective about art.
Absolutely loved learning every part of this course!
Gives you a different perspective about moderna art.
The lessons were short and gave wonderful insights.
Enjoyed every minute of it! Would re-take it again!
very useful information. I really liked the course.
Wonderful opportunity to review conceptions of art.
One of the best! Thank you MoMa and Mrs. Director.
Excellent course, I would definitely recommend it!
Very helpful and enjoyable! I recommend it highly.
loved it! the videos were so helpful, thank you :)
It is good to understand the Modern Art and Ideas.
Great course to take! I've learned a lot from it!
Excellent course!!!!! A+++++++++ Thank you, MoMA!
I learned how to enjoy and appreciate modern art.
Learnt a lot. The topic and artists are charming.
An extraordinary way to learn how to curate art.
very interesting content and discussions prompts
Enjoyed it. Learned a lot. Good content. Thanks.
Great documentation and easy to understand info.
Amazing course with extensive content, loved it!
great art works, great ideas, great descriptions
Great course. Interesting and challenging ideas.
I am not teaching but this course was interested
It is very demanding, but I have learned a lot.
I really enjoyed this course and learned a lot!
Brilliant ideas & course content. A lot of fun.
It was an amazing experience. Totally worth it!
Very much enjoyed this course Thank you so much
I loved every part of it!! Highly recommendable
Great, interesting and thought provoking course
Great course with wonderful reading materials.
I love this course!  Engaging and informative.
Was one of the best things , I came across! :)
Excellent! Thoroughly enjoying this course....
Interesting topics and challenging activities
Great Course. Simple yet informative. Love It
Nice mix between written articles and videos!
It was a great experience. Really enjoyed it.
Super inspiring art course. Highy recommended
Amazing and very informative Course. Cheers!
Absolutely Inspiring, informative & awesome!
This is an enjoyable and instructive course.
Nice themes and very good tips for teachers!
Keep up the good work. Great course, so far.
First class course where I learned so much.
I loved every minute of it! Thank you Moma!
Valuable lessons on modern art and society.
Like this easy way to talk about moden art.
Great beginner course in art. Thanks MoMA!
A brilliant course! I highly recommend it!
Excellent course! I was delighted to do it
Great course to help me get started again.
Fun ! Informative and a cool thing to do .
I  am glad i chose this course. Thank You.
Had a great experience. Thank you guys ;)
I loved this course! Totally recommended!
I learned a lot and, sure, I'm missing it
It do let me learn new things. I like it.
great introduction to many famous artists
I really enjoy it and learn a lot from it
Very comprehensive and thought-provoking.
Easy to understand, and very informative.
Everything is great. I love this course!
It was a really enlightening experience.
I loved the topics and artwork presented
Really loved the content and structure!!
Continue exploring the life through art!
It was nice lecture to learn modern art.
Good beginner course to get you thinking
I loved it! Nice insight into modern art
It was overwhelming. Enjoyed thoroughly.
Absolutely loved this course, thank you.
Wonderful, inspiring course, thank you!
Entertaining, Interesting and Fantastic
Very educational and inspiring contents
Loved it, very amusing and informative.
Fantastic course. Nice way of learning.
THIS IS AN AMAZING COURSE, IS A MUST !
Amazing course, it nourishes your soul
It changed the way I see and value art
The course was Great! Congratulations!
Great Course ! I loved ! Learn a lot !
I've learned a lot through the course.
Thank you for this incredible journey!
A very useful approach for modern art.
The least i could say is "inspiring"!
This was a very enriching experience,
extremely informative and interesting
Amazing course, I absolutely love it!
Very helpful course just loved it ❤️
Love your course! Thank you so much!
Fantastic course.  Great activities.
Beautiful themes and pieces of art!!
I love this website it is so helpful
It was really good course. Thank you
Great! Very enriching and inspiring!
Enjoyable and well-presented content
Thank you! It was a wonderful time!
The course was very well formulated
That's great! I feel happy with it!
a wonderful course that opens minds
It was simple, fun and interesting.
Very good course, well constructed,
Very interesting and inspirational
Thought provoking and challenging.
Great course, thank you very much!
Wonderful course, very insightful!
Thanks for such an amazing journey
Super interesting and rich course!
Very entertaining and interesting!
perfect for somebody interest in A
important to understand modernism
Eyes opening and brain awakening
Very informative and eye-opening
Really interesting and inspiring
Extremely useful and insightful!
Great course, I learned so much.
Like it very much! Learnt a lot!
I learned a lot about modern art
Exceptional learning experience.
Wonderful and utterly cognitive!
Great speakers, quality content
Inspire and awakens creativity!
Super enriching and fun course!
It was a very fun, short class.
Very interesting and educative
it was amazing i learned a lot
I loved it! Thank you so much!
Very nice course! I enjoyed it
Learned a lot from the course!
A great course, thank you MOMA
Visual part is simply perfect!
It really changed my outlook!
Very pleasant and interesting
Compact, consistent and cool.
Its an exceptional learning.
I truly enjoyed this class!!
I learn much in this course.
Interesting set of lectures!
good for art teacher/critics
It was instructive and fun.
Very effective and organize
Great course. I enjoyed it.
MOMA biased but still good.
Keeps your interest! Great!
I really loved this course
A interesting introduction
Great introduction to art!
Thorough and enlightening.
inspiring and informative.
Amazing way to learn art.
I Loved it! It´s amazing.
very interesting material
it's a great initiative!
So interesting and  new!
enjoyed every bit of it
Great course, well done
thank you very much!!!!
well designed course...
excellent! I loved it!
That was simply grate!
Excellent! I loved it!
Beautiful! such a joy!
Absolutely recommended
very thought-provoking
Best course in my life
Well structured curse.
Very very interesting.
I love it!! thanks !!
The best course ever!
Absolutely loved it.
strongly recommended
very complete thanks
Interesting and easy
What a nice course!
Highly Recommended!
fun and informative
MOLTO INTERESSANTE
wonderfull course!
I love the course
nice and flexible
It has its vibes.
beautifully made.
really liked it!
It's AWESOME !!!
thanks so much!
loved the class
How beautiful!
MoMA is great!
I'm loving it!
Perfection!!!
LOVED IT :)
Loved it 💫
Love it !!
