No actual class, just for selling books.
If what you want is the sort of doctrinaire overview of fine-art photography that you might have learned in a university in the 1970s, this is exactly the course for you!It's thoroughly saturated with the Museum of Modern Art mindset: the assumptions and interpretations are those touted by MoMA curators, and the photographers are chosen from the MoMA-approved pantheon. (The quiz questions tend to focus on course-content minutiae -- "Which commentator said X about Y?" -- to make sure you've drunk your art-establishment Kool-Aid.)On the other hand, if you want to examine the diversity of photography through a variety of critical approaches -- Marxist, feminist, queer-theory, post-structural, whatever -- well, they don't allow none of that there here. This is strictly the Photography Gospel According to MoMA, and you either like it or lump it.
I think in this course there are some cues or starting point but everything is represented in a superficial way. The course is based only in material from MOMA but, for me, this is not a problem. The real missing thing is the absence of a more deep dissertation about topics. Tests at the end of each week are focused on insignificant details, like quotations, and can be passed queuing google
This course sounded so interesting. It was however not well organized and had too great a time commitment attached to it. The readings were too long. I ended up giving up.
repetitive content with other MOMA courses (modern art&idea)?? duh, not gonna pay $50 for this. :(
I want to uennroll from this.course .... please help
Nonsense, just wasted time...
I felt like this course was kind of disjointed. As an educator with some experience in museum education, I wonder whether this was created by the curatorial department with minimal or no guidance from education. Some of the required readings were lengthy and bombastic. It's almost as if course creators said, let's see what we have to work with, and try to find some relationships between the hodgepodge. I understand the importance of sometimes having to use readings from the specific time period of an artwork to put it in context, but again, I feel like there could have been better exemplars of both photographs and readings. The module where photographs of the moon were the "theme" just seemed like it didn't belong. I did acquire new knowledge through this course, but the format was just not for me.
Vastly concerned with the esoteric minutia, ideas, and meanings assigned by others regarding photographs which most often aren't even closely aligned with the original artist's intentions. A brief few mentions of how photography has changed over time with advances in technology and development of new techniques was mildly interesting, otherwise this course was predominantly meaningless. This course will most likely be of no benefit to people not viewing or creating fine art photography.
abstract and uninformative stories about some photographersbut not about the profession of the photographer or the technical side of the work


Thank you for the opportunity to get acquainted with the course
I hoped that it was more professional, It was interesting but non technical.
I would have, if possible, not rated this course. I was not interested in the work of the more recent photographers/photo manipulators. This is a course for the art crowd, not for those interested in the history of photography.
Teaches the history well, but doesn't focus much on helping to improve.
This was an informative class. As a "newbie" to the Coursera community, I wanted to take a course that would expand my knowledge of art and culture while fitting within my hectic work and family schedule. Photography is something I engage in almost daily with my iPhone, so I took a chance and was not disappointed. Sarah Meister has curated a wonderful assortment of photographer artists that typify the historical and aesthetic advances in photography. The articles, videos, and slideshows were well constructed around the theme of each module. The articles would benefit from including some of the images discussed. This was not a major problem as I was able to Google most of them. The videos were interesting and of sufficient length not to strain my attention. The slideshows were my favored documents due to the inclusion of images and explanatory text. I did find it frustrating that some of the answers to the quiz assignments could not be found in the required reading, videos, or slideshows. As an educator, I can certainly understand wanting students to think critically but some of the questions were misleading, unanswerable based on the content, or appeared unrelated. Many of the items did not assess my understanding of the information so much as how closely I read for specific quotes or other esoteric content. This is further evidenced by the posts in the forums requesting guidance about certain items. Overall, the course is worth the effort and time if you are interested in the history of photography and its most notable practitioners.
I received only one peer review and that merely ticked the boxes on the required questions with no feedback. If this review is the only assessment we get beyond the quiz scores, my experience with it was not useful. I also would have appreciated knowing why Heinecken is considered "legendary" and why so much of the required reading in that lesson was devoted to his essays. I found his style to be overly academic (plowing through many, many words to try to find a point) and I almost gave up. I'm sure he must have done something beyond the clever "Are You Rea"; some biographical information and other examples of his work would have given me a better understanding of his importance. I have been working full time during the weeks of the course so was not able to take part in most of the online lectures, office hours and other daytime activities. I understand that this restricted my ability to fully participate and I'm sure I would have benefited from more involvement.I did appreciate the first few weeks, especially the documentary and people modules. I'm glad I took the course and am going to pursue a number of the readings on my own. I also was motivated to buy Berenice Abbott's "Changing New York," which is inspiring.
This Course is very interesting because it covers the work from iconic photographers since its invention in  1839  to these days.  The  "but" I  found is :  first, the required readings are very extensive, and second , the questions for the quizes are most of them too much specific, and there are so many photographers names that it is quite a challenge to have more than five questions right. Otherwise, it is a captivating MOOC,  designed more for  Photographers than lay public.
I found the course interesting, however I had trouble finding all of the written materials to read. Some were available online, but none were in our library system. I think it would be better if more of the reading was available to people. I also thought that the final assignment instructions were a bit confusing. As it is I never did get to upload the photographs for the final prompt. I asked for help on the forum, but no one responded.
Course content is very good, you learn a lot, or think about what you already know deeper  - only real let down is that its peer graded rather than graded by someone who grades papers and you get a certificate if you pay for it that says its non-credited and you just completed, rather than passed - so if you want knowledge, great, if you want to bump your CV, maybe not for you.
It was short and interesting... and that is good. In the first week the readings were overwhelming and I was disappointed - but the other 5 weeks had short videos of interviews with photographers to go along with the concepts presented. Some of the quiz questions were looking for details that I felt were not important for the learner. Final assignment was good.
An interesting topic and materials covered but sadly an unresolved technical glitch prevented the completion of the final task and thus lower rating for a good course.
The course is interesting but beware ! It has peer reviewed assignments which means you will never get your grade !
i enjoyed the interviews -- hearing and seeing many different artists using the same medium in very different ways
The course is helpful to learn the stories behind photographs, but kind of monotonous.
TODO ES EN INGLES, Y NO TENGO CONOCIMIENTO DEL INGLES
Nice, but I expected more (or something else).
great course, thoroughly enjoyed it
In my opinion this course is based in strong concepts and gives a good learning opportunity for those who want to understand the role of photography as a important medium. I have learned very much and, more than that, the course inspired me to keep learning by myself about the subject. I would suggest including other important names of  photographers, who were/ or are key people in the history of the medium. In some way, I came out of the corse with the impression that American photography was really the focus. Photographers from other nationalities where in focus when related to US someway. I missed that the course would have a broader vision to offer about photographers that were/are relevant in that medium. Cartier-Bresson and Robert Capa for instance were merely mentioned and Helmut Newton (maybe I missed), I didn't see him mentioned. My other suggestion is related to the quiz. Sometimes, the questions are focusing in aspects not really relevant of the theme of the week. There was a really relevant content and some questions would focus on for example the "Edson Chagas distribute his work himself or not" when his work has an important social impact to be called of the attention of the students. In the week 4,  the content related to posed/unposed photography for example was not included in the quiz when it was a key part of the message of the week's theme. So, my point is to review the quiz, including content which is relevant and it might be out, and prepare the questions not necessarily focusing in aspects that are not really adding to the learning of the student.Please feel free to ask if having interest in discuss my opinion further.Jussara Nunes Pereira de Souzajussaranpsouza@outlook.com
I would give this course 4 1/2 stars.  The course material was very well organized and the examples provided were for the most part very topical.  the weight of the peer review at the end of the course is too high.  Your peers have roughly the same knowledge as you do when you submit your assignment.  They are being asked to assign a value to your submission which is really coarse...as there are only 3 choices 1 a pass, 2 not quite and 3 a fail.  Considering you have done all the course work and quizzes up to the end it seems quite arbitrary.  On another note I would like to suggest a project which became a book.  All too often today we view photographs in every moment of our lives but we are unaware of the the face of those creators and their iconic works.  MoMA's course seems a perfect opportunity to somehow introduce the subject.  the book is Behind Photographs - Archiving Photographic Legends by Tim Mantoani and MarkMurphy.BEHIND PHOTOGRAPHS: ARCHIVING PHOTOGRAPHIC LEGENDS began as the personal quest of photographer Tim Mantoani to document and preserve noted photographers together with their images. "We have come to a point in history where we are losing both photographic recording mediums and iconic photographers,” Mantoani comments. "While many people are familiar with iconic photographs, the general public has no idea of who created them. This book became a means to do that, the photographer and their photograph in one image.”
Great course. I have a few suggestions to make it even better:Pros: Videos on artists are just amazing, good quality and full of interesting information.Organization of the modules is wonderful, it makes a lot of sense.Optional readings are really interesting, it would be difficult for people like me from undeveloped countries, to get that kind of documentation from a prestigious museum.Doing exams is a good way to refresh all you read on the module.Expositors are well versed and interesting, kudos on that.The slides sections are well designed and the format is wonderful to read on either a computer or a cellphone.Cons:Better scans, some of them were difficult to read, pdfs should be formatted to fit a single page in full screen. Its almost impossible to read from a cellphone. Some of the multiple choice questions on the exams were just too much, all due respect, edX continuous examination  works in a more efficient way.I hope MoMA do another interesting course on photography, perhaps specific subjects like landscape and street photography, and all the interesting subjects around them. I'm really glad to have found this, congratulations and thanks for putting this together. Carlos Moraritocs@gmail.com
This is a good course on photography from an important institution that will show you and teach you the several aspects and topics of photography, from document to artwork. Made of six modules, each focused on a specific aspect, it provides different media to learn from, like interviews, critics and overviews, both in video and writings. All aspects are of photography are necessarily condensed and sometimes basic but many different links and suggestion on further material is given for those who want to get deeper. If you like photography, if you want to understand it better, or even if you are just curious about this medium which is today in everybody's lives, you will hardly be disappointed by this course. The only negative aspects for me were that sometimes the material was difficult to read and that sometimes subtitles were not very good, but this latter is a problem only if you are not an English motherlanguage. Instrucions on grading and final assignment aren't so easy and well them and this is a possible improvement for the organisation.
El contenido y estructura del curso me parecen adecuados. Lo que realmente me parece MUY MAL es que se deje la responsabilidad total de la calificación a los compañeros, que no tienen el cuidado necesario para revisar. En mi caso, me asignaron 0 puntos en categorías que sí que cumplí (la extensión y la elección de fotos ajenas al curso). Debido a esto, tuve que hacer un nuevo ensayo. Esto fue muy molesto y desgastante. Me parece que el responsable del curso debería asumir esta calificación final.************The content and structure of the course seem adequate to me. What really seems VERY BAD to me is that the full responsibility for the final rating is left to the classmates, who do not take the necessary care to review. In my case, I was assigned 0 points in categories that I really did (the length and the choice of photos outside the course). Because of this, I had to do a new essay. This was very annoying and exhausting. It seems to me that the person in charge of the course should assume this final qualification.
This course has been very interesting, however I believe that the mix of genre has been somewhat limited. While I respect the artistic choices and talents of all artists, I feel that the discussions in the videos for week 6 lack substance: picking up litter, photographing it, and arranging it for installation display strikes me as neither aesthetic nor documentary photography, unless the artist's message is in documenting our 'throw-away' society and highlighting the importance of 'recycling' for the benefit of the environment. Such messages did not appear to arise in my opinion. The discussion about architectural preservation was worthwhile but not focused. The interviewer(s) concerned could have assisted by asking relevant questions of the artist(s) for the benefit of an audience with varied photographic interests. My argument here does not involve the earlier weeks relating to the history of photography and the preservation of images for future generations which were excellent.
This is an excellent course, which opens up areas of knowledge not encountered before.Three issues to bear in mind:1. The content does not include enough 19th Century photography, European or American. Relating concepts to the origins and development of the medium is surely vital to a thorough understanding of contemporary issues.2. The sections of Additional Readings and Required Readings some of the links open up *pdf files with stupidly small print that more many people is too hard to read. These files should be converted to Word documents and saved with a readable print size. Otherwise it make some documents inaccessable to some learners.3. The estimated work times for each week bear no relation to the time required to study the additional readings. 2hrs per week is more like 6hrs per week to do the course properly.
A very fine course and an interesting and stimulating learning experience. The materials were great - based as they were on the vast archival resources of MOMA's photographic department. These were deployed to provide a quality course. It was particularly interesting to be introduced to photographers and work with which I was previously unfamilar - 'Evidence' and 'Carnival Strippers' in particular spring to mind. My only quibble was with the forums - which were ok, but compared to other coursera courses seemed to lack the engagement of tutors to pose searching questions and provide quality feedback. For some reason the forums were a little flat and didn't appear to stimulate e a high level of engagement . Other than this quibble, though, a hugely enjoyable and worthwhile course. Thank You!
I enrolled the course expecting a little more vision on "how to read" a photograph, a composition, although thanks to the Curator I now understood that the context (time, environment, history, …) is important to that purpose. I appreciated the competence with which she treated each subject and the interesting perspective given to the various modules. It gave me a new viewpoint in what photography really is.Good videos and interviews made it easier to understand.Some readings from the required and additional resources were difficult because of the concepts.I personally found some topics (module 5 and 6) a bit abstract and difficult to follow, but I put myself into it to expand my knowledge and open my mind.
I love this course.  It definitely took some time to get into the groove of taking an online course but it was great and very insightful and meaningful to my career at an editorial stylist who works with photographers every day and someone who also takes pictures themselves and working hard to improve my skills as a photographer.  The only reason that I wouldn't give this course or the other course I am taking 5 stars is because I think once you take the quiz at the end of every week the correct answers should be shown to the learner so you can see what the you answered (the incorrect answer) and see what it should have been.  Thank you MoMA
As a photography professional but not a fine art student, I found this course valuable in understanding the evolution of photography from its role in historic image capture to become a form of social observation and artistic interpretation and statement. Understanding the evolution of the photograph has made me more aware of what artists working in the photographic medium are trying to represent through their works. The course is not technical. It does not teach how to compose or develop a photograph. Rather, it is a lesson on the history of photography and using photography creatively through alternative and creative interpretation.
The course is great! Very interesting contents. Just a little suggestion: colud you make a little more interactive content, to make the learning experience even more exciting. For instance, the linking between the artists references and the museum collections while you are reading an essay, or maybe a map in which you can locate the artists´countries or the photographs locations. Even a timeline would be great, just to contextualize the different artists with some others or with other fine arts or historical events. Thanks for your work. It was really worth the time!
Really enjoyed the videos and interviews. It helps you see photographs in a more artistic, deep way. However, I feel the course could be way more connected to the recent times: how people see photography now, how social media distorces our view of the world, how diverse the photography world has become since cameras become cheaper... so much potential to be explored!Another criticism I have is that I wasn't motivated to read most of the suggested articles, some were very painful to read.Overall it's a good course for the photography lovers.
Very thorough, very nice, quite entertaining and interesting. As someone who has a lot of trouble remembering names I found the quizzes quite hard (I was not pursuing the certificate so I didn't care if I failed) but I understand that since the class and the goals are subjective while the evaluation has to be objective it matters that those questions can be unambiguous. All in all, I feel like I did learn to look at photographs differently, and to look at the world through photographs. I'll definitely recommend it to my friends!
Provides a good overview and appreciation of photographic images and their interpretation.   The course material is well presented and easy to follow.  There is a good range of extended reading provided, plus suggested further reading.  The early course 'assessments' are a little bit odd in places, with very specific questions about a particular photography, that, in my opinion, do not add to the overall course experience, but overall its still worth it.   If there was a more advanced follow on I'd be prepared to sign up.
The only loss of a star as the course wasn't what I was expecting. I was expecting a more detailed course on how to look at and understand images. However this course takes you through much of the history and development of photography up to the present day and as to how we the public receive images and how to understand them. I have learnt to look at images much more carefully and to think more about them both as you see them and more as to their deeper meaning.
This is a very interesting course that helps you to understand how an image can be read and interpreted. The focus is very much on the veracity of photography and on the decisioning process which goes through the process of taking pictures. I really enjoyed studying for this course. However, I would expect something more in terms of revision of the final assignment. I would expect some feedback also in order to understand if my reasonings were correct.
This course has helped me to increase my knowledge in the history of photograph, particularly the last weeks, which focused on more contemporary artists and allowed me to learn and critically analyse alternative forms of working with photographic material. Although the course does not include much technical information regarding the different photographic processes, it helps the learner to understand photography in a very comprehensive way.
Very interesting and rewarding course. It has developed a lot my knowledge concerning photography's history and its different uses. As a french speaker with a good english level, I still need to say some parts were a bit difficult to understand, mostly some of the reading assignments. But don't worry, it's possible to achieve it. You definitely won't regret to have taken this course if you have a (small) interest in photography!
This Course does a really great job in opening new perspectives about photography.Each week stands for its own and yet they combine to give you a great understanding about photographies history, techniques and artistic value. What I did not like that much, was that pretty much reading was required and that there was so much detailed information about the museums history included. That is why I rate 4/5
Excellent choice of articles and some very inspiring videos. However, it felt like some of the connections were a little tenuous and perhaps the organisation could be improved. Overall, a very enjoyable experience and some very interesting discussions in the main assignments. Almost more interesting to see what other people thought, than responding yourself. Thank you!
Well thought out course. I learned a lot. Some of the supplemental materials were extremely dense with professor-speak. I found my learning ground to a slow crawl from having to look up as many a 5 words in some sentences and I have a Masters Degree.In reading some of my peers essay submissions it seems that others may have had a similar difficulty with the material.
To me, Seeing through Photographs is a travel through time which let you to see how photography changed and improved to become what it is today: not only a science resource, or a way to save historical data but also it's a expressive way to comunicate a point of view. I recomend it to those who are starting to study photography or for once that loves art.
I found the course very interesting , useful materials to support and unique and original contributions video. Interviews with authors well made and full of new ideas on different topics.Excellent multiple choice for testing, but it is really hard to understand the mistakes made or know the correct answer after passing the module.
I just found that many of the readings didn't include the pictures they were talking about. Otherwise the course was incredibly helpful and enlightening. I mostly enjoyed the video material with interviews with the artists and the possibility to read and interact with other students in real-time via the forums.
Course is more not about seeing through photographs but about history of photogrpahy. I hoped to see some best masterpieces of modern photographers and the course offers just photos made on current social topics as wars, poverty etc. In whole the course is interesting but in fact could be much more fascinating
I had almost no knowledge of the field before starting this course, so it gave me a very good background of what does being a photographer actually mean, how has an understanding of a photograph been changing through years. This course is really nice for the start, I especially loved the topic "People"
Thank you again... I really enjoyed the course!  Great taster of modern & contemporary photography  as well as artists who have made an impact on the craft.  That said, I would love to have seen & learned more about the early photographic techniques, processes & images, i.e. Daguerreotypes, etc.
I came to this course with zero knowledge of photography, hoping to explore something i thought i might be interested in. This course definitely helped me to do that; the clear structure of the course meant i was able to learn about photography easily, without any prior knowledge.  :)
The course provides an in-depth immersion into the worlds of photography. Beyond the genuine interest of the different courses, the learning process itself is well thought with a good gradation and the ability to deep dive into a theme thanks to the complementary material proposed.
Great course to understand different aspects and the history of photography.Sometimes the amount of reading is a bit difficult to read.  The videos are very inspiring.  The course covers various photographers.  I like that this course gives you an option for the final project.
More Non-American Photographers need to be represented. I know it's an American based course but it leans ver heavily towards an American view of the photographic world. Other than that, I enjoyed the course and the lectures. I would certainly recommend this course to others.
It was a great course to get exposure to Moma's photography and hear more about some of the artists and the works.  I felt it was more exploratory vs. a deep dive on the specific movements or artists.  In that vein, I felt the quizzes were a little much.
Thoroughly enjoyable! Learned that you don't necessarily need to take a photo in order to create a piece of photographic art. Also, learned about new artists and the history behind their creations. Lastly, got to see a wide spectrum of photographic art.
A very interesting course. It is wonderful that there are many videos of photographers who explain their works themselves. I also liked the reading material: the compulsory material is of the appropriate length, of a good quality and interesting.
Interesting course even for those who aren't photographers but simply love photos. I've learned a loto about the story of photoraphs and there are a lot of interviews which explain you the different point of view of some important photographers.
Learned a lot of about Photography & Art and got direction on what I want to learn further.I wish the videos were longer. Uploaded text was formatted in to be easier to read online. The pages were multiple horizontally and text was small.
The instructor- Sarah Meister really put a lot of thought in organizing this online class- including invited guest speakers via Zoom  and office hours.   She went beyond expectations. thank you for this relief fr everyday-quarantine.
I had the opportunity through this course to learn and understand a lot about photography and its evolution along the years, since its invention. I will watch photos from now on with a much better understanding and interest.
This course is well organised, well presented and valuable. It shares a wide range of photographic content and challenges students to think in new ways. At the same time, it is enjoyable to complete. Highly recommended.
This course provide a lot of article.But for the people which is weak in English (like me),the reading part is a little bit hard to understand.However,I still learn a lot through the video and I enjoy it very much.
Not the usual course about photography. It's another very interesting point of view where you can meet new and not so new projects and photographers and how to connect them and study them from a common topic.
Course good but clarity needed on the final assessment as more detail provided at point of submission than on previous pages - as one would not tend to go to submit until work completed this is problematic.
The course is a good introduction on how to look at images from a different perspective. Good materials, highly enjoyable. The reading lists are pretty good, with interesting additional material.
Great videos and interviews with amazing photographers. They leverage very well MoMA's collection. I think the course design and lectures are not the best way to grasp the key concepts ann ideas.
I enjoyed this course a lot! I learnt about many artists I had not come across before. It was interesting to see photography used in different and novel ways by a variety of artists.
Very accessible and informative. I wish there was more information on the issues and trends in photography and less on who said what. The first three modules are very interesting
An interesting outtake to examine the world as other photographers and artist see the pictures presented, changing the way we see the world, our work and the work of others
I found this course to be very informative.  The concepts of the course were well taught and I would recommend someone who is just learning about photography to take it.
I really enjoyed this course. A great number of additional materials for long read after finishing. ANd great broad selection of interesting photos and photographers.
Sufficient material, interesting perspective, in-depth study.But there is a bit too much required reading and not enough videos or other more interactive learning.
Really enjoyed the diversity and range of photography shown, definitely a good introduction to the various movements that make up the medium and how they interact.
I am immensely grateful for the course, I have enjoyed all the information and knowing more about the museum's collection and strengthening my gaze. Thanks Moma.
Perfect, really what I was looking for. Entering the photography world with a critic Eye and knowledge of what you are looking when you are looking a picture.
A really interesting course with great reading materials and videos designed specifically for its thematic weekly topics. I only wish it were longer!
A great course, could have been more proactive. I would have liked the requirement for us to go out and do an outside project or research subject.
This is an extremely engaging and well planned course. After completing the course of 6 weeks, you will never look at photographs the same way.
I really liked. Would have been nice to see projects by latinamerican artists but other than that I really enjoyed it and learned a lot.
This course helped me to gain a new insight in the world of photography and i discovered interesting topics to be further investigated.
A comprehensive beginners course to the appreciation photographs
and journey of photography. Insightful, fun, and well structured.
Content and structure of course is so good.Just the web page design not very user friendly and some information was missing.
i am a passionate photographer but i never knew about the stuff i learned from the course. it was a really helpful one too.
Loved It. I wish there was a way of making us dig more into the photographers that caught our eye and analyzing their work.
A lot of study of artist's work, which makes you study the history of photography as well. The weekly thematics are good.
I think such courses needs more assignments. Not only peer graded ones but also solo or teamwork projects. Thanks anyway
The reading materials are super helpful, there's a lot though, a little bit too much for one person to finish in a week.
Buen curso, sobre todo los recursos bibliográficos gratuitos. Nice course, the best part was the free library resources.
It's is indeed a very interesting and useful subject as it let us become more of a thinker and feeler at the same time.
Very nice course. I would add more videos, interviews and more interactive stuff but everything reasumed was worth it.
Could combine more contemporary work that challenges our understanding of photography. Really enjoyed the last week.
Excellent course. It gives me an insight history and views from how images have evolved from flim to digital eras.
The course was really good, you really learned a lot. however is a little bit difficult if you don't know english
A good course to learn about how photography evolved and how it has been used in various ways by various people.
It is not the best of ... but actually I was available to have some positive sentence about photography. Amazing
I can now look deeper into photographs that I love and understand them better because of this wonderful course.
Really enjoyed the content of this course. Exposes you to a variety of photographers and their personal styles.
I thought is was most interesting with a wide variety a subjects and the interviews were very well conducted.
I really enjoyed this course. I would like more personal interaction between the organizers and the students.
A really amazing course full of excellent resources.  Perfect for the inquisitive photographer.
Great course to learn about the different visions and angles that photography has to offer
Interesting insights in the history of photography and current way of how photos are seen.
anyone who likes photography should follow this course. Entertaining and enlightening.
A very good course, I learned a lot about new perspectives and history of photography
Rather interesting. Challenged my perception of what photography is and could be.
I just watched the videos - but they were terrific and very illuminating. Thanks!
Thought provoking material, that enlarged by view of the field of photography.
Loved it! Lots of reading, more than I expected, but worthwhile. Thank you :)
Enjoyed how this class made me think more about what I want my photos to say.
Amazing course! Interesting and very useful for who likes photography.
Super opportunity to view and understand some of MOMA's exhibits.
This Course broadened my mind and opened it up to new horizons.
Great class to study especially for those anyone who love arts
This course provides a brief historical review of photography.
A quick but full course about history of American photography
Very good course, a lot of very important topics discussed.
Interesting course. Inspire. Open up new perspectives.
Great Course! A tiny "but": it's all about NYC...haha
Very interesting course in the globality! Thank you
Interesting and useful for sure! Thank you Moma :)
Its a great course to get bases in photography.
Very useful and interesting course. Thank you.
Will like more videos and more photos. THANKS
Really interesting from beginning to end.
Excellent class. I learned a lot.
Quite good but only in english...
Good course.  I learned a lot.
Good, very interesting course
Great material and insights
very interesting materials!
Well documented modules.
es muy chevere
It was well organized course and learned essential principles to interpret photos. Thanks Coursera, MoMA and other sponsors for such an opportunity and platform for learning exploration. With Love!
This has been an excellent Course by MoMA on the Art and the medium of Photography! Mind you, it does not provide you with any technical skills or techniques at all. However, it handholds you through photography, from its inception up until the current era. During this process, it provides you with short yet excellent crafted excerpts from several photographers and their body of work, through brief  subtitled videos. Within seven Modules, the course explains in depth the meaning of photography, the importance of context, and how you should learn to "read" photos, not only as a passive spectator but more actively. During the course you will learn to appreciate photography not only in terms of light, composition or the synthesis and the subject, but by also considering the background of the creator, his/ her prejudices, the era when each photo was taken, the social context that led to the capture of each distinct photo etc. The course also successfully criticizes the use of photography, helping you identify what is the ambivalent meaning of each photo and how it is frequently manipulated by the media. To make things better, the Course encompasses rich online reading material (some directly from the MoMA library) and also several informative slideshows. In brief, this a magnificent, well-designed Course if you are passionate about understanding photography. It will provide you with a restart point towards photography and it will create an immense appetite to delve again into photography and to try to understand it, this time by having a richer background. All from the comfort of your home, through self-paced yet timed Modules' sessions. An excellent course! Kudos to MoMA and Sarah Meister for crafting it.
I did enjoy these 6 weeks. I found the course very informative. There are a lot of rich content , text, images, video that make the class the more interesting.I really recommend this course.
This is a really great way to get a beginners academic insight into photography, really interesting video and written content. I learned a lot and enjoyed studying again, thank you MoMA and Coursera!
I was a student of Art History and I graduated with a theme focusing on Documentary Photography and Photojournalism, therefore I have read many books about photography and I thought I knew a lot about it. But this course showed me new perspectives and ideas, presented new photographers I have not yet know, and gave me new motivation to work in the field of photography. I also appreciated so much that there were scans of books and articles for us to read in combination with images and video - I think the mix of all three is a perfect way to study and should be also practised at Faculties (and from my experience, it is not always like that). Great work, I was really lucky and honoured to be part of the course.
This was my first course done through Coursera. The MOMA resources were great and I found the course really well curated allowing me to develop my understanding of photography that much better. The modules moved me from one interesting aspect to another. Reading resources were excellent as well as all the other clips embedded in the program. Opportunity to provide and receive feedback was good and  the online platform worked really well.
Seeing Through Photographs has given me a whole new way of looking at my own and other peoples' work. So many aspects, details and points of view, the world of photography now seems even more amazing.
It was very insightful, and a good thing is they offered quizzes and other full content, which some other free courses do not, which really helps learning. Hope to go for other courses under them. :)
The course was educative and highly engaging. The short video clips with the quiz questions at the end of each module helped me to further understand the topic of discussion.Furthermore, the submission at the end of the course and review of colleagues work added to my better understanding of the course, as I was able to share in the understanding of my other coursemates.I hope MOMA will come up with independent courses that will treat each of the six modules as a separate course.
It was a pleasure and valuable learning experience to study this excellent, very well presented Coursera course, and it felt a privilege also to have the course led by such a world-renowned respected organisation as MOMA! I liked the structure of the course, with its good balance of written material, excellent video lessons, and assessment exercises. The list of reading material for each week was highly relevant to that week's theme - with the required reading providing a sound basis for understanding photographic ideas, theory as well as practice, and also provided a direction for further investigation. I really appreciated the videos where we get to hear photographers talk about their works, which gave insight into the photographers' mindset and what they were trying to show through their work. As well as all that, I enjoyed seeing the large range of photographs that was presented as part of the learning. These covered works by accomplished, talented, acclaimed, and some historically important photographers - and for me, this was the icing on he cake! Thank you Coursera and MOMA for this wonderful course!
Seeing Through Photographs by MoMa is an extremely well organised course. Sarah Meister from the Department of Photography has done a fabulous job of curating this course. The modules of the course follow a chronological process which is easy to understand. As a person who has just finished the entire course, I would have to recommend it to fellow photographers who are looking for a way to be involved in the various discussions regarding photography in the art world. It encourages you to grapple with some of the questions raised and challenges you to be consistent. It is a great course for anyone interested in the history of photography and evolving contemporary practices in the field. What strikes me the most is that it is not an outdated lesson in history but ties up the course together by making it relevant to our time and age. Overall a great course by MoMA and I had an amazing time learning.
The course presents many important topics in a very attractive and engaging
way.
The course changed my perception of photography very much. Many of my
photographs stopped to please me .. I also appreciated a few previously
rejected  .. I got to know some of the
works of many great artists and intend to deepen the knowledge about these
artists. The most valuable value that I personally drew from the course is the
enlargement of the frame .. thinking about how important is everything that is
what is important and what so far I neglected and disregarded in the frame. How
to change the focal length from 100mm to 35mm Participation in this course has
put a lot of new questions ahead of me ... and gave me inspiration to look for
answers at the end of the course. Thank you for preparing this
wonderful course.
This course is a magnificent introduction to the various modes of seeing photography - it offers an expansion on just seeing the subject matter of a photograph by bringing into focus different strategies and techniques which could alter the visual discourse within an image altogether. It also offers a great introduction to a few contemporary names (photographers which have been exhibited within MoMa). All in all, it gives the learner a great stepping stone into becoming more comfortable with their knowledge of photography as a medium , their ability to consume and understand the photographic output they are being exposed to on a daily basis and their ability to speak about them with confidence.
This course exposes you to a variety of approaches to creating and viewing photograph-based art. The student is responsible for integrating the material in a personal way, and can always do more than the minimum required. Instructions are clear, references are plentiful, and the quiz items are mostly straight-forward, on two or three occasions a bit too esoteric. Keeps you on your toes, though, and you can repeat the quizzes. Overall, a very valuable experience, to experience these topics from the perspective of a first-rate museum!
Excellent course! One of the best I have ever taken on photography. It opens up a large variety of topics and plots them along the evolution of photography from its very beginning to today. All of the content was hugely interesting, the materials and required readings were well-chosen and, most important of all, the course opened my eyes to many new possibilities of creative expression. This course is a must for anyone seriously interested in the subject of photography.
Coursera gives me a platform to explore new skills. I was able to experience education from world-renowned universities without losing out on career opportunities.                                                                                                 - Thaneshwary kirupanantharasa -
Seeing Through Photographs was such a wonderfully complete and inspiring course. The design and content provided a straight forward yet challenging set of well documented resources to learn absolutely everything about the history, development and current components of photography, primarily American. I absolutely gained so much from the manner of presentation. The details concerning the exhibitions and literature produced by Department of  Photography Museum of Modern Art as well as access to its resources was phenomenal.  I loved the component breakdowns.I cannot believe how much I did not know as I have been photographing for over 20 years. The course filled in so many blanks in my mind in terms of history, focus and expansion of the full use of this most valuable tool to see the world. Thank you all for your hard work in creating such an awesome course.
Very interesting, intensive course about the history of American photography and its pioneers, the captivating details about the creative processes and the impact of the medium on the mass and art culture. Interviews, led by curator Sarah Meister, were very appealing, thorough and well-finished. I enjoyed getting to know the stories behind iconic pieces and the artistic lives of international photographers, it spurred my own creativity. Readings were also a relevant support in overcoming the tests at the end of every module and writing the final essay for the completion of the course. Fair grading given by the instructor and other partecipants.
Amazing course! Enjoyable from the first day. Sara Meister and her team did a great job with the video selections, interviews, reading material and visual input. Not to mention the invaluable sharing of her knowledge as curator of the MOMA photography department. What a wonderful experience! I highly recommend it!This course has given me the opportunity to enhance my knowledge on photography and strengthen my  confidence towards the way I see photographs. My best wishes to every one that decides to take this course! Regards
It was such a pleasant journey, thank you so much because I learned a lot and specially I discover a variety of talented photographers that have inspire me even more, This course has aroused my curiosity in to all the different types and possibilities what we can work and explore within. I really like this course and the way it is done. Sorry if I did not participate on the discussions but apart the lack of time as my english is not very good I do not feel very comfortable exposing my ideas on another language.
A really interesting course on the history of Photography throughout its main categories, on its relationship with the world, with society, with people, with media and technology, from early years to now. The course is organized in exhaustive and complete lessons and modules which include interviews, final texts, confrontation exercises with the community, free online sources and educational materials.
It was an inspiring, very interesting course through which a person whether new to photography  or not, can get a grip on the multiple aspects that involve photography. The course has a lot of useful and inspiring information, photographers, projects but mostly it is designed in such a way that many things are said and left to the participant to work on them.  Very interesting , well done. Thank you.
Excelente curso, la diversidad de enfoques y opiniones sobre el arte y la fotografía han sido de gran valía, muchas gracias por el curso, espero tener la oportunidad de estar en otros cursos con ustedesExcellent course, the diversity of approaches and views on art and photography have been very useful, thank you very much for the course, hope to have the opportunity to be in other courses with you
Yes, I feel I begin to see through photography again and again.Incredible open content, with paths going towards photographs that I will follow.
Excellent course - highly recommended. The material is super interesting and varies from week to week so there's always a new topic or idea to be reading about. The content is well put together and comprises a mix of videos, short 'look & learn' slideshows as well as many excellent articles and essays to read at your own pace. I'm a working photographer with an interest in history and theory and I got a lot of mental stimulation from this course - am a bit sad now that I've finished it!One word of note is that the "1-2 hours per week" commitment is on the low side. You might get away with 1-2 hours if you are a fast reader and only do the bare mimimum readings, but if you want to deep dive into the topics, look up photographers mentioned in articles as you go, and really get into the material you'll need to set aside more time. I ended up spending way more time than anticipated but loved doing it so it was ok ;D
A very accessible, thought-provoking, and often surprising introduction to the most underrated of the visual arts: photography. The instructor, Sarah Meister, has structured the course very cleverly to give you a comprehensive and historical view of photography as a technology, an ever-evolving artform, an institution, and as a way of structuring how we see the world and ourselves. The photographers and images she focuses on are as varied as the field itself. The readings are short yet insightful and engaging. There are plenty of additional resources so that you can delve as deep into any specific topic that you want. Ms. Meister is continuously adding new resources to build on an already excellent course. Highly recommended to anyone immersed in a world saturated with photographic images – that is to say, everyone. You won't see the world the same again.
I learned very much from this course. I enrolled in this course because I love photography. I can stay an entire day looking at photographs. And this course has helped me to have a broader, deeper understanding of a photo. I knew nothing about American or other photgraphers. The amount of documents available in this course was amazing (although not usually mobile friendly), so I ended up reading them in my tablet. The videos available were of great quality and very useful, including the text below it. The studio centre sessions and other activities (Webinars) was really enjoyable as well.I still have much more to learn, but at least I have a strong foundation thanks to this course.Thank you all for the help and incredible organisation. Great team!
I learned a lot, and that's important to say because I was coming to this course already with an established understanding about the medium.  What made this course so special was how the material was presented though the perspective of the curatorial department of photography, Sarah Meister and colleagues from the MOMA, making it a dynamic and overal fun experience. I learned about contemporary artists and certain  vernacular process that inspired me to learn more. The course is filled with many resources, including video interviews, reading material, some of which is hard to come by.  I just want to thank you Sarah Meister and colleagues and the MOMA for putting this course together.  Hoping for a part II
I found this course so enlightening and it achieves so much in such a short period of time. I think it is greatly curated and the extracurricular activities made me want to learn more with the additional resources in each case. I really enjoyed taking part in some discussions, the short videos are amazing to have the initial overview of the topic at hand and then to carry on with the reading. I wish there was such a course more directed to hands-on photographic techniques. I would definitely take part in that as well. The course, in summary, has teased my interest in Photography even more and now I am considering to start an actual Photography course as a hobby and learn more about photography worldwide.
If you are willing to learn about american photography history ,how photography evolved,improved and reinvented itself assuming different photography conceptions,styles,artistic expressions,representing ideals,context movements,fields of work and take a look on its most significant photography exponents throughout  the decades since X!X century until current times,the most relevant and historical photo exhibitions through the decades, different professional photographers testimonies,experiences and a bit about the history of the Modern Art Museum of New York and its Photography Department this is the right course for you!I highly recommend it!
This was one of the most enjoyable courses I have every taken.   My complements to the instructor and the entire staff.   It was kind of like a book that you cant put down.   I woke up every day energized to learn more.   I recommend this course highly to the next 300K people.  :)Two minor improvement comments: (1) the essays would make references to photos in the original books and these were just essays from the books and so the images were missing.   Fortunately in most cases I could find something suitable with an internet search.   It would be useful if photos could be included.(2) Some of the NY Times readings were behind a paywall.
Highly recommended. An excellent introduction to the history, language and appreciation of vernacular photography. The reading material and video lessons were highly relevant and well put together. For those who want to learn how to look at contemporary, as well as 20th century documentary, portraiture and constructed photography, this course is invaluable. As a photographer who is actively engaged in capturing images of the world around me, this course allows me to appreciate the historical development of the craft, and diverse stylistic forms to exoand my horizon.
This is a very useful course I have learned more about photography history around the world and around us. Now it is a digital world, but a lot of artists can use camera-less methods to produce their works and are successful. These art of works are still attracted hundred or thousand of people to look, to enjoy, to share and to spread their emotion feelings. I hope these kind of technique and other camera way can be lived forever. Thanks so much for MoMA who provides this kind of courses to public and well done for every staff.Thank you very much!
I loved this experience. In this awful and stressful time, being able to learn such a complex and interesting part of  the history of Thought, really inspired me and helped me develop new ideas and projects for the future. I hope, deeply that there will be many more courses organized by Moma. I also am really grateful to have had a glance into Moma. Being italian i have only had the possibility to visit the museum in two moments of my life, when i couldn't really appreciate it. Thank you so much. Stay safe and have a nice day!
This is a really strong introduction to canonical views of the history of photography. It gives a strong overview of aesthetic impulses and concerns of photography from the perspective of the MOMA, which has been instrumental in establishing photography as an art form. If you are looking for more cutting edge or avant-garde perspectives or a diversity of perspectives, you will not get it here but if you are looking to understand how the arts establishment views photography this is a wonderful start.
This course is an absolutely fascinating introduction to the great questions raised by the medium of photography, how it's perceived and used in our current society. It's wholesome, well-built and grants you access to a great number of thoughtful  contents of quality.  I'll definitely be coming back to this course to get in touch with the complex ideas that are presented there. It's an invaluable resource for everyone who wants to become more literate in the language of photography.
Seeing Through Photographs has been a real exploration into the history of photography. The resource material is vast and the accompanying videos full of insight and valuable information to help you along the way. Being able to save notes from the videos to refer back to was a plus. The reading material was well documented and there is a plethora of additional reading and resources available which I would highly recommend. Thank you MoMA for such an enjoyable and rewarding course.
The insights from professional artists and curators really makes this course  a unique experience. I learned a lot about the history of photography and what to pay attention to to decipher photographers' intentions.I'm learning photography as a hobby and with a secret hope to produce interesting enough narratives to be worth sharing. There is plenty of material covering the technical aspects. This course fills the striking gap about the cultural and societal role of photography.
The reading material provided on this course for download or to read online is phenomenal.  I really appreciated the articles and chapters from books made available.  The selection was excellent and was obviously chosen by one of the great experts in the field of photography.   The videos made by MOMA are first rate.  The photographers selected for study are wide-ranging and well chosen.  This is a brilliant course which I am recommending to my camera club here in the UK.
Seeing through photography- one of the best courses offered by MOMA. Throughout the course I  gathered information on various aspects involved in making of a photograph. Documentary photography and photo journalism was the best part of this course, we get to learn the history of photography which shook the world. I extend my thanks for choosing this course which indepth widened my understandings on the photographer s who dedicated their life and art for social cause.
I really enjoyed the way the curator moved us through aspects of history and concentrated understanding of particular subject matter, it allowed you to learn about influences in that area and consolidate with a bit of reflection/discussion and quizzes which helped when looking back about the writing of a course.In the future, I would have more confidence to join discussions about this because of the way the course has given me some confidence about my new knowledge.
Great to get an historical snapshot of photography which then provides context to how photographers have developed their skills and turned, what otherwise would have remained a scientific tool, into an interesting and artistic art form.  The course has also provided guidance as to how to explore the many varied ways in which one can compose and curate a series of photos and also give differing context to the original captured image when displayed in differing ways.
Albeit not an original statement, this course REALLY changed the way I see photographs. There are so many meanings a photograph can assume, from the photographer view and from the observer point of view, that learning to identify all of them brings another level of understanding and the opportunity to choose the lenses you want to apply for viewing pleasure, giving you the freedom to choose the lenses that you see better fit for your own objectives and enjoyment.
I did not know what to expect from Seeing Through Photographs and what I learned was so much more than I had anticipated.  I now view photographs with a different set of eyes.  What is the narrative of the photograph, its narrative, the artist's point-of-view?  I truly enjoyed the learning process.  It was a journey of learning about the history of how photography has evolved and what an impact it has on society.  It records many different facets of life.
I would highly recommend this course to anyone who is interested in photography.  Its varied learning styles are excellent and are reinforced by a little quiz at the end of each section. The webinars were really interesting and allowed students direct contact with the course organisers.  Sarah was amazing and with her team have created something that all major galleries should look at and attempt to duplicate.  A big thank youMarie
An amazing course, thank you MoMA and Coursera! Made me look and appreciate photography on a whole new level. When we're being bombarded with so many images on daily basis, taking the time to look back at the history critically, and at the ideas and approaches that have informed photography was really refreshing. Special thanks to Sarah for all of the interactive content and showing us a little snippet of the incredible collection.
It was one of the best courses I have ever taken! The contents, the structure, the selected material, everything so exciting! The only little (too little) disappointment is that the Final Project is corrected by peers, so I wonder how big the effort for a quality project hast to be, one only some standard parameters are taken in consideration.But honestly, I did not want it to end. It would be great a Part 2!Norman
I really enjoyed following this course and I learned a lot about understanding photography. The videos and the written content are all very interesting and bring out different perspectives. Also Sarah Meister is a great curator that keeps in touch with the community via mail to inform about new events or resources to read from the MoMa besides the ones available in the course which is really appreciable.
Incredibly informative with very helpful videos. Caters to multiple methods of learning and inspires those who take the course. Well fleshed out, the readings are amazing and in depth. They incorporate them into the quizes well and broaden your understanding. The accompanying zoom meetings and artists talks were an even nicer way to get a broader understanding and learn that beyond the course teachings.
I really enjoyed this course. The content was engaging and the videos and interviews really brought it to life and put faces to famous names in contemporary photography. I found the course both accessible and challenging. It was also wonderful to get exposure to work by some photographers I hadn't encountered before and to learn about photography's evolution as an art from from an American perspective.
This course was extremely challenging. Not only has it opened my eyes "pun intended" to seeing photography in a whole new way, but it has also given me the insight and the knowledge base to critically examine my work and also that of others with the view to developing my analytical eye when it comes to photography. I no longer just see photography but now I see the story and intent behind the mage.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. I have no background in the study of art history or of photography, but found the course engaging and easy to follow. The short videos and interviews were fascinating, and the course brought me into contact with the work of a range of photographers with diverse and inspiring visions of the world. It will certainly change the way I look at photography in the future.
The content Sarah Meister and the MoMA staff put in to this course is amazing.  So many resourses, I am sure I will refer back to some of the links, readings, and my notes for some time to come.  The course took me back to the energy I felt while studying photography at Arizona State University back in the 80's.  Thankful I found the course, well worth the time, a great return on the investment.
I took this course while in lockdown from COVID-19. I expected something superficial, lightly entertaining, a survey of modern photographs that would barely skim the edges. What I found was the polar opposite: an thoroughly engaging, detailed and engrossing analysis of modern photography. I already knew a little about photography but this course added so much to my knowledge. Highly recommended.
Another way to look at photographs, to better understand their techniques, to reflect on the context in which they are represented and again to understand the role of the single photograph when it is part of a collection. An interesting journey from the origins, from the birth of this art to the present day, explained in a simple and captivating way and with lots of ideas and in-depth material.
It was a really interesting course for the way and the type of topics exposed. I found the vision proposed by many photographers in American history really exciting. The most iconic of all in my opinion was Dorothea Lange with her memorable and immortal work Migrant Mother. I hope that in the future the moms can offer other photography courses.Thank you for the opportunity FondlyAndrea Liguori
A highly informative course that took me through the history of photography and what the in-depth meanings behind images. It offered me a wide-ranging view of where photography has been and has left me excited to see where it is going. With this newfound appreciation and education in my field, I feel much more confident in what I'm shooting and enlightened by what I'm capable of seeing.
Thanks to a great institution like Moma, everyone in the world can have access at a wide range of material and contents about photography. This is a real museum for me: an institution that gives the possibility to everybody to have access to culture, using the most innovative ways to reach the biggest number of people which is possible and to create high quality contents.THANK YOU MOMA!
Excelent course, very insightful and inspiring. I learner a lot about documentary photography and the interesting variations it has in daily life. A lot of historic material that helped me further understand the value of documenting events that may not seem important ate the time but surely will mean a lot to people in the future and may give a glimpse of a fragment of history.
Started the course.  Completed everything except the last exercise and believed that exercise was ridiculous.  checked the course a few months later and the last exercise had been changed to include a 2nd option that made sense.  Completed that option and believe the 2nd option made the last assignment in line with the rest of the course bringing my star rating from zero to 5.
I learned so much about photography that was previously unknown to me, helping me to view not only the artistic aspects of photography but how it reaches out to us on a daily basis in so many ways. The course content was very well put together, with great videos as well as readings. I would highly recommend this course and look forward to taking more great offerings from MoMA.
I really learnt a lot from this course. They are so generous with the learning materials, it's impossible not to gain great insight into the history of photography. it is rather centred on Western and American photography, but this is from MoMA and they have their speciality. Would be great if they expanded to include the trajectory of photography in Asia and the Middle East.
I found the curriculum encompassing key areas of interest and the content excellent, albeit mostly American.  For me personally, I found the reading offered to be taxing, especially when the writing was overly complicated. I was lucky to see the online session between Sarah Meister and Sally Mann on Dorothea Lange. It seemed informal and very easy to watch.. Thank you
This is an amazing class that presents an excellent overview of photography and how it relates to the human condition.  There are various photographers whose work is examined and critiqued.  As someone who has not done much photography lately, it has rekindled the photography spark within and I am looking forward to further improving my work as a photographer.
Very in depth, but accessible. Well put together.  I learned a TON from this course, and have recommended it to anyone interested in photography.  It doesn't deal much with the technical aspects of how to take great photos, but it puts photography into perspective, and relates it to its position in the world, culture, technology, history, and, of course, Art.
I learnt a great deal from this course. Each week covered a different aspect of photography or image making which made learning both interesting and stimulating. I found  the course thought provoking. Some of the essential reading articles in the reference section at the end of each week are very long and dense so allow time for these before the weekly test.
It is a wonderful course for those who want to acquire or to deepen their knowledges in the field of photography, especially in the theoretical part of it, like the history of the art, different artists and their practices, some tendencies in photography from the time it was invented till our days and various ideas that emerge in the contemporary visual art.
Thank you for the opportunity to learn so much about photography. Although I had read various books on art photography history and evolution, it was much easier through MOMA videos and presentations to understand a lot of aspects. It will help me a lot in attending future exhibitions  and also in acquiring  photobooks and photography. Will surely recommend.
A proper photographs has power to explain the time, emotions and it can touch lot of souls. I personally learned a lot of things about why humans started photography and how it has evolved over time, also about its importance in modern society. I am thankful for the team who developed this course. I believe it has changed the way I used to see photographs.
The journey of this course is amazingly good. I got to know that photography is not just an art or in documentary use. It's more of a combination of them both. There are no boundaries in photography. It's a really good way to explore your life and all what's going on around you. And I've got so much inspiration from this journey that I really appreciate.
magnificently detailed course, of great interest, with a vast archive and detailed and specific material for every section, with interesting interviews of experts. the course has widened my horizons and has enriched my knowledge with invaluable help thank to the great work of the curator too, for all this I'm very grateful both to Moma and Coursera
Although I did not chose to purchase the course, and therefore did not do the peer review projects, I found this to be a very rewarding course. It is very informative and I find that it has changed my perspectives when viewing photography. I plan to take other courses from MoMa- either auditing or purchasing I think these courses are valuable.
It is a course about history of American photography. I really like the course structure and its content. Videos have subtitles in different languages. However, the biggest part of the course consists of multiple hard-to-read art criticism essays written in English, so international attendees could spend more time on this course than expected.
I’m very happy to have taken this course in photography because it enriched my personal skills and knowledge. It is well structured, every week there is a different topic to talk about, with video lessons that explain in a detailed way the topic of that specific week. I suggest everyone to take this course because it is really fascinating.
For a commercial not so young photographer, this course was so interesting, refreshing and the lectures provided me a wonderful structure. The content was just perfect to understand in a short time the most important perspectives, (historical and contemporary) about photography. Thanks MOMA what would photographers would be without you!.
I really loved this course because I learned to analyze and critic some of the work we discuss each week. I truly believe in self-learning and through these weeks I appreciate the way I can acknowledge things and topics about photography and I also learned the big work of making an online course with professional teachers and examples.
I loved this course! It allowed me to discover amazing photographers around the world.Additionally, I learned about documentary photography, pictures of people, about challenging histories while constructing narratives and the contemporary culture!In conclusion, I loved the course and now is my dream to go to the Museum of Modern Art!
This is a seriously interesting course. It includes a wide range of perspectives and practices in photography with a manageable coursework, and at the same time gives a wealth of information to anyone interested to get to know more about a given module or artist. If MoMA decides to offer any other similar courses, please count me in!
Great content and very useful material. Lessons are prepared in a very professional way. It probably misses some analysis of the preparation work the mentioned photographers did for their collections/books. It's more based on critics and MoMA history and connections with differents genres and movements within documentary photography.
The academic base is very well prepared and let me see the history facts and learned about photographers that made a huge impact into the industry. Changed my perspective view to the black and white and documentary photography by helping to discover the hidden sides and effects. Special thanks for the media content of the course!
I really enjoyed this course. It was very though-provoking and students could dive in as much or little as comfortable with. The instructor emailed us and sent various opportunities to attend extra chats, webinars, etc. It was very well paced and stayed interesting the entire time, even for those of us who are not "art majors!"
This course has helped me understand the complexities, or at least some of the complexities involved in documentation of events around us (the main area of my interest).  It has deepened my understanding of the meaning of art (an old fashioned phrase!) and will help me (hopefully) make my writing more nuanced. Thank you.
This class was an excellent overview of photography. I also was able to learn about new photographers. I've taken a history of photography course before and other art courses where photography was reviewed so I was happy to see that the course still allowed me to learn something different. I highly recommend this course.
This course gave me an excellent chance to study the history of photography through the works and lives of interesting photographers. I've learned a lot about 'reading' photographs and creating better and meaningfull photographs. These six weeks were fun, interesting and make me look my passion in a more artistic way
I really enjoyed this.  It encompassed the history and art of photography and provided some succint and select examples of the artform.  I emerge from it with a deeper appreciation, not so much from a technical perspective but a better understanding of emotions that are generated and also what is possible. Thank you.
This class is good for anyone who has an interest in photography either as an audience or a photographer. You'll learn the history of photography through different eras and how it developed over time. It's not really about how to take a photograph but more about understanding messages in the realm of photography.
It's an exceptional course.  The content and topics covered are quite varied but they manage to establish an archival relationship between them. It is a tour with the curator Sarah through the MoMA archives that will hardly be repeated. For photographers or not photographers it is a course that I strongly advise.
This course does not only provide insights into photography since the Daguerre era, but at the same time offers a drone-like introspection of human history, culture and civilization, during the same period. It is expertly presented following a multidimensional approach and it is worth every minute spent studying.
I've only done just 2 weeks of this course but I am totally falling in love with It.I am not that photography master, it's just one random passion I have between many, but thanks to the pictures shown and the detailade but not hard to understand knowlege I am starting to be even more passionate about Photography.
This was a thorough and very well constructed course, I really enjoyed the variety of challenges, resources, range of photographers and approaches to seeing through photographs. I would recommend this to both those new to studying photography, and those like me, who have been studying photography for some while.
It was such a great pleasure to follow this course. It was my first online Photography course I attended and I learned how to look at photographs in such a different way. Even if many photographs relate to the real world, it's incredible how each viewer has a different  emotion of the same  image.Sabrina Biagini
Thank you so much for everything - all the in-between information I received, especially the invitations for discussions, all the wonderful online readings (and the it was possible to copy out text for translation - as english is not my  mother language, that was sometimes helpfulGreat experience! kinds Harald
A well structured course taking the pupil from the early days of photography through to the modern day, focusing on the many and varied subjects and methods used by the leaders in this medium. Both mandatory and optional reading materials mean you can do as little or as much as you want to complete the course.
Very interesting and informative! I was able to complete the course alongside other studies as it's flexible and easily set out to follow progress and areas missed. Would highly recommend for anyone interested in photography or art as there are a wide variety of artists and themes within photography covered.
Great course for reflections on photography and analysis of art. You will be provided with short interviews with artists and art professionals. You will discover photographers you didn't know and potential links among their photos. A really good option for anyone interested in photography, curating and art.
I developed a deeper understanding of the role of photography from this course. From the first lesson I was hooked. It has ample examples of all different types of photography and how they have influence society. I found the interviews with the photographers to be enlightening. Highly recommend this course.
lots of information that went beyond what the lectures talk about. The class overall serves as an introduction to photograph examination and historical progress. I really enjoyed its content and can also say that I will use the information I learned in the future, for personal as well as academic purposes.
I learned a lot from the course on how to make develop your idea & sense as an Artist/ Humanitarian. I can see the world through a viewfinder for the love of light! This course is ever well structured. Guys , 'Seeing Through Photographs' is great photographic course for Activist/Visual Art lover.Thank You.
As a gallery owner (GALLERY5X7) and photographer with interest in what is termed "alternative process photography," I appreciated the course starting with a view to historic photographic process and ending with questions on the ocean of images we are inundated with from social media, etc.  Great course!
It was enjoyable journey through the history of photography, technical 
means, methods, understanding, some prominent names and less known ones. I like the structure of
 the course, short videos, quizzes and materials provided. Definitely there is much more of reading than minutes shows and it is good.
An extremely well organised, informative and educational course, with excellent materials including book extracts, web links and videos.   A lot of time and effort has gone into making this course and it clearly shows.  'Seeing Through Photographs' is a must for anyone who is serious about photography.
I want to thank all the teachers and those supported the course, it's an amazing opportunity to sort out the knowledge and get a deep understanding of photography as art and medium. It filled the gaps in my understanding of this art form and gave me so many new ideas and inspiration! Thank you!!!!!
This course is great if you interested in the history of photography. It looks at the past so you know why photography is the way it is today. Whether you enjoy taking pictures or just looking at photographs. This course breaks it down indepth so you can anaylize photographs on a day-to-day basis.
This course offers an excellent overview of the movements and styles that made the history of photography. The Readings & Additional Resources they complete each week are real treasures through which exploring and be inspired by the deep analysis of the authors. Now I love photography even more.
A great course. It opened my eyes for how photography works (production, circulation, reception). Many aspects of photography were part of the course, not only 'art', but also documentary and other forms of non-artistic photography.Lots of videos to make clear what photography is all about.
The course offers knowledge about photography and its history, classes are carefully prepared and in order to facilitate understanding. The questions were clear, instructive and of good quality.
Thank you for the opportunity to participate in this course, my expectation has been reached.
The course is great. I am not expert about photograph just a fan of it but with this course I learnt a lot about the history of photograph and about the artists as well. Deffinitily if I could have a chance to attend a second module of this course I would do it. Thanks MoMA and Coursera.
Seeing Through Photographs is an excellently curated and presented course.  The historical images assembled and the new content created for the course are all pertinent to the subject being discussed.  Seeing Through Photographs helped me understand and appreciate photography even more.
This course gave me such a valuable perspective on all that photography can be and do, to see the diverse work of some greats in the field, the constant reinvention (and innovation) in the field as the world around us changes, especially in the way we make and consume images everyday.
Thank you for this great course. The content covers both the general public and focuses on deep content.

I have just additions to the Indicates required readings and resources.

The file is a  ★ PDF. I would like to have the image of artist of the sample in the content as well.best,
So beautifully "curated", so intricate but simple in execution, such an amazing insight into American photography. Fully recommended to anybody remotely interested in photography and its history. Thank you MoMA, and Ms. Meister for carefully putting together this marvelous course!
Very good course!The platform is very organized, the course is interesting and the material is very rich.The course helped me to improve my knowledge of photography and its narrative forms. It's a great course. I recommendCongratulations to the creators for their excellent work.
Both insightful and inspiring story about the medium's history through the look at the outstanding American artists and their works. It was a real pleasure to take part. I especially enjoyed emails with additional materials and invites for online sessions of questions & answers.
I recommend this class as a wonderful historical overview of photography. Take advantage of the extra readings and video presentations. Course is very comprehensive about the history of photography - it lightly touches on post modernism and artists of today. Wonderful teacher!
I m new to studying courses on art and I found this course really interesting and informative. The structure of the course is easy to follow and I partcularly enjoyed hearing the artists talk about their work. It has ins;pired me to sign up for another MOMA course on coursera.
I absolutely loved this course and have learnt so much from it. The resources, both videos and readings, were first class and very informative. It was challenging and really made me think more critically and deeply about photographs. Thank you MoMA for another great course.
Deep and well structured material, with a high level of interaction and diverse media (videos, extracts from books, links to websites). The final assignment is also very well thought, interactive and instructive. The community section is interesting and good for discussion.
I found the course very interesting and captivating, I discovered  new  modalities to look at photos and to understand them. I've learned new ways to be a photographer, looking at the process and above all  looking at the society  and at the meaning you want your work has.
Useful techniques explained to understand what photographs are really showing, not just what you see on the surface. Plenty of good materials and additional materials if you're interested, I enjoyed this short course and recommend it to anybody interested in photography.
It is always a joy to learn more about photography! I loved looking at the work of talented photographers who have made such contribution to this discipline. The course was super well structured, tailored and run. I could not fault it and would recommend it to anyone.
I had a fun time perusing through the extensive reading material provided in the course. The videos and quizzes were a lot of help as well. I really appreciate that this course provided equal amounts of opportunity for fun, critical thinking, and contextual learning.
Great video quality and storytelling which makes the whole course very engaging. It broadens my perspective about Photography through the lens of very unique photographers. I'm deeply thankful to live in this era and have the chance to access to this kind of content.
Thank you very much. The course was saturated and I enjoyed the process of studying a lot. I like the sequence of materials, and interview with the photographers. Special thanks for the books, they are really awesome! Wish you all the best. Sincerely yours Alexandra.
There is a lot of material to review; however, well worth the time and effort. This is one of those life-changing opportunities to see how the world reflects back to you and your response to it. Will be drawing on the wisdom contained in these 6 weeks for some time.
I like "Seeing through Photographs". It gave me a lot of new inputs to topics and I liked the way we were learning about the old masters and there work. It was well organized between articles and videos with a very good explanation and overview of the photographers.
It's been a wonderful course. I've learned a lot and enjoyed it.
I'm a retired woman but I'm very eager to learn. I am not fluent in English but with a little effort and help from the translator I have managed to reach the end.
Thank you very much to the whole team.
I loved this course immensely. I learned to challenge the way I view photography and how to see "things in things". I will take the lessons I've learned here and use them to shape my photography work from here on out. Thank you MoMA for making this course available.
Get a precious history culture with many reference about main photographers and evolution of technics , its limits and possibilities . Learn to read and give sense of way to photograph the world . Critical view of world too .Initiation of contemporary photography .
I definitely loved this course! I`ve learned so many things about photography and was introduced to so great professionals. There are also so many ideas and concepts to work out and to keep in mind. It was an enjoyable trip. The course exceeded my expectations.
This is by and far the most beautiful, well-laid out and organized Course I've ever taken. The case studies used are insightful, thought-provoking and a treat for your eye - especially the thought processes of the photographer who clicked that particular photo.
The course is very helpful to explore the  different ways of photography, the way to see photographs, making perspectives, knowing the photographers intention and how one type or category of photographs can be clicked in different ways and many more.Thank You.
"Seeing Through Photogaphs" opened my mind to new artistic prospetcives and ideas on photography. I am very grateful to have had the chance to attend this course. I reccomend it to any person who is interested in photography and is willing to gain new skills.
Such a great oportunity to travel through the fantastic history of photography, you will see grat artists and great topics to enlarge you knowledge, Thank you so much Sara, annd the MOMA for giving me the oportunity to learn and enjoy much mor the photo world
The course is excellent: 
very well structured, videos and slides very good, the opinions of 
fellow students are very interesting ...It is a course that makes you think. Very highly recommended. My sincere congratulations to the organizers of the course.
I was excited to attend this course, every module introduces new degree of understanding what the photography is and how it circulates, how it affects our life and vice versa how our requirements, social issues, technical progress etc. affect photography.
Very
interesting and useful course. With very well structured materials. Unordinary
way to estimate the work of every student. The course assignments challenge the
students to profound analysis and looking for original ideas. Warmly recommend
this course.
This course is fantástic, the approach, the authors and their creations are very interesting. For me, the best important has been the reflexions, about how make the photography, the how, why and in order to that. One experience, that I recommend totally.
Seeing through Photography is a great course for me and I have gained a lot of new information about photography, history of photography, and its importance for the world. I admit "seeing through photography" was the first course that I could finish it.
I absolutely loved this course! In six weeks, I was able to learn a lot about one of my favourite art forms. I'm keeping my fingers crossed that MoMA will have another Photography-based course like "Seeing Through Photographs" in the future.  Thank you!
I think this course can improve a sort of "photographic" awareness when considering images, an ability that pushes the observer from simply looking pictures to the capability of reading pictures. This is quite different and I found it very useful to me.
Very, very interesting, it opened my eyes to many different styles and genres of photographers I had never considered before and many new artists. I especially liked the discussion on the way that photographs can be shared on the net nowadays. thank you
I loved this course. It made me have a deeper vision about photographs and how we communicate thanks to this powerful tool that we have nowadays. I would strongly recommend it to anyone that is interested in this topic and wants to know more about it.
It was such an amazing learning experience. As an architect and a TA I immediately applied what I have learned in my professional life. I would highly recommend it for those who understand that there is more to photography than just instagram snaps.
The course is informative, interactive and uses different means to deliver the information, such as videos, text, discussion boards and interviews with famous photographers.  I would recommend this course to anyone who is interested in photography.
I have found the course inspiring as it has helped me to categorise and create albums of my photos into more than chronological lists. I' am now createing series of albums and better able to get my toughts across and to share my views with others.
Quick nice introduction to critical analysis of photography as art reviewing different artists. Personally I enjoy the most documentary related photography and I'm more distant to more artistic related photography.Enjoy good moments with course.
given that the topic is potentially so broad, I thought that they way this course managed to steer us on a logical path that felt both chronological and thematic was impressive. I've loved the exposure to photographers I hadn't heard of before.
Thank you for this wonderful opportunity that has
allowed me to analyze a subject who is very dear to me, through images and
exceptional documents. Definitely will be the basis for new experiments in this
wonderful art which is "photograph".
All themes
of this course have shown me different aspects of photography and have given me
the chance to see them with a more critical eye. These themes and
photographs have changed my way to understand photograph as a more complex
process.
It is an amazing course. it gives you great tools to make judgments and to appraise photographic material from different kind of artists. I enjoyed all the lessons and read every text consciously as it brings you closer to the compositions.
I highly recommend this course as it's so stimulating and you can learn a lot about the history of photography and how to understand it. It's very proffessional and the contents are of very good quality. Thanks a lot to all the course team.
This course really helped me to appreciate the history of photography and to learn and see it from another perspective, I also got to know a lot of new really important photographers, I would totally recommend this to colleagues or friends.
The course is excellent
He shows the common thread of photography through time and his week 6 that shows the different ways of using photography today open an interesting panorama for different approaches in this discipline.Elena Caja 2020
If you love photography and the history behind it, this is the course for you. Different ideas, techniques, and an overall appreciation for the creative arts is what this class is all about! Worth the time and money for that certificate :)
The Seeing Trough Photographs course was splendid opportunity to improve my point of view, learn more about the Photography's  180 years of history and understand how to use such a valuable past to improve my work. I surely recommend it.
I'm impressed by the way different photos were included in each module.  It shows that the curator does have inspiring  advanced skills of observation. And she also prompt us to implement ours throughout  the course and on every aspect.
I really appreciate the approach of the course, with deep insight in different aspects about the lecture of the photography grammar and it gives me a new, wider, capacity to interpretate and consider the.... oceans of images around us!
This course has allowed me to truly appreciate photographs and also in accordance understand the artist intention in dealing with the photograph he or she has made. I m also thankful for many other new insights that I have found .
Definitely an eye-opener! An eye-opener not only to the intentions and personal meanings brought by photographers on the images they created but to the ability of one's self to understand the history of images presented to us.
It was a beautiful tour of the past and present in the history of photography, this course has sparked even more my interest in continuing to study this medium and it has forever changed the way I will take a photo next time.
Its a wonderful journey of understanding images and there impact on our lives. Equally recommended for general family curator to a professional photographer. and yes art lovers it a gift! Thank you MoMA, thank you coursera!
I Really loved this course,  It introduced me new keywords,language,different way to analysed a piece of art  and specially New Photographers that actually i've been at the exhibit while i was Studying it.Highly recommended
excellent for whom wants a deep insight of photography.Very interesting topics and each week they present a variety of artists and photographs. Loved learning more with all the different techniques that the course present
Thank you for this beautiful media opportunity known by the observation of photography that I ignored and for guiding and accompanying me in this well-structured study path both on the content and technical level. Thanks
This is the first online course I have ever done, and I guess I couldn't have chosen better. It's gripping, thoroughly prepared, there is a grand variety of materials that accompany every lesson. I highly recommend it!
I really enjoyed the Course. It's very well organized and it has a very interesting syllabus. The videos and talks in each module are really interesting and informative. And all the recommended readings wvery helpful.
This has been monumental learning, well structured and thought-provoking. Well supported by incredible course material, support from the instructors and really a paradigm shift in your view of Photography as a whole.
The course will probably help you learn something new about photography. In my case, it was even more interesting, since I was looking for new ways of getting inspired, during the covid-19 isolation and I found many.
I loved this course! So inspiring and wonderful. Makes you want to pick up your camera and apply what you have learned. I know the photography class I teach will love looking at the work of the artists featured here.
Totally worth it! I strongly recommend this course to all aspiring photographer who wants to delve more into this art and its history, and the way it has been involved in the wolrd and our undertanding of images :')
I have learned a lot from this course. The new perspectives and focus on different aspect of image that I never thought about and that helps me to look photography in more sensitive way. Thank you MoMA and Coursera!
The course is very good. I read a lot of information about different photographers and their work , photos shape our lives and views so we should be careful while looking at some photos and what message is included.
Lots of great info from the course. I just wish there was more interaction with the staff and other learners. Most learners don't fully participate in the course. So there's not as much exchange as there could be.
I would lie if I declare, that completing this “ophthalmologic  photo-language course” gives me the superpower to "really see through" photographs printed on hard barite paper. But I had a lot of fun :) Thanks
Thank you for putting this course up on coursera. I really appreciate the amount of work that has been put into it. The results is both educational and entertaining. I have already recommended this to friends.
Fantastic course! Loved every minute and enjoyed it so much. Thank you MoMa and Sarah Meister for creating this wonderful course which has taught me and incredible amount about photography and how to view it.
I really enjoyed the course, the way it is structured, the clarity of concepts and the agility to go from one topic to another.I learned a lot and I want to enroll in more courses with you.Thank you very much
Wonderful and comprehensive course content, great selection of issues, supported by wonderful material. Lots of interesting food for thought, fascinating history, and brilliant artists and works to discover!
It is a great study program for photography. I want to congratulate the whole staff of MOMA for this complete and marvelous description of the history of this medium along with the current exploration of it.
Very interesting introduction to the history of photography as a medium to see and interpret reality. A rich bibliography with extracts from MoMA catalogues and photography classic books. Great experience!
The
material of this course is of high quality. Well designed and presented. Highly
recommended to anyone wishing to gain some basic knowledge on the
historically conscious body of the photographic world.
It was a very interesting experience! Great authors and professors. I learned a lot and I hope this platform will help people to increase their photographic culture, like it did to me!! Enjoy the course!
Seeing Through Photographs is a very well structured course. It gives you a complete understanding of photography history and its application through different times and furthermore in contemporary art.
A great course offered by MoMA. I really liked the general content of the course, full of historical information and full of articles and resources from important people in the world of art photography.
I really enjoyed the modules in the course, especially the one about documentary photography. I liked how the last module brought in the contemporary world too. Great course, very helpful and educating.
I loved the class. As a photographer sometimes I tend to be very focus in gear and technology. I loved the artist approach of the class. I learn about great photographers and their influence in society.
It has been an excellent course that allows to learn very interesting concepts about the history of photography, photographic narrative and has allowed me to learn with the works of great photographers
Inspiring course if you love photography. In 6 weeks time you'll get indepth information about history, techniques, backgrounds on both artist as artworks. Mostly pieces that are acquired by MoMa.
I am very grateful to the group of creators from MoMA who prepared
this course for the gigantic work done and for putting their heart
into it. We, students, are really appreciate it! Thank You :)
Is a excellent curse for understand better the history of the photography. Every photo represent perfectly the topic in the week. MoMA give the best information for learn and analize the themes.
It´s a full course about all aspects of photography which has changed my perspective and placed me in other level. I´m grateful for beeing able to take it. My sincere compliment to all involved.
If you're a photographer or you're interested in photography's history, this will be great for you. You get the chance to know about many photographers and different themes of the media itself.
This course has brought me into a new perspective in seeing photos. A very inspiring course which has in-depth of how others making the photos and how the photos interpret the time and history.
wonderful course!very interesting ,I think is the best for improve your skills.i want to say a big thank you to Sarah and all the MoMa team for the lessions,the  unique material and the video.
I have gained a lot of knowledge with this course. The content of each module helped me to deepen the aspects of intellectual creation presented by each image. It has simply been enlightening.
I loved this course. Built very well and has dealt with all the issues in a complete and exhaustive way, it has allowed me to open my mind to new and interesting interpretations. Really good.
A highly professional course, which certainly helps the student to expand his photographic knowledge as well as his creativity.
The reflections will not fail.
Thanks for the opportunity MOMA.
Wonderful. To get into Moma archives has been incredible. Interviews are so interesting. Really grest course. Couldn't imagine such a gift! Thank YOU. From the heart. Antonella, Rome. Italy.
I appreciated the amount of material we could study. Videos, texts, 
pictures. Everything was well explained and videos had subtitles in many
 languages. The topics are really interesting.
Really interesting course, it changed my mind about the comprension of the photography's world. Thank you so much for the opportunity for me to learn new things about this wonderful topic.
Very comprehensive overview of photography - I learned a lot more than I expected given the time frame. There were a lot of resources and readings, and I enjoyed the fact that the quizzes
This course was a great experience. I think anyone can take it and enjoy it, regardless of what their background may be. It is fun, interesting, and inspiring. I definitely recommend it!
Absolutely wonderful. This historical overview challenges your mind and allows you to think outside of the box. Also, your views on photography will be thoroughly enhanced. Try it today!
i loved this course, i learned a lot and could comparate photographers with different view and type of shape of art. i hope that in a future will have more free courses. thanks you moma!
Have just completed the first lesson and really enjoyed the videos which makes the subject so more compelling and the ideas more accessible. Look forward to continuing and learning more.
I really enjoyed the lessons in seeing through photographs. What I like most about the course are the videos posted by MoMA, it was a pleasure seeing photographs from their collection.
Good course for an experienced photographer. I benefited from the first read. However, I am a beginner and this course was to advanced for me. I'll be back when I have the basics down.
An excellent pre amble to a University  course in photography.  It’s also taught me to look more objectively at Photographs by studying the artist/photographer a little more in depth.
Simple stunning amazing compilation of authors, tendencies, videos and information. Totally recommend it. So easy and challenging at the same time. MOMA and Sarah Meister amazing job.
A very brilliantly done course that helps students who study photography achieve a very good degree. Looking forward to see more around while I enjoy learning more about new artists.
Amazing course took it back in 2016 and it gave me a great understanding of what photography is and can be, the forums were very active back then and was a very enriching experience.
A really interesting course that allowed me to refine my approach and understanding in several aspects of photography and in turn allowed me to mature some ideas for future projects.
A great introduction to extend the perspective from "just" taking pictures to a broader understanding and perspective of the perceptional, social and personal aspects of photography.
It was an amazing experience, I am very glad that I took this course. He changed my vision of photography and made it possible to move further forward to new experiments in my work.
Thoroughly enjoyed this course. Was incredible to see the developments in photography and to gain an appreciation of the importance of documenting social history through photography
i thoroughly enjoyed this course a lot more than i expected. Being able to question imagery and its narrative in different ways. Love to digest things differently. Thank you so much
Seeing Through Photographs is a fantastic course. It is perfectly guided and contains a lot of interesting, valuable and useful material. I enjoyed it enormously. Totally recommend.
Thank you so much for this vital course. I loved the interviews and Slideshows. Some of the reading material was too vague for my taste. But otherall it was a fantastic experience!
This course gives you a wide overview at different techniques, styles and fields of photography, from its birth till present day. I would recommend it for both novices and experts.
seeing through photography surprisingly opened my mind to the creative possibilities in photography and the possibility to transfer the topics to my profession and to my hobbies.
A very good course for those who have a bit of time to invest in reading. The interviews are very interesting and the selection of readings gives a lot of material to reflect on.
Great introduction to looking critically at images, challenging myself with questions about images. Course is well presented with an interesting array of artists and interviews.
Awesome course, Amazing wealth of knowledge, Εxceptional photographers. Profesional and joyfull ride to the magic world of Photography. Thank you Sarah Meister, MOMA, Coursera.
It was a very nice surprise that interviews with famous photographers have been included. It's a way of viewing behind the scenes that can change the way one sees photography.
Absolutely Awesome! It is a time travel reviewing history, psychology and others important factors of the humanity. Really enjoyable and really high quality. Highly impressed.
If you love photography this course is a must!Photographs contain lots of information and through this course you will learn how to approach an image to really appreciate it.
Really useful insights to the works of photographers over the years and how styles have evolved/been revolutionised.  Great course content and challenging quizes/assignments
Excellent, comprehensive, thoughtful, informative. I am extremely impressed by the content and the resources provided. I would like it to be offered again.Thank you so much.
It was a great course.  I really enjoyed it and learned a lot.  The presentations were interesting and the reading list was extensive.  I am recommending it to many others.
A really interesting curse. It open My eyes to different concepts I didnt enjoy before. Loved the work of so many photographers! Moma made a great work creating this curse!
Each session is very beautiful with many photographs and great explanations. I am looking forward to look at many photographs with the background knowledge learning here.
Useful and indispensable course for those who work with images: by photographers to graphic designers; by art curators to museum directors, etc.Truly a well built course.
This course was wonderful. I loved learning about each artist every week and being able to have access to the archives at the MoMA, Thank you Sarah for an amazing class!
Interesting approach of looking photographs through different  issues. I also learnt  ways to look at pictures.Strongly recommend for those people who love photography.
Very interesting course. It is a introduction course to interpretation and history of photography. Interesting topics are developed along the weeks with amazing videos.
Really enjoyed this course. I was so involved that I did the 6 weeks of study in just one week But intend to go back through the readings and resources to learn more..
A great insight into Photography. A mix of history and artistic education, mostly orientated towards art. I've discovered some new doors into the world of photography.
This course keeps what the title promises, look through the photographs, is a truly innovative course, once completed the photos will be seen with new eyes. Great!!!!
Thorough and interesting contents. Amenable. Quite hard to pass as I have not enough time for it, which I regret. Trying to catch up.Congratulations to Sarah Meister.
Excellent insightful and interesting course. It has enhanced my understanding and provided me with a greater depth of understanding to my own photography. Thank you.
A wonderful journey through the evolution of photography, thoroughly organized and full of interesting and original inputs. I would love Moma to set up a second one!
I found the course very interesting and educational, it gave me the opportunity  to explore more about photography and to know also some autors I did'nt know before.
Excellent introduction to the world of photography as an art. Valuable hints and advice that might help everyone to better receive and perceive visual information.
thanks MOMA for your well sequenced course " Seeing through Photography".I could clean and match my knowledge puzzle about looking at photography in critical way.
Amazing content and truly a source of inspiration! Very nice to see a lot of examples, very insightful readings and the ideas explained directly from the artists.
I really liked it. I knew the world of photography is extense, but i never took the moment to completely learn about it. This course is complete and interesting.
Excellent content that presents the work of many photographers and styles.  I particularly enjoyed the sections in which photographers discussed their own work.
It was engaging and I learned a lot about how to think about photographs and questions to about them. May contribute to how I make my photographs going forward.
I really enjoyed and learn't a lot from this amazing course. It shall absolutely assist me knowledge and creative wise with my further ventures into this field.
I`ve studed shot for years in Brasil , but after the course , I could see more critically some work that I use to admire, but from now on I began to understand
It has been an excellent course, in terms of content, exercises, discussions. 100% recommended for anyone who likes to look, but above all think photography.
t is an excellent course, instructor Sarah Meister guides you through the entire course in a simple, focused and well-documented way. I highly recommend it.
I haven't enjoyed a course this much since college! (25+ years!)Thank you for this wonderful survey of photography as art. It has renewed my interest in it.
I got new knowledge about the art of photography, which will allow me to more consciously and critically treat what I see in the photo. Thank you very much!
Truly authoritative materials and the opportunity to customize your learning make this a good introduction on how to look at photography as an art movement.
All the information is really useful to form a criteria about photography, and also it helps to understand which is the role of photography and our society.
I really learned a lot from the course, it widen my narrow mindset in photography. I am glad I joined this course. Right choice made at the right moment ;>
Very interesting course of different aspects to take into account when we look at a photography. Perfect for to know photographers of all times and styles.
A very good course, with rich materials, great interviews with a huge number of artists explaining thier work and their idea of photography. Recommended!
I found this to be an enjoyable comprehensive exploration of the history of photography viewed from a contemporary perspective. Diverse and eye-opening.
An amazing opportunity to tap into the resources of MoMA with a structured and easy to follow lesson plan, artist interviews, and curated reading lists
This is a very fabolous and intelligent course about photography among the years. The Plus is the inside view of the artists! Thx a lot MOMA- i am Fan!
Thanks to this course I now have a greater focus to appreciate a photograph, I think this is very important to determine the visual quality of a photo
Fascinating course! I'm discovering and learning so much! I also could spend hours looking at the selected pictures of the course... Thank you! Céline
You will never see any photo the same ever again.  Fantastic course.  Supplemental readings are wonderful.  So grateful to the folks at MoMA for this.
The course was very informative and educational. It help me analyse and interpret photographs and find meaning to it.  Thank you MoMA and Ms. Sarah.
Even though, I have been taking photos for a long time, this course increased my literacy and help me understand photography from a different angle.
This is a fascinating course, providing excellent course material, allowing you to explore further the world of vernacular and fine art photography.
It helps me to understand the importance of knowing the photography background, so now I can see new perspectives when I am going to take a picture.
Great introductory course. It covers most of the aspects of photography and gives suggestions to those who want to learn more. Thank you very much!
It's really a knowledgeable course for photography. It's necessary to know about photographic knowledge when you are an photographer or an artist.
very indepth! really enjoyed the way the course' expositions of different photographer along with several recorded interviews or analytical texts.
This course is 
very good it has improved my way of analyzing and understanding about 
the concept that every photographer had when doing his work
It`s great, I enjoyed taking this course, I never thought that I could do this! I learned a lots of things and I “meet” some interesting artists.
I am very happy to have taken the course, the contents, the exams and everything is very well, I am proud of the result and I highly recommend it
Very interesting course, great material and courseware.Interesting and fascinating topics are presented during the 6 weeks course. To recommend.
Inspiring, and life changing!Beautifully curatedand a truly balanced celebration of voices to include female pioneers and african-american voice
A comprehensive vision of the evolution of photography as a medium, exploring all its different languages, meanings and evolutions through time.
It is an extremely educative and rich on the content course. Highly recommended for anyone looking to get a broader perspective on photography.
I've just have learned a lot with this first week less. Reading history and getting to know important photographers, fact, moments and curiosit
Awesome course, great learning materials and presentations!  Extremely useful for many photograpers and people just interested in photography.
An exemplary course that opens ones eyes to a better understanding and appreciation for photographs and their artistic and scientific history.
Excellent course, thoroughly recommended if you're interested in understanding the history of photography as an expressive and artistic medium
An incredible way to learn about the history of photography and its main aspects, currents and artistic waves. It could not have been better!
This course helped me discover a point of view different from the one I had used. A part helped me improve even in my way of taking pictures.
An interesting path of photography from the past to the present. Very interesting and very positive course to interact with others students
Excellently curated course that really dives deep into the fundamentals and growth of photography as a medium. I loved every second of it.
I appreciated a lot this course because it was full of arguments I had never faced and because every issue, idea, was explained very clear
Loved this course- kinda short- but very informative and organized well with a lot of examples! Would love to see more courses like this!
Really interesting, it gives a deep wide view not only on the techniques but also on the personal evolution of the view of photographers
Highly recommended. Was a very inspiring course to follow. The interactive way it is being thought is very helpful. Thanks so much MoMA.
I enjoyed this class because it will allow me to bring additional perspectives to the photo history classes that I teach.  Thank you.
A great instance to learn and appreciate visual art media through an extensive review of the different approaches of this discipline.
Well stuctured and well supported, I like courses that open questions and not give only ansers. The support material is very preciuos
Love it, been finding new things about photography that i didnt know and it confirms my decision of walking this path, super happy :D
It is really good you have interviews with the actual photographers and that they share something about their work :) Learned a lot.
Very informative! Excellent links to reading resources. Would highly recommend the course to anyone with an interest in photography.
I like the commentary and the readings. It is an amazing sneak peek into MoMA's collection and very objective overview of the works.
Very enjoyable and educational, good selection of topics, artists  and photographs. balance mixture of reading and watching videos.
Highly recommend this course. Selection of topics and reading/video materials is excellent. Inspiring. Moving. So much to explore.
the course has completely changed my see through photography!I am grateful of the steps forward that the course has made me made.
Well prepared, well written, weel edited.That's only an issue, about frequent iPad crashes while reading supplementary materials.
Outstanding course.  Enjoyed all the modules. The videos and recommending reading resources are invaluable.  Highly recommended.
I really enjoyed the course! I just wish there was another week about composition or technique !Loved the videos and interviews
Very well curated and informative course for any one interested in reading and critically evaluating the world through imagery.
Great way to learn about art and all the ways it's used to show life, progress, pain, love, beauty, etc... Loved this course:)
An amazing course that inspires people on doing something for the future, like a photo that can be remembered for long times.
Es una Excelente opcion para formar mejor criterio Fotografico/It is an excellent choice for best photographic Form criterion
Incredibly beautiful course. I appreciate the care that the course team put into the production and the content. I'm hooked!
Excellent introduction in a critical approach of reading, looking and seeing photography as an expressive artistic medium.
I love how you can improve your skills with this course and how you can understand the great job behind every photograph.
its been a rewarding course, really interesting for me that I've been working as a photographer for the last twenty years
This was my first experience with Coursera & MOMA. Great material, user-friendly environment, very inspiring. Well done!
Beautiful course that changed my perspective looking at photographs as fine arts. Loved the history bits here and there.
This course is beautiful, with a lot of material! Is a good way to develop skills to read a photo or series of pictures.
Amazing course! Each module was very well constructed and the supporting material was very interesting and professional.
Well structured course, I had opportunity to know new photographers and artist which enlarge my viewing of photography.
This was an amazing and a very informative course. I had really fun learning about the history of photography this way.
AWSOME COURSE.VERY WELL DOCUMENTED AND MENTORED. IT HAS BEEN A PLEASURE LEARNING AND WORKING ON THIS COURSE. THANK YOU!
very interesting with a big amount of info in regards to photography..the best part for me was documentary photography!
You think you know about Photography but you have no idea! Extremely interesting and useful, completely worth the time
Great course which opened my eyes and heart to photographic language even more. Thank you Sarah and Coursera so much!
Fundamentally changed how I view and understand photographs which I will utilise in my picture making moving forward
This course is
excellent. great learning experience. parabens teachers and help desk support
team especially Marie .
This was a great course with very good and interesting sources of material which I have really enjoyed and learned.
I really like how detailed everything is. The reading is a little tough but they're all rather informative. Thanks!
A great view on a topic that is not always adress in the importance that must have. Don't doubt to do this course!
Just phenomenal.  It's beyond words.  A real experiental learning opportunity that riches across history and time.
The course is exceptionally well laid out and has helped me to not just look at photographs but see through them!
Very helpful as an introduction to the world of photography and how we could use it to view the world we live in.
I love this course is very emotional, emphathy and open my mind into fantastic world of photographyThanks so much
Glad to have participated in this course. Classy and fun, a very accesible journey through this art. Recommended!
The best course I ever made. I never met people who talked about photography like you, people. Thank you so much.
This course is perfect. I learned a lot and I value all the information obtained. Congratulations on the course.
Thank you for this course, it was a great pleasure to connect to your site in order to progress in this field.
Great lessons, I have learnt a lot from it! Please keep going and bring us more good classes like these, best.
It's a very good course. I love photography and learn about this incredible artists was an amazing experience.
This course was more enlightening, interesting and difficult than I had expected.  But I loved the challenge.
Highly educational and inspiring. I would certainly recommend it to my friends who are learning photography.
A really good course that helped me better my vision in photography and grow as both an artist and a person.
This course led me through different aspects of photography and provided me with new eyes to look at images.
The readings are truly intresting and very avant garde. great materials analyzed in a very interesting way!
It´s an excellent course I have learnt a lot and enjoyed as well with the knowledge acquire, thanks a lot.
So far amazing at making you think critically about what goes on around you. Everyone should have to take.
Interesting course who open my mind to understand more the diversity of photographs approct to the reality
Well structured course full of useful material. A valid tool for personal and professional growth. Thanks!
This course offers not only well curated course materials, but wonderfully produced videos and interviews.
I have gained in analytical skills and have enriched myself with new perspectives, what more can one want?
Really interesting and filled with hints to go deeper into Photography even after the course is concluded.
Good way to learn about photography .. art .. and more everything is good explain and i really enjoy it!!!
So enjoyable, so interesting.  When I see photographs I now think differently and more deeply about them.
Amazing course. I've learned so much about the history of photography and how to improve my look for her.
I love this course, so far it's difficult and we need to read a lot but I am enjoying it to the fullest!!
It was very interesting to hear different artists explain their art and make "their secrets" available.
An excellent tool to discover different ways to understand the role of photography. Congratulations !!!
the video is so nice.it's fun amd not too hard, mixed with lot of classic works and contemporary works.
Very interesting course with interviews and an extensive reading list. Learned a lot about photographs.
An eye-opening course for anyone who is interested about the development of photography over the years!
Great material. Great instructor. Great format. I really enjoyed the course and learned a lot. Thanks.
It was simply awesome ! It gave me a completely new and highly quilified point of view on photography!
I don't really learned something new on my own and this course for the first time, i did and liked it.
The course is well organized and offer interesting insight to move your first steps into photography.
Fantastic course! I learned so much and it gave me an enlightened perspective on viewing photography.
Excellent. Really enjoyed completing and learning. Than you for creating it and making it accessible.
Incredibly useful! I loved every module and I have learned to watch at photography in different ways.
Have you ever been in MoMA or you'll visit it soon? You should learn about Seeing Through Photographs
Terrific! I highly recomend it to people who want to learn more about photography and art in general
This course is very helpful with understanding photography. Excellent examples and reading material.
Excellent course. Opening eyes to the history of photography and how to further understand this art.
Very good course, complete and interesting, very easy to carry and the application is very friendly.
Excellent course, unusual and creative view on the photography and on our world! It makes it better!
Thoroughly enjoyable! A concise, and coherent course that progressed my understanding of the medium
Just amazing. I have a lot of problem with reading and I'm french but there is no excuse to learn!!
Was an excellent course and reminder of Photography's Why. Thank you very much for the opportunity.
Great course, really interesting to understand photography and appreciate it more to create better.
It’s a nice experience!!! I discover a new techniques in photography!!! I am very glad about it!!!
Perfect for beginnersSufficient information to gain knowledge Educational and not tiring or boring
Don't miss this course, it will change your life. It's in my top 3 (if not the best so far) MOOC.
Extremely comprehensive, great overview of history of photography and those who moved it forward.
An awesome course that let me understand better why i should consider Photograph as a form of art
Great! You learn how to learn to see photographs the right way through history and photographers.
This was an enjoyable and informative course. It was a nice mix of videos and reading material.
To see, understand, enjoy and thoughtful a photograph.  Amazing and really interesting course.
Congratulations to Sarah and the MoMA team on a stimulating Seeing Through Photographs course.
Really different from what I was expecting. Learned a lot and hoping to judge with new skills
The material was interesting, both in the selection of photographs and how it was presented.
Really cool course.  I learned a lot about photography, and it changed the way I look at it.
I love this course.  It was very informational and gets your critical thinking skills going.
It's valuable, theoretical and practical. Thanks so much in developing the wonderful course!
This is a great photography course, very useful, ineteresting and complete, I recommend this
This course is extraordinary! I feel that I've found what I've been looking for a long time.
There is a LOT of information to gather in this course, so be prepared for lots of reading!
Great course! I enjoyed diving into photography with such an important institution as MOMA.
Enjoyed the information, it was a nice refresher on some history and genres of photography.
a great unique course with exclusive interviews and presenting fantastic artists and works
I love the experience! I have learnt a lot and apply these to my modern photography life!
Great course. You will learn lots of things from the very first day. So happy I took it!
An interesting experience, stimulating and unmissable. I recommend everyone this course.
Excellent approach to analytical Photography observation. This Course is a pice of Art.
excellent introduction to a critical view on images wit many good examples and artists
Amazing so far ! Went ahead and bought a thick book to study more about the subject :)
Very intelligent curatorial effort and a diverse approach to photography as a medium.
An outstanding course.  Access to the additional resources is priceless on their own.
very interesting!!!I'm surprised, it's my first course in Coursera and It's very good
Outstanding, whether you are a novice or experienced- you will gain from this course
Loved this course! Highly recommended. Wish there was the next level up to enrol in.
Excellent and hardcore course. Train me using new way to see through photograph. Thx
The effect of this course on Me is amazing , worth going for interesting and great !
Very well put together and easy to understand. Covers a broad spectrum of subjects.
Very interesting and delivering new views also on familiar images and photographers
A beautiful, interesting and inspiring course for all artists and art lovers alike
Very interesting course. Great for to know photographers of all times
 and styles.
Amazing work. It makes me more open, and no doubt, better photographer. Thank You!
Amazing that in such a simple way, what we learn is huge. I could not be happier.
I mandy evans  of Cave, City  Arkansas  love and have learn a lot  in this class.
I learned a lot about the history of photography. Really useful for art curators.
Comprehensive material, intelligently presented and interesting! I learned a lot.
The course gave me a better understanding of how to appreciate photographs more.
The most inspiring learning experience i ever had online. Was totally a pleasure
interesting course, and I learned a lot of new information and new photographers
I really love this course. I appreciate all the new perspectives thath gives me.
Excellent course! The quizzes are a bit too hard, but the material is fantastic.
Interesting subject matter, and important regarding art and history and culture.
I learned a lot during this cours, I won't look the photographs as before now.
Objective, accessible, democratic and with great content, format and quality.
'Seeing through photographs' opened up a whole new world through a fresh lens
Gave me a greater appreciation, understanding, and foundation of photography.
Τhe training course I was attended was excellent. Waitting  for the next one.
Week 06 of the course opened my eyes - never seen photography in that sense.
Amazing material, great information sources, really helpful and eye opening!
A very multi-faceted, varied, and interesting course. Loved every part of it
Very interesting course if you want to get deeper on what is the photography
Very interesting course, lots of useful information and articles. Well made.
I thoroughly enjoyed this trip through several genres of modern photography.
Learned a lot I have a new appreciation for photography and it´s techniques.
Excellent course, very helpful, good didactic materials and nice experience
The course is awesome. It is very resourceful and certainly I will be back.
Rigorous in depth exploration of photography - its history, art and impact.
I really enjoyed the class and the solid list of reading/viewing material.
Great times learning. A beautifull experience. Thank you MOMA and Coursera
Great course, rich in content and great interviews! Really worth trying ;)
Great class to further your understanding photography as art and process.
Great way of getting in touch with photography and its meanings and ways.
Hands down, best course I have taken on coursera so far. Thank you, MoMa!
Excellent course, which encouraged me to travel to the USA to visit MoMA!
Beautiful course, good teachers and interesting theme. Highly recommended
Deep analysis, great selection of material, questions that make you think
Very insightful. And easy to learn and follow. I am enjoying the course.
Thank you so much, I have learnt a lot about how to analyze photographs.
Really enlightening have learn so much thanks for making this available.
Probably one of the best courses I have started - and I will finish it.
This course is fascinating! I'm pleased to have the chance to study it.
It's a ride through photography as a concept, it's only statring now !
Its really a great and informative course ,i learnt a lot through this
such a great course, I learn a lot with all the photos that are shown.
Great course, easy to understand and great readings about photography.
It has been an opening on photography as an art. More than satisfied.
Excellent materials and instruction.  Very stimulating and pragmatic.
it's a tremendous course teach you a new way to look at visualization
Very well done! Compliments to all the staff, my best regards, Dario.
It's a course very interesting, I've learn many thing on photograph.
I thoroughly y enjoyed this course. Very informative and insightful.
I have learned to see more in photography then just look at a photo.
Excellent course. Really thought-provoking and interesting material.
It is a wonderful course. I have learned a lot and enjoy the course.
Informative, engaging, high production value. I give it a hell yeah.
A perfect course, for all who wants to know more about photography!!
Lovely course. Very interesting. I learned a lot about photography.
I had a blast. Glad I could take this educational course with MoMa
I loved this course. I love all MOMA courses. Thank you very much!
I really enjoyed this course it opened my eyes to what can be art
Great course, would've been nice to get the certificate for free.
Very interesting notions and interviews on American photographers
Extremely interesting course based on plenty of useful resources
Enhanced my knowledge and opened the inner creativity within me!
Very interesting, I liked the contents and photographs presented
It's perfect for introduce  to historical art photogrphy. Thanks
I really enjoyed this course. I wish it had been longer.Thanks!
Great course, recommended to anyone interested in photography.
Extremely interesting and a vast amount of valuable resources!
Great course with helpful resources and suitable for beginners
Very interesting insight into photography genres and history!
Interesting for those interested in interpretation of images.
the course is well made, I've learned a lot about photography
So instructive and informative.  Kept me engaged throughout.
Very useful course. Required to study for all photographers.
An amazing journey through the various faces of photography.
I loved taking this course. I wish there were more like it.
A wonderful experience. It gave me a new energy to go on...
Very interesting course. I learned a lot about photography.
Wonderful course, I loved every single lectures. Thank you!
great course, very intersting introduction of photography ~
It was very excellent and useful. Thank you for your work!
I found the reason for the kind of pictures I like taking!
I liked very much this course. I recommend it to everybody
I learned a lot from this course, it was very interesting!
A nice course. Pleny of material available. Thanks a lot!
An amazing chance to understand photography beyond image.
excellent ,i loved this course , i am learned too much !!
Excelent! Realy changed the way I understand photography.
A great opportunity to learn and to rethink photography.
Loved it, lots of brilliant work and ideas in each week.
Very thorough and informative course! Love the material!
Well designed and fascinating course.  Highly recommend.
Great introduction to photography. I enjoyed it so much.
I really love taking this course. It was inspiring¡¡¡¡¡
Gives you a different way of seeing in your day to day.
Excelent course!! Changed my whole view of photography
the best course for me it is factory of photographers
Great course to widen your horizon about photography.
Thank you! A very interesting and worthwhile course!
Great course congratulatios!!! . I`ll recommed this.
Great course, with a lot of material and references.
This course was fabulous. I am sorry to see it end
Course on photography really well done and useful.
excellent! as a photographers we should know this!
Amazing teacher and great material for the course!
Really satisfied with the content and methodology
Great course! Really interesting and well done !
Very useful and interesting! Highly recommended!
Great course, recomeneded for photography lovers
Very interesting, lots of important information,
Thus far, very thought provoking and inspiring.
Excellent course, very helpful and educational.
Great course, very interesting and stimulating.
Love the texts and how engaging the videos are.
I really enjoyed this course :) Thank you all!
Really enjoyed this course's contents! Thanks!
Great introduction to the art of photography.
Eyes opening and awesome. Thank you for this.
wonderful. thank you so much for offering it!
A beautiful enriching experience! Thank you!
I'm fascinated with all i've learned so far.
Great Experience!!! I   100% recommended it
I really appreciate this course. Thank you.
This course was very interesting and useful
Exceptional, useful, top quality knowledge!
Great course....should give a certificate!
A great opportunity to see beyond pictures
A great course, excellent study material.
Excellent Job!  Keep up the Great Work!!!
An interesting trip on through the Glass.
The course was fun and very interesting!
a very interesting and beautiful course.
It's a wonderful way to spend your days.
Thanks for new information! It was cool!
Awsome information and quality material.
Interesting course. Very good resources.
Really interesting and inspiring course
A really interesting course. Thank you.
very impressive and interesting course!
One of the best course ever✨✨! Cecilia
Excellent course. Strongly recommended
Very useful course! I am enjoying it!
Great content, really helpful course.
Great content, Instructor was great!
One of the best art history courses!
Very interesting course! I loved it!
I leaned many new things from here.
Amazing Course, totally recommended
Great course, materials very clear,
This was very enjoyable. Thank you.
Very interesting clear and usefull.
Simply outstanding!!! Enough said!
Awesome course, Thank you so much.
Thanks a lot . I loved this course
Very good course, I learned a lot.
Really great and inspiring course!
Really useful course, recommended!
100% interesting and recommended
Excellent Course! Learned a lot.
Really interesting, great class!
One of the best courses I took.
Great course and great content!
Certainly a worthwhile course.
Everyone should do it!!!!!!!!!
A course that opens the mind.
Great course, learned a lot!!
It was very very interesting.
A complete, inspiring course!
A lot of materials ant texts!
Wonderful course. Thanks you
Highly recommendable course!
This course it is incredible
Amazing course and material.
Learned a lot and loved it!
Excellent new perspectives!
EXCELLENT, TOTALLY LOVE IT!
Really helpful and awesome!
Great Historical background
Definitely worth the time!
very detailed and specific
Great Course.  Great staff
It was a nice experience!
Highly recomended course!
the Photography in depth!
I loved It. Thanks Sarah.
Great and informational.
This great!.. excellent!
he was very educational
Beautiful works of art!
Great and interesting!
I loved it. Was Great.
Just loved the course!
really a great course
Over all expextations
This is super course!
It's simply amazing!!
a new way of seeing!
Very interesting!!!
Loved the course!!
Insightful course!
Great Opportunity!
Simply excellent!
well put together
awesome materials
I learned a lot:)
Short, but sweet.
Thank you MoMA..
Its awesome!!!
YouArethebest
That's cool!
Very Good !!
Phenomenal.
