I do not like this course at all.
Very narrow view of what art is. Political positions front and center a central requirement for inclusion. Most examples require a back-story or long explanation of the artist's intentions to begin to appreciate, as the work does not stand on it's own merits. Most examples are descendants of Duchamp, so you need to be excited by his nihilism to appreciate these selections.  The Architectural examples are the strongest work.
It's not exactly a course that discusses what is contemporary art but mostly a parade of artists and artworks grouped by themes. The good part is that we can discover some artists and their artworks and working processes. The bad part is that there's no reflexion besides it. For an institution as MoMA with a curator's team of such a great quality, it's surprisingly poor and deceiving. Instructors / curators do not "explain", they don't establish bridges between artists, times and historic contextes. They don't do their basic work that is to conceive and present an exhibition (and this course can be considered as one because contemporary art is explained from a certain point of view and not from another) . So if you want to visit an art exhibition without many intellectual and reflexion work being handle to you to improve your thinking, it can be a very nice and interesting parade. If you expect more than that, you risk to be disappointed.
The worst art course I have taken by far. For example, information is repetitive and boring. The instructors are just saying facts word by word and with no enthusiasm as well. It was good in the beginning, however in week 3 I got bored immediately and that I wasn't thrilled or anxious to learn anything at all. I thought this course was gonna be interesting and exciting, but no it was just repetitive like the previous courses I have taken. This course could have been properly executed better. I rate this course a 2 star out of 5.
It seems the goal is to make each of the themes different throughout the weeks but some were so similar to each other that it almost did not made the students explored other subjects further or made the topics memorable.
Missing information about important artists in contemporary art especially paintings !
I much enjoyed the learning offered by this class. The topics are interesting and relevant. I felt a little less guided by the curators, so I could not form a clear frame in which the lessons would follow each other. I could only make connections to my own references, not to the historical flow of Art, and I would have liked that. Maybe it's because it's a free class, but hey.
I like what's in the course, but I don't like the fact that they don't censor the swear words, and there are dirty terms in here.
I loved the course, it reinforced my thinking that art cannot be defined because it changes all the time: it is alive, it is organic, it represents, reflects and criticizes around the human being, the human tasks in relation to himself but also in relation to its environment, its past, its present and its future. Contemporary art reflects this constant change and this openness of the term art. I liked learning about new artists and new works from artists I already knew. The topics touched by art are much more diverse than I thought, art really is very broad and it opened up many new ways of approaching contemporary art.
The units were well planned. The art chosen were varied and well-presented.  I really liked the video commentaries by the artists discussing their own work.  I do feel  I have a better understanding re "what is Contemporary Art?".  The course could be improved with more instructor commentary and guidance.  Also an improvement would be if there were a way for the participants to be communicating to each other and discussing common challenges or perspectives.  But perhaps - that is the limitation of this platform.  Thank you very much.  I will be taking more classes here.
Interesting content delivered through a guided journey of examples of contemporary artworks in the MoMA collection, however, I feel the course ultimately fails to answer the elusive question "What is Contemporary Art?" In the end art is subjective, and each individual must come to their own conclusion. Nonetheless, a journey worth taking, it certainly opened my mind to the idea "that the role of the artist is really, quite frankly, as much as a scientist, to define what life is and what life can be" (Anicka Yi).
An excellent course and a great way for someone to truly get a great taste of what Contemporary Art really is. I thought that it was just a time-period. I was wrong. Each 'block of instruction' shows different styles and ideas on this subject. If you enjoy art or even if you do not enjoy art,..you will enjoy this course.
Overall it is a great journey for beginners to get acquainted with contemporary art and learn its ways of expression. I would just add that a tool for uploadıng our creations and discuss them as a peer review assignment would be a great tool. Thanks a lot for your efforts.
It could have more theorethical approach, some concepts that we could use to understand a work or just so we could have some specialist information when looking to some art work. But it's a very inspiring course.
Mind-openingThe course gave me completely new perspectives on the use artists make of a variety of materials including audio, advertising boards, film, personal movement and photographs.
it is concrete, it explains from an artist perspective, from a curator perspective and leaves you to analyze art in a diverse way that is profound but at the sea time practical
I have a master's in art history and I found there was a lot to learn and enjoy in this course. I particularly enjoyed how it was structured.
Though I learned something new in this course, I felt that it did not present as broad of viewpoint of contemporary art as I expected.
Great examples of contemporary art, quite inspiring if you create yourself. Would have been nice to have a bit of history as well.
An update on what art is now.  Nothing here is ordinary, expected art.  All are in unexpected forms.  Has no quizzes for a score.
Interesting but explores dark, negative themes. Needs a little more positive to give a balanced view.
Really enjoyed taking this course. Would recommend to those who know little about contemporary art.
A good first glance into contemporary art, very useful for someone who is a complete newbie
I enjoyed the course, it was the right level for me, not knowing anything really about art.
The course was a great eye opener. I wish it had more of a theoretical foundation as well.
This course gave me a new way of looking at art from a whole different perspective!
good course for giving insights into contemporary artists' mindset.
Excellent overview of the landscape of contemporary art.
Good course. Thought provoking! Thanks.
very well structured and interesting
really nice course.
Whether a fan of modern art or not, this course is really interesting and educational on how art is created, the story behind the piece, the materials, etc. Really well done by MOMA, thank you.
Amazing experience totally helps you have a better understanding of the contemporary art
I'm a sicilian artist, working hard to find a simple and effective  artistic language that can be understood by the most.My goal in the path of art is trying to communicate feelings that led people to join and not to divide.In order to do that,my ideas grows with the help of other's ideas, in a loving interconnection between medium's and vehiculation of ideas themselves.What I feel about art is an inner connection to the best part of myself: the soul.In order to feel art in an ethic way thoughts,art and feelings does't belongs to me,in a sense of possession, but they belongs to humanity as an interdependence bewteen who am I today thanks to others that has been before me.So  sharing is more important than possessing.After years of studying, drawing , painting and writing , ina private inner space, I'm trying to find a path to the exposition of my point of counsciousness and works.I had the abitude to retain closed in the drawer, ideas , drawings and paintings, feeling insicure on what I was doing, having the idea of keep them hidden , because weren't satisfying as artworks.Now I'm still insicure, and probably I will be like that till the end of my days, but with the peace of having the will to let others see what's inside that drawers. And try to understand if they have an artistic meaning and relevance.To make this step I was helped by those who has encouraged me to let them out, to take the risk, and especially than's th whom said to me that art I was creating has a strenght expressive of human feelings and fears . This course was a very inspiring path through ideas and expressions.It helped me a lot on my reaserch of my artistic Language with  a confrontation with other international artistic languages.Hoping that this message could be inspiring others to join communities and dialogue.
I discovered a lot of unfamiliar artists and topic such as border. It was worth taking this. I'm glad that I was able to absorb at this online class because it's my first time online course.
Another quick and well curated collection of works that are discussed in greater detail from MOMA
It has been a very educational and easy course to take and I highly recommend it. I must confess that before doing this course he saw Contemporary Art with more distance. I believed that there were thousands of nuances that escaped when it came to understanding certain artists and works of art and this made me somewhat reluctant to face him. This course shows countless artists and works of art and helps you understand their meaning and the intention with which their authors carried out the work. It is a course that I recommend to everyone who wants to understand the world of contemporary art a little more or who simply enjoys art.
Whether you're interested in art, have always been intimidated by it or are an artist, this is a fantastic course that I recommend to anyone. It's fairly comprehensive and easy to understand, and introduces you to the work of several artists that span across different mediums. You can also take it at your own pace, which I found made it easy to follow and there are also Zoom sessions with the curators, which is amazing because you could divulge further into topics and actively engage with them. For me, I definitely gained a deeper appreciation for contemporary art and loved the wide variety of artwork this course presented.
Very interesting and easily consumable resources, lots of video, audio, and short text so it was very fun and accessible. They have a good diversity of artists across ethnicity, sex, and country.
Great selections of artists . The course is full of videos, texts and interviews with the artists to delve into a beautiful journey of discovery of Contemporary Art.
I felt that it was very complete and not over complicated. I took more than what I was expecting from it. Thank you!
My only regret is that my busy schedule did not allow me to interact with other students and educators/artists featured more! The content seemed so timely in regard to the current events America is facing today. Although I've always loved art history it was powerful to see how recent and current events are features by all of these wonderful artists globally. MoMa is one of my favorite places in NYC and as a New Yorker the pandemic has made it impossible for me and others to visit MoMa and other art institutions so it felt beautiful to have a connection to the art world and the unity that comes with it.
I really enjoyed this course. It aproaches themes in a light and clear way, making it easy to comprehend. Personally, it introduced me to artists and art work i did not know. It opend my mind as to different ways of making art and getting involved in matters tha affect me as an individual but also affects society. It has always troubled me the situations in life that exced me and make me feel powerless. By researching more on certain artists and their work i learned that i can too contribute to help on those issues.
I am an intellectual, well trained, and professional computer specialist. It is obvious that I have some cultural knowledge. Five -six years ago, after being retired, I turned back to an old and stable hobby of mine - painting, and I decided that this time I will do it the right way. I found a painter, with a lot of practice in teaching, that I felt that she might be the one. I asked to do it from the beginning: sketching and drawing, then painting with dry and wet pastels, charcoal, carving, and printing, painting with acrylic and oil paints, watercolor, etc. She decided that I am good and throughout these years I became a beginner artist, spending from 3 hours to ~ 45-50 hours per week in artistic actions. Lately, I felt that I need knowledge, mainly with the modern art, but not only. IO Begun with "What is Contemporary Art?" The perfect choice. It was the first time I met the contemporary art. It widens one's (mine) horizons. And I felt, in the end, that it was just the right thing to do. For me, it was a very warm welcome to the area that I decided to learn, search, and lecture in the last third of my life. I feel I have so much to give, and so much to learn. Thank you all.
Time connects old and new. One lives from the past but we dream of the future. Mostly we dream of a better one, because we are dissatisfied with the current situation. Contemporary is therefore the connection from the past with the present and the view into the future. At the same time it is a criticism and an impulse. We should see the bad as well as the positive, connect it and bring it together anew. We learn and create with a knowledge we have created over generations, but with new challenges and spontaneous creative views. Thank you very much for all the information, videos and texts! Stay healthy and creative!
It was a great pleasure to be in this curse "What is a Contemporary Art?From the beginning to the end....It allowed me to explore the broad spectrum of all this talented artist....This curse gave me the answers for most of my questions...It let me appreciate and understand how the Contemporary Art is, and how Art still constantly evolving and offering maximum freedom to the artist to express their art in a very unique and personal way, so the viewers can see and interpret their art with their own perspective.
This course gives you many artist references. It also gives you a little perspective of what contemporary art is. The best thing is that it can be done for free and if you like it at the end, you can pay for the certificate, which is signed by the teachers. In some comment somebody said that the word "signature" appeared in the signature of the document and that the certificate is false. But I have not had any problem with mine. I strongly recommend it!
What a fantastic course! An absolute delight for anyone who is interested in the world of Contemporary Art. The course runs in a very smooth and easily understandable series of subjects and studies a vast number of artists and their pieces. Both video and reading material have outstanding quality. I would definitely recommend this course and would encourage everyone to learn more about Contemporary Art and visit MoMA after completing the course.
I
am very grateful to the Museum of Modern Art and the creators of this course. I
see with what love and attention to artists, contemporary art and the audience
this is all done. I got a new layer of knowledge and also structured what I
received from other sources. Many works have added to me not only impressions
and reflections, but also additional information about the historical,
geographical and social context in other countries.
The course is very interesting for those seeking a greater learning about contemporary art, its artists and specialized bibliography. Finally I took the course I wanted for some time and for free. The quarantine brought the availability I needed to complete the course. It is certainly a good baggage to better appreciate contemporary art in Brazilian and international museums.
It opened a window of ideas for me even for my on works of art. On self improvement and self expression. It also gave me the opportunity to think about society and issues of our world today. So I concluded that contemporary art helps us understand our on present and were the world’s moving forward, based on all these analyses of ideas, concepts, places, time, etc
To any art enthusiast, looking to better understand contemporary art ideas and themes, develop an appreciation for contemporary artists, artworks as well as gain confidence in discussion on contemporary art subjects, I would recommend this course - recommended for the varied selection of art, breadth of content and succinct exploration of the topic.
"What is Contemporary Art" has no
doubt demystified the art process as a solitary act which excludes those who
are not affiliated with the art world.   
This course has shown me that contemporary art is in fact challenging
but that those challenges force you to make your own connection and that
connection once made is intimate and personal.
This course offers a wide range of subjects that contemporary art deals with and, in addition to an introduction to the subject, it gives us a perspective of the different functions of art and how they detonate certain social devices around the world. For me, contemporary art always responds to where, why and what it is for.
I would suppose that contemporary art is a new idea
and concept that is sometimes difficult to follow. For me, It means,the  forms, the colors , the concepts and their
relationships with technology or the modern world. I also think that nature is a  major part of it because our world is based on nature.
It is best app for the students of fine arts we learn how to express our works and new techniques use in today's world and  we only heard about contamprory art but this app show the videos and paragraphs and tholrugh these lessons I actually know everything about contamprory and modern art.
Very interesting course. It deals with contemporary artists who deal with contemporary questions such as boarders, identity, migration, politics. I totally recommend this course not only for those who are interested in modern art, but also for those who want to understand better modern art.
This course opened my mind to many different types of art, artists use materials and mediums in very unconventional ways in order to deliver compelling messages. There is a lot of politics in contemporary art, deep meaning ingrained in what at first glance seems vague and uninteresting.
The course covers a wide spectrum of technical and conceptual aspects of contemporary art. I would highly recommend it to those interested in the art of our times and the interaction of artistic expression and its poitical,societal and psychological implications.
I wanted an introduction to contemporary art and was very happy with this six module course.  There were over 70 works of art across a variety of mediums in the course and I feel that I now have a much better appreciation for modern art than I did before.
I really loved and enjoyed this course, was my first online course and it was easy to take my time and do every exercise, read every topic week by week, I will recommend this online course to many persosns as I can, thank you Coursera, for this chance.
I`m so glad and so thankful that Coursera has so amazing coursers! I finished course 'What is contemporary art?" from MoMA for free and there were amazing 6 weeks with interesting materials, wonderful artists and changing of my artist mind! Thank you!
Fantastic online course covering a large and varied range of topics, themes, artists and works. A really fun way to gain knowledge in an area of art you may not be familiar with. I have left this course feeling inspired and full of contemporary art!
Many thanks to MoMA for expanding my knowledge of many different types of artists and art. A global reflection reaching levels beyond the simplicity of art itself.The delivery of the material is easy to follow, well segmented and engaging.Well done.
Very interesting course which gives you more detail and understanding of  contemporary art and the categories in which it can be focused in .I would recommend this course to those who would like to enrich their knowledge of contemporary art.
I audited this class during the coronavirus epidemic and it gave me a similar feel as touring a museum, with the added value of having the comments of the artists themselves. Thank you! I cannot wait to return to contemporary art museums!
A really interesting course that introduces to the world of contemporary art, starting from the works of some artists on viewed at MoMA, it illustrates their creative method and research to deal with the most current issues of our times.
I definitely recommend this course. It was a lot of fun and explored several different avenues of art. The content was great and it wasn't overwhelming. The user experience was seamless also and a great place to begin your journey.
A very relevant course which covers a wide-range of artists and their works. The course discusses why their work matters and how it is impacting the way we interpret shared experiences of culture, politics and the environment.
This course is brilliant. I have been introduced to such a broad array of artists and ideas in a short time, in a way I would not have been able to do through my own research. I now feel equipped to go and explore even more.
Excellent Course quality from MOMA and Corey D Augustine.   Looking forward for more In the Studio Series.  I absolutely will redo the course after quarantine when I can get materials for doing the excercises.  Thank you!.
A well-organized course that gives an excellent sense of the possibilities and range of Contemporary Art. I've learned a number of new artists and the themes surrounding art today. Worth every second I put into it.
I would absolutely recommend this course to others.  The videos, readings, and perhaps especially the extra resources were more than rich.  I will be revisiting some of the readings and extra videos in the future!
Loved this course and the exposure to the many incredible and ground-breaking pieces of art at MOMA.  the readings and in-depth studies of the artists added so much to my knowledge and understanding of this genre.
The course was insightful and very relevant to current times. The 5 topics reviewed and the artists for each one were very interested and presented a variety of points of view. I definitely recommend this course.
Thank you so much. Fantastic course. I love Contemporary art even more now. I have visited Moma and I really hope one day I can return to this wonderful museum and the amazing city of New York. Thank you.
Excellent, informative course, with much diversity. I laughed and smiled, felt awe and inspiration, cried and felt the pain and the beautiful defiance of pieces I might have never appreciated before.
Thought provoking material   Ideas one can apply to one's own practice  Great support and fantastic course materials All up... Superb and am recommending to friends!   Thank  you   Tim Baynes
I really loved it, it's very interesting and gives means to go beyond the limits and prejudices that we often have torwards contemporary art by addressing various topics. Highly recommended.
I really enjoyed it, especially having memory checks. This is something that I didn't have at art school and it would have been super useful. I also had a blast during the online party =)
A great course to take for those who, like me, are not that familiar with contemporary art and would like to expand their horizons, see some cool projects/art and hear from the artists.
I really enjoyed this class. I honesty  didn't know if i would enjoy it or not. I was skeptical, but wanted to give it a try. I really learned so much. Thank you so much.
Unless you are a regular at MoMA you will learn about a wide range of artists and media that reflect a wide variety of contexts relevant to the world that we all live in.
Greatly broadened my idea of what contemporary art is and introduced me to some very innovative andunique ways to present views of contemporary worldwide issues.
I am very grateful for the opportunity to participete in this course, I learned a lot and understood more clearly the concept of contemporary art,   Thanks a lot
Will help you broaden your perception  of what is and isn't contemporary art. It will also introduce you to mediums we don't often think of as a measure of art.
Before I took this course, I didn't really understand what contemporary art was. Although short and not at all comprehensive, this course is eye-opening.
Outstanding collection of artistic philanthropists, huge awakening of Visual Arts as a vehicle to profession and put light on global and social issues.
very insightful, inspiring and reflective. I would love to do another course like this with more practical work like create art and submit as well :)
Inspiring. Eye-opening. Challenging. This is a well structured course for anyone interested in learning more about contemporary art. Just do it.
It is an intersting aproachment to contemporary art, knowing artists' point of view it's very helpful for the interpretation of their works
I have learned a lot with this course; the instructor and videos were great. I have better understanding of contemporary art.  Thank you!
This was an inspiring, eye-opening course that has broadened my artistic perspectives and deeply inspired my own education and creation.
Very educational experience, enriching on a personal level and defyant. I think the course was well put together for  beginners like me.
Wonderful! A good course for anyone looking to delve into understanding the process and perspectives of modern artists with their work.
It was great! I learned a lot, knowledge that can be applied in both analyzing contemporary art pieces and also producing art myself.
This is an interesting and highly motivating coursework. I enjoyed it immensely. I will gladly recommend it to friends and family.
A great course, where the selection of artists is powerful. I learned so much and get inspired by reading and seeing others work.
An amazing course that explains very much everything we need to know to be able to understand a lot more about contemporary art.
Really interesting course, giving the artists feeling while creating their project in a smooth way for eveyone to comprehend.
Excellent course to take to understand the width, depth and the third dimension of Art. What was not Art is now Art to me!
Wonderful overview of contemporary art.  I find my perspective deeply enriched and look forward to my next visit to MoMa
I loved everything, especially the interviews with the artists! Thank you for your effort and time. Much appreciated.
I had a wonderful experience learning about the various shifts in art that have occurred over the last four decades
Kindly let me know how can I avail more courses and how can I get a certificate of the course I have just finished.
A fun and educational way to learn and think for yourself about contemporary art, the course is just the beginning
Great course! Thoroughly enjoyed the modules, especially the art examples and optional readings and links given.
Questioning ourselves on the meaning of contemporary art is our way of understanding the sociality of society.
Wonderful! I'd definitely recommend it to beginners and those who are already familiar with contemporary art.
Soooooooo good. Thank you, Moma! This has colored my days and fed my spirit in such a delicious way. Heroes!
Thanks to the Contemporary Art course, I have found myself and discovered what I want to do next in my life.
i enjoy it very much. now i'd like to reread my answers and know my final qualification. how can i do that?
I learned so much from this course. it motivated me to be more curious and to look at my own surroundings.
It is important to keep asking this question. We are in a pandemic, and we must keep asking this question.
I really like the course, for me it was really interesting to see the different perspective of the artists
Its been a journey quite to say  Contemporary and so very interesting to find the true image. Thank you .
I liked the videos and texts. Although the course is basic, it has interesting examples and great topics!
It's great to study with MOMA and Coursera. I love the course. I get to know more than before. Thank you
Practical while engaging. I'v got to get a glimpse of contemporary art from many different perspectives.
Loved it! In a harsh time of this Covid Pandemic, this was truly inspiring, a lift of hope through art.
Enjoyed it very much. Excellent content. Multiple resources. Clean navigation tools. Easy to complete
A course to learn and understand recent artistic creations in a simple, pleasant and exciting format.
Excellent material, accurate for everybody!! and very good to these tough times happen in the world.
Wonderful content in an easy to understand way. I enjoyed every section and would highly recommend.
Excellent option to enter the world of contemporary art and its characteristics. Highly recommended
Amazing course! I will definitely recommend it! Lots of resources and archive video/interviews.
A wonderful course. It is my third course in MoMA, and I really looking forward another one.
I genuinely loved it. So many topics were tackled and so very interesting. Very recommended!
The course which provides general view on contemporary art on the example of MoMA exhibits.
Amazing course, learnt so much and really opened my eyes to the world of Art. Thank you!
Excellent and really stimulated my thinking and artistic engagement. Thank you so much!
Another great MoMA experience! Thank you so much for the opportunity and enlightenment.
It is a clear but complete lecture on the most recents examples of contemporary art.
It was a great experience for me and also a great course that I have learned a lot.
Well structured and complete. A lot of suggestions about contemporary art's world.
I LOVED IT !!! I FINISHED THIS COURSE WITH A MINDFUL OF KNOWLEDGE AND INSPIRATION.
I broadened my perspective on what is contemporary art and the process behind it.
LOVED THE COURSE! It is beautiful eye opener and you get to learn a lot from it!
Highly recommended course! Very insightful and relatable to our everyday life.
Amazing course filled with lots of videos and readings that you will enjoy!
It is great! Widen perspective, well balanced. It was a pleasure doing it.
Great course like all the others I've taken through MoMA. I'm a big fan.
Easy to understand course to make contemporary art more understandable.
outstanding!! accessible yet in depth, varied, interesting, fantastic!
I really enjoyed the course. It was thought provoking and interesting.
It was a great pleasure to take part in this course! Im glad i did it!
Time well spend. Interesting selection of artists. Go for it - do it!
I really loved this course! Hope you to do a new one soon. Thank you.
All the artists presented throughout the course are truly inspiring!
A really fun and engaging way to discover what contemporary art is!
Great course for newbies on the topic !!! I totally enjoyed it !!!
I thoroughly enjoyed this course and cannot wait for the next one!
very very good course, with a lot of great artists and resources
Amazing to find an introdution to the comtemporary art universe.
Great course! Great introduction to artists working since 1980!
This is a very complete course. Loved it!! Thank you so much!!
Wonderful way to learn the fundamentals of contemporary art!
Very good course! I highly recommend it to understand Art!
It makes you change your perspective of contemporary art
A really great, well rounded view into Contemporary Art.
I am very satisfied with the course, thank you very much
A great option to begin learning about Contemporary Art
I loved it. I learned so much during theses past weeks.
I  loved this cours,  art is from everyone to everyone.
LOVED THIS COURSE! Looking what my next course will be!
Great course...  I would highly recommend taking it!!!
Amazing job! Amazing course! Amazing Contemporary Art!
Easily understandable and conveyed useful information.
it was an amazing journey through incredible artworks
It will take your heart away to the Contemporary Art!
An excellent course with great artist and explanation
So thought-provoking, so intertesting, so inspiring!
A very informative course that changes the mindset.
It is an excellent course. I highly recommend it!
Well worth the time!  I loved every minute of it.
A great course with varied and inspiring content.
Fantastic, this course open my eyes and my mind.
Bravo, and thank you. This course is excellent.
This course is such an eye-opening experience!
This course is a must. I deeply recommend it!
dope visceral in depth perspective changing
very interesting and easy to digest format.
Really wonderfully well-organized content
A really good primer on contemporary art!
Didactic, interactive and easy to digest.
A really informative course. I loved it!
Great introduction to Contemporary Art.
Great and super interactive. I Love it
A course that offers so much to learn.
Amazing course! I strong recommend it.
Thank you for amazing and large work!
So mucho information and resources!
Thanks for this wonderful content!
The best, interesting, inspiring
Beautiful and informative art.
great course worth the time !
Engaging and exciting course.
Great Course very resourceful
Enlightening and inspiring.
It is great and inspiring.
Great experience in MoMA！
Loved this course!!!!!!!
I already answered this.
Love it, thank you.
Overwhelmed !
LOVED IT!!!
