Try to make the MOOC little more interesting.
The content of the course so far is interesting - and to be fair, I've only completed the first week of this course. Unfortunately, the combination of multiple lecturers within one part of a lesson (often with highly varying accents, reading verbatim from lecture notes) makes the presentation of the course material come off as very stiff, over-directed, and hard to understand. It's hard to adapt to the idiosyncrasies and lecturing style of a new person in a four minute video, at which point you get a whole new lecturer and have to start the process over again.A maximum of two or three lecturers for the entirety of the course (perhaps with the occasional guest speaker) would be helpful. Also, either allowing the them to deliver the course material in their native languages with English subtitles, or perhaps having them record the course material in English in something similar to a classroom environment where they're accustomed to lecturing, would make things infinitely easier to follow.This 'too many cooks in the kitchen' issue is what I also suspect happened with the week one quiz. I do not know who generates the quiz questions but they seemed to require a lot of mental gymnastics for a multiple choice quiz. Perhaps on my end there could be a cultural misunderstanding in how a quiz checks your knowledge of the source material? Let me put it this way: in my previous university studies, I have never taken a multiple choice quiz where the question starts as 'In your opinion...'Sadly, I will probably drop this class - but the course has sparked enough of an interest where I will probably be picking up some books or doing some informal research on my own about this topic.
The questions asked were not conceptual but rather focused on stray facts. Some of the lectures were very good. However, some of the discussions were not nuanced enough. Even as an introductory course, a concerted effort to introduce some of the debates and controversies should have been taken, which was absent in many of the lectures.
Although very interesting and very innovative in its presentation I had the feeling this course was an introduction to the Master program at the UNIGE, rather than a stand alone course. At times it was difficult to comprehend the speakers. I would have preferred deepening of one aspect of this topic rather than such a broad approach.
It is an ok course, it provides a good foundation although many lessons are partly outdated and many phrases are inaudible and not available in the written transcripts. If the speaker uses a foreign word the transcript does not pick it up etc. Needs to be updated and improved
It is more basic than I thought it would be, and the questions on the quiz are extremely specific (like years and names of people) which in my opinion, doesn't help capture the essence of what you are learning.
Very biased course.
Useful for those who want to learn about child rights for the first time. Will not recommend to professionals.
As mentioned in the course's title, it is an introductory course on children's human rights.  As such, it can be a very useful resource for a beginner.  Whilst I am not a complete beginner, I did learn about the issue and familiarised myself more with children's rights.  After completing the course, I am interested in learning more and digging more into some of the issues that were discussed - in that, the course has definitely delivered.However, the course would gain from some improvements: First, as a non-native English speaker, I understand the difficulty of teaching a course in English - however, almost all lecturers were reading their notes and had a strong accent.  This killed the dynamic of each lecture.  In addition, the transcripts of all videos, including those of interventions made by native English speakers, were full of mistakes (for example, "treaty body" was transcribed as "tricky body", "NGO" as "Ango", and so on).  In my view, it would have been more accurate and dynamic if the lectures had been taught in each speaker's native language, with subtitles in English.  Second, the forum, which could be an incredible platform allowing students from all over the world and lecturers to share their experiences and exchange ideas, is left practically unused.  Students asked legitimate and interesting questions, both on the substance and logistics (such a technical problems with weekly quiz), most of which were left unanswered by lecturers.  In my view, an effort should be made to ensure that the forum is active and that questions are answered.Third and last, some of the resources supposedly available to students were not, either because access was restricted  to paid subscription only or because links do not work.  It would be great if all links are checked and all resources are shared.  In addition, suggestions for further reading and/or courses would be useful once the course is completed.All in all, I have paid for the certificate (prior to starting the course).  However, whilst I am happy to have one now, I do not think that the level of the course is worth paying for it without correcting the issues I mentioned above.
This course have provided information that I will for certain use in my career. I am a little worried that the content has not been updated for a few years and all videos might not give relevant information anymore. I would also like the instructors to add material on how children are affected by the pandemic (COVID-19). The videos could have been done in a better way, for example by having the instructors actually look into the camera instead of focusing on their script/notes and have more illustrations (or at least something else to look at besides their faces). Overall I'm glad I took this course but as I have already mentioned, it needs some updates and improvements.
Overall the course is very informative. However it has a few strong weakness that impact the learning process, which I would like to point out. First of all, due to some heavy accents of the lecturers it is not always understandable what is being said, while the transcripts and subtitles are not proof read, their text contain errors and unrelated words. Secondly some tests contained confusing questions, which were not directly covered by the learning materials. Thirdly, the lack of interactive learning makes the process of learning a bit dull. I am sure there are many interesting video and interactive materials on the covered topics.
I think the course was focused to much on aspects relating to the history of the Convention of the Rights of the Children and less on the actual subject. The transcripts had some errors, although these would have been very useful as the teachers are not native English speakers. It did not motivate me to pay for the Certificate.However, the presentations with the actual subject (human children rights) had been interesting and I learned new things during this course. Other courses relating to  aspects concerning children (custody, international kidnapping, single parent family, etc) would be very useful and interesting.
I was slightly disappointed by the course: too much information was given and not always in a clear way. In particular, sometimes the sessions were jumping from one discipline to another with not much explanation and this was confusing. Also, the information provided was in huge amounts but not in details. I expected to get more detailed information on children's rights while sometimes the presentations were only very general overviews.
I strongly recommend this for people who are passionately working among children across the globe. This is the need of the hour! The course itself is helpful because it gives you an understanding of the issues with Children's rights. However, I put only three stars due to some technical issues I faced during the course and also because some of the links for reading materials are not updated and I could not open them.
The transcripts are automated and aren't proof read, therefore don't make sense at times which makes it difficult for those struggling with the accents of the lecturers - which can be very hard to understand. They also talk very very fast at times which is again hard to understand when they're accents are strong and their English imperfect.
Informative about the UNCRC and it's history. Does mention various issues children face (mostly in the global south, with the exception of juvenile justice) and gives a very basic overview. Lacks critical engagement with the UNCRC, as it does not mention the possible issues with the list of rights and the universalism that they entail.
Good basic coverage on children's fundamental rights. The course could have benefitted from assignments being more consistently accurate to lessons as there are some gaps. The last module I found the most interesting as it covers challenges to child rights in real time cultural/social dilemmas.
Its a good course for the beginners. But for Practitioners some tools to ensure child participation may be discussed,. The topic on child and forced marriage should be covered.
Interesting content but could be made more interactive and varied with more optional readings. Some of the questions on the quiz were not well formulated either.
Lack of reading material. Quizzes were too easy to pass. It would make me do more effort if anytime I failed the quiz, there were new questions.
The translation for some of the modules were really hard to understand. Also some of the quizzes, were extremely hard
the courses is very intresting ,it give lot's of information about child rights and human rights
Great Course. I would recommend it to anyone doing development studies.
The audio was very bad at points
Great introduction, really good teachers
After finishing week one I am inclined to say that the course is compared to other courses labour intensive. The content is consistent, well structured and up to the point. However, the level of English of nearly all speakers is more than poor. Most of the lectures are read of the paper. The subtitles do not help to mitigate misunderstandings resulting from the poor language. Instead, it magnifies the problem (e.g. naming the "PISA-test" as "pizza"). Also the power-point slides hold many mistakes, e.g. in the formatting. Even the quiz questions are not free of mistakes and are misleading or grammatically incorrect or even hold incomplete sentences. Very annoying. Overall, the finalizing of the course was not done with due diligence.
It was an excellent course, very enlightening and has helped me increase my knowledge on the subject of child rights. I found some answers to questions a little confusing e.g. child witch craft allegation is a harmful traditional practice, yet the question implies this is not the case. There were other questions that were a little confusing. I also noticed that some words were not legible - perhaps because of the instructor's accent and the fact that the interpreter did not understand. All the same, this course is great and I would recommend it to anyone who is interested in furthering their knowledge on children's human rights.
Thank you for a highly challenging, interesting and varied course. I have learned a lot which will be helpful for my work, but also personal interest in this area. I did have difficulty sometimes understanding what was said in the lectures (technical issues) and also I thought some of the quiz questions were not correct. They seemed to contradict what was said in the lectures. Otherwise, it was an excellent course and one I would recommend.
It's a very useful and informative course. It deals with many known and unknown issues faced by children around the world. It was useful that the course presents different perspectives of the same subject and also different scientists took part on the lectures (such as anthropologists, lawyers, political scientists etc) . I recommend this course to everyone who has a particular interest in these issues.
This is a beginners' course to children's rights which explains many aspects of children's rights. Right from understanding the laws which are in place to protect the rights of kids to the problems faced by them - medically, economically, socially, with the judiciary - are explained rather well in the course. I got a clear base on which I can further my study of child rights.
The programme was well constructed and the course co ordinator and presenters have worked very hard to come up with such logical presentations. The effort has made the course worth pursuing . But there was some problem with the volume of video and sometimes it went almost blank. Also there is a slight problem in transcript. Best of luck to the Team.
I really liked the course content, it was very engaging and reflective. However, I found the assignments somewhat dull, just discussing a few concepts on the topics. It would be good to have additional questions from the materials for further reading that are provided alongside the videos to encourage students to read widely on the various topics.
An excellent variety of experts sharing their research, ideas, and opinions connected to a variety of interesting issues concerning children's rights. The quizzes could be a bit more comprehensive though, and the transcripts of the videos feature a number of mistakes. Overall, however, it was a great course, and I'm very glad I did it.
Great introduction. Was very interesting and to the point. As a beginner I appreciated the varying levels of depth to the course allowing all to benefit. For 5 stars I would have preferred better quality videos as some had lots of background noise etc. making it difficult to concentrate and listen but other that that, great.
Overall this course has provided students with lots of information, the only thing might be that the content is a bit plain and there is lots of content for students to memorize. Since the concepts are a bit far from our life, it might be hard for students to memorize what they have learned through the course.
A very insightful and thought provoking course. I really enjoyed  learning the global perspective of children's rights. It an ideal course for people who wish to upgrade their skills and knowledge in children's rights, especially with a transnational focus. The questions can however, be made more challenging.
Very good lots of interesting learning that I didn't expect, such as the dangers of drug treatments and children. I learnt of some networks to report suspected child trafficking cases to. While the lectures were all 5 star, if anything the pedagogy/ diacritics could be a little more innovative. Great course!
It was sometimes difficult to understand the speakers (as an American English speaker) but the transcription helps, although it is often incorrect which is problematic for accessibility. If you can get past the history lessons in the beginning that are more dry, the rest is much more focused and interesting.
Overall excellent in content, focus, and delivery. Video transcriptions were helpful in double checking when I had trouble with the lecturers' accents or needed to see how a particular name or acronym was spelled, but sometimes the transcriptions themselves also had inaccuracies which was a little annoying.
Overall, great work. The course creators did superb job. My only recommendation is that the questions should be more challenging. Even thought its an introduction course, course participants should be  challenged. We should have individual and group work components attended to the course.Deeqo Godax
There are some problems with videos, some videos wasn't applied. And sometimes it was hand to anderstand some word because in the text these words were omitted. But I really like this Cours because all the information was important and I got the knowledge that I needed.I really enjoyed the course!
Good course. Simple to follow and wide in its ambit. A good introduction to Child Rights. As a law student, I was happy to learn as an introduction, perspectives from sociology and social work/research. Some of the later modules on global health and research could be made more substantive.
The content is great, the syllabus is well constructed and expansive, but the delivery is a little lackluster and dull. There are many better ways to deliver online course content then to just have individuals sit in front of a camera and read a paper as if at a conference panel.
An informative overview of the UN Convention of the Rights of the child. The lectures and quizzes do not exactly match up, and focus on seemingly arbitrary concepts sometimes. However, it was a great overview and left me wanting to do a lot more research on my own!
Very well structured. Excellent speakers and reference materials. The length of the lectures is just right. the sessions on traditional harmful practices should have explained a bit in detail about various kinds of harmful practices like sacrilege or coin rubbing.
Informative and easy to digest content that leave students with a better grasp of the challenges that children's rights advocates run into in the past and today. Course content is modern enough to discuss sexting and whether it infringes on the rights of a child.
Basically OK and informative. Some of the English was however difficult to listen to and understand, and the subtitles did not help much also. Aside this, the main Ideas were passed on, and the course gives a good basic introduction to Child Rights issues.
This course was really enriching. It cleared my doubts regarding international law scenario and gave me a better understanding of  concepts. some of the things were difficult and quiet confusing but overall it is really good. i enjoyed the learning.
I'm really glad to finish course. To improve, in other courses, i would like to have videos without the professors reading the texts. I know that language is an obstacle but it's really rest credibility to the speakers. Thanks!
I think this course can be very useful for all student with different interests and professions because of its interdisciplinary perspective. also it can give law students a vast and trans legal view about children's issues .
Very interesting course overall, touches many subjects.If I have to put a drawback it would be that some videos were too easy/basic and could explain the subject faster, while others were full of conventions/information
The course itself is helpful because it gives you an understanding of the issues with Children's rights. However, i put only four stars due to some technical issues I faced during the course.
I was very interested on this course and I really enjoyed and learned a lot from it. However, I do not put 5 stars because, a lot of readings are not free access, that is a shame.
Videos and content are very engaging. I like it that a lot of different experts from the field were involved in the development of this course. Very informative and useful.
The course was really fascinating and useful! Thank you very much for preparing such a material! Personally, I wish there was more information concerning juvenile justice.
Very informative overview introduction to the field of Children's Human Rights.  I enjoyed hearing from many leaders in the field explaining the various issues.
i would like to thank all the persons who were involved in the implementation of this course, it was very helpful for my work in the child protection field.
Great course. Reasonable pace (and price), and I learned a bit more even if I already have several years of experience in human rights issues.
It's a good course which provides overview and different matters related to children's rights. I have overall views from different approaches.
Modules were quite informative but some quizzes has included very detailed questions which seems contributing nothing to learning process.
Some of the transcripts had errors - surprising given you'd have expected the entire content to have been manually curated/checked.
Very good course.My only advise is to have overvoice in English for the professors who were terrible in English.Thank you.
thank you, i have learned how to help a child facing this phenomenon and hold that their rights are not be violeted.
I recommend this course due to the variety and wide range of topics it covers regarding children's rights
This course is really very knowledge providing and awareness creating in the field of children's rights.
The contents are great.   Presenters who just read (which were not all of them!) tend to be very boring.
My score is 98% but i didnt get certificate with honors(( But i really liked this course. Its great))
The course contents were really good, but the English level of most of the lecturer was unacceptable.
This session is quite interesting and informative as well please do your best in educating everyone
The course was very useful and it really covered diverse issues related to the rights of the child!
Very good course, I recommend it to people who wants to gain knowledge on child protection issues.
Very good professors, diversity of subjects, all that you need to know about children rights.
Excellent online study and eloquent lecturers. Makes online study sweet and comprehensive
Amazing course that put me in touch with some subjects that I've never thought about.
the subtitles need to be worked at, otherwise the course is very informative
The transcript for some of the videos is not accurate, need revising.
Great information on an important, complex topic!
Very interesting and enlightening!
i like coursea
I strongly recommend this for people who are passionately working among children across the globe.  This is the need of the hour! Let's educate ourselves and serve the best for our children. Cheers!
I found this to be extremely informative along with being interesting. Children are our future and must be cared for at all costs while maintaining their rights. Thank you for this course.
Truly interdisciplinary course with rich content, and reasonable depth, based upon team work of faculty. I am even recommend my 15 year child to study it and know about her responsibilities and rights
A wonderfully designed course. Extremely engaging and interesting. All the speakers seem truly passionate about their subject areas and that comes across when they speak in their lectures and that makes the lesson all the more fun as a viewer.
Hi, As a lawyer, a fammily mediator, and as a teacher/trainer in Children's Rights, I am so glad to have found this "Children's Human Rights - An Interdisciplinary Introduction" course by the University of Geneva, which provide me a fundamental continuous uptade in the field of children's rights. It was a privilege for me to have the opportunity to attend each and every Module, by the most prestigious Professors, researchers, experts and consultants in Children's Rights. Let me refer what a pleasent surprise it was to find the Portuguese, Dra. Marta Santos Pais (whose brilliant work I've followed since I first start working in the field of children's rights), as one of the Experts. Through the years I've attended a few courses in Portugal in this area, but this one was the qualitative leap I was searching for.I would like to congratulate Prof. Philip D. Jaffé, Dr.h.c. Jean Zermatten and Dr. Roberta Ruggiero for the  excellent, brilliant course and to thank for the considerable opportunity of learning that as been presented to me. Yours sincerely, Maria Manuel Figueiredo
Great course. I give it 5 stars. I can say with certainty that my knowledge regarding children's rights has been enhanced and I can't wait to put into practice what I have learnt.
I am Liban from Somalia,
law student. I would like to thank coursera.org and University of Geneva
for allowing us to take this course while we are in our homes. I learned more
about children's Human rights - An Interdisciplinary introduction. I can't concise by writing the
knowledge I get this course. Thank you very much.
I had graduated form the seven weeks of the Children 's Human Rights's course. It was such an amazing journey to surf with the best professor modules who are from Geneva University, Oxford University, and some of them are from the Council  of Europe. I learned that there are many and lots of International organization that take care of children globally. Also they pay attention to the problem of obesity of the children which means the International Organization is covering the children's rights in details.They treat the child as an object who should have his/ her fully human rights as well as protecting children from their parents, in cause the parents maltreated their child.  I am proud to have all these information about how children are protected globally. Thank you so much.
As a practising child protection professional in the UK, I found this course extremely useful in giving me an understanding of the international context of the laws and professional practise regulations in which I work. It helpfully widens the perspective, giving a depth and breadth which adds to the confidence in the relevance of the  structures of protection.Being able to pick it up when I wanted too is a brilliant learning tool.
This is to appreciate the course developers, It really boost my knowledge in all aspect of disciplines this course is more than children's human rights and it has broaden my knowledge on working with children and respect the right of children to I can vividly say and champion of children's human rights.Thank you
I has been an excellent course. Very well-structured and planned. I like the length and breadth of the knowledge that this course covered and was able to successfully deliver in such limited span. This course will go a long way in developing a more nuanced and informed outlook towards children's human rights.
Very easy to follow due to its short videos. I really enjoyed this course because made me want to learn more about children's rights and at the same time I've learned and remembered many notions and rights. I appreciate the speakers too, people who have a lot to give and to share from their knowledge.
A very useful course full of informative resources. I would love to take more courses from Coursera similar to this one.
I thoroughly enjoyed taking this course. The deadlines were flexible and the information was easy to digest.
Thanks a lot to the faculty
This is truly an important course for everyone to learn because there is much information about how parents, the law system and everyone should respect the rights of children anytime and anywhere. My recommendation here is, I think 55% of African parents living in remote villages do not know about all this stuff and I think they should have a way to understand it as well especially for those who cannot read either write. If we all want to see children, everywhere to be safe, I think there should be a provision of these documents for children and their parents who cannot read because they are part of this problem solving regardless of who they are. If these rights of children have been documented and they are not taking to where they should be taken, the situation will somehow be static. Here in Sierra Leone, rape is now blazing like a wildfire in the harmattan session, 35-45-60-70 years old men often raped  2-3-4-5 years old babies, not that the sexual offence amendment act is not alive, it is there but 85% of people living in the villages are not familiar with these laws and if they are not familiar with the laws, our children will never be safe, regardless of cultural practices, where the laws are made available to people who cannot read, it will help to mitigate the evil practices.  I will recommend the International Nation to recommend all its parties to make their country's laws move around the villages, schools, churches, mosques, and other places. However, I am happy to be here and what i have learned, i promise to make it available to the local people.  Thank you for putting up this course for us.
Thank you for this valuable course that helped me:
 To improve the understanding of child protection
 To increase the capacity to prevent abuse
 To strengthen skills to recognize diverse child protection issues
 To gain skills in upholding child rights
 To increase awareness on how to create a protective environment
 To strengthen the ability to identify child protection issues without stigmatizing or targeting the
child
 To understand and use the term vulnerability appropriately
 To utilize a holistic framework when responding to child protection: responsive action, remedial
action, protective environment action
Having already a solid background in human rights and experience in the field of child protection, I was a bit scared by the "introduction" word mentioned in the title, being afraid the course would be too basic. Instead it was extremely interesting to follow this course for the multiple inputs and explanations it was providing. Topics are presented from different perspectives and by experts in different field, I believe this gave me the possibility to learn a lot and complement my previous knowledge with relevant information coming from other disciplines. Historical videos are those I have appreciated the most!
First of all I am thanking very much University of Geneva, Switzerland has given opportunity to study about Children's Human rights -  An Interdisciplinary under Coursera organization. I am a Auditor of the United Nation Association of Singapore and active in Human right as well as Humanitarian. This course is very helpful to improve my knowledge as well as Laws. Further more I would like to thank all Professors and Lecturers explained very clearly, wider and deeper to understand all modules in this course. Best Regards from SingaporeEthige Bernard Silva.
The content of this course is truly exceptional! I loved the diversity of topics presented and the instructors really made me want to go into further detail as I do research on my own! I believe that I would only like to point out that there were some discrepancies in the transcripts of the videos which, if corrected, would make this course just perfect. I would really like to thank all the experts and instructors for their invaluable time and support creating and sharing this MOOC with the community!
This has been an excellent course and indeed a real interdisciplinary in content. I am a law student and this course has helped me to broaden my outlook on child rights not only from legal but from different perspectives and it's really helped me to have a deeper and wider understanding of child rights. I really want to thank you for not only giving me this wonderful opportunity to learn but for waiving my fees. This learning will definitely be of great value as I pursue my career in child rights.
This course included a wide array of information regarding children's human rights across the globe. The lecturers provided a clear map of the past developments in this field and a view of what activism is required in the future. I appreciated the information from various countries and visiting professors. The lectures were organized in a concise and informative manner. Thank you to the University of Geneva for gathering individuals from various disciplines to make this course complete.
Fantastic course with a huge amount to learn and some great resources. Persevere with it, it gets better as it goes on.My only criticism would be that the end of module tests are extremely badly designed! Most of the questions are in bad English, the questions and answers extremely ambiguous, and often don't cover some of the key concepts of the modules.It would be great to have some compulsory group work too - I found the Forums quite inactive.
Fantastic course, you can learn a lot. There are given interesting information and it motivates you to read and learn more about children human rights. Although, there are some issues with quizzes, sometimes there is no good answer or right answer is changed when you retake the quiz. But generally, I rate this course very high. I think it is useful for anyone, who works for children rights.
Teniendo muy pocos conocimientos del área, el curso es bueno. Es general y entrega una perspectiva apropiada de la materia. Lo disfruté mucho y aprendí bastante.I don't know much about the subject, but the course is very good. It's general, and gives you a nice perspective about the children's rights as an interdisciplinary topic. I really enjoy it and learned a lot =)
A really interdisciplinary and interesting course! It is very complete but yet simple for those who do not have a legal background on children's rights. I truly recommend this course to everyone, in general, but specially for those professionals working with children. Thank you for your teamwork and effort to provide us very interesting and accurate materials to study.
The course was excellent and presented very good.However, I would like to learn more about adoption.  Parents die due to illnesses like HIV, during the migration process or do not want the child and then the child becomes adoptable, either by strangers or by a village or community.  What rights does the child have when it comesmtomfamily reunification?
I enjoyed the taking this course . I improved my knowledge in many areas like international law, children psychology, children health..etc. As a law student, I will surely recomend this course to my friends because topic of the course is really important and every people should have knowledge about it to make safe zone for children.
This is really a significant course in gaining a deep understanding  of the inception , implementation and challenges faced in application of child rights across its member state also an invigorating outlook of Health Human Rights of human beings which at times we are under ignorance or are misled due to lack of its knowledge
It was a thorough and perfect course for me and I think it would be useful for everyone who cares about children and the future of world. This course encourages me  to get to know more about children's human rights. Also, the course acquaints me to new matters regarding to the children's rights.Thank you all.
This  course was  very informative proving historical framework  of the C.R.C , to relevant issues affecting children today . I would recommend it to  all persons who currently works with children , parents or persons who simply  wish to improve their knowledge base  for personal development.
It is a great course that gave me a wider and better understanding of my own field - early childhood development policy. I came to understand some of the reasons why child development programs can be ineffective. I recommend the course to everyone who is concerned with children in any way.
The Course was (is) mind opening. I always seen human rights in the eyes of an adult including the popular political, economical and socio-cultural rights. Now I have a deeper understanding of the righst to children and how they are affected by various institutions.
It was a very interesting and engaging course thorough which I had learnt how to analyze and think about a variety of issues about Children's Rights. I had learnt various aspects and dimensions about the notion of Children's Rights. I enjoyed learning this course.
I really enjoyed this course and I had my eye opened . The faculties are all experts in their respective field  which I like the most . Any one who are interested in children's Right must take this course. Thanks team from University of Geneva. Thanks Coursera .
This is very good course that strengthens the understanding of the children's rights. Providing a needly structured material.   Two areas helped me a lot understand the children's Rights on the participatory research area and Ethics in engaging children.
I found this course extremely useful in giving me an understanding of the international context of the laws and It help to  widens the perspective, giving a depth and breadth which adds to the confidence in the relevance of the structures of protection.
I have learned a lot in this enjoyable course because it contains a lot of very important information about children's rights and how they originated and developed until today and I advise every person interested in human rights to study this course.
This has been one of the most enriching courses for me. 7 hard weeks in which i learn everything i was expecting and even subjects that i had not contemplated. 

thank you for putting in the course to people so prepared in the subjects that were seen
I have learned a lot through this Course. The way the Professors were teaching make a visionary Pictures of Children in my eyes and about female. thank you so much and I am very happy that I have completed and learned about the Rights of Children.
For an introduction course, I have learned valuable information regarding children's human rights from the professionals. It also raises my anticipation to participate in becoming an advocate for children's rights. I highly recommend this course.
It was a very insightful course. Generally child rights are not recognized in many countries, however every step is being gradually taken to hear the voice of children and address them. Thank You University of Geneva for this course.
I LOVED THIS COURSE!!! From the way it was presented, to the content and material of each module. I have leaned more than what I initially anticipated as a result of which, I have gained a renewed sense of Empowerment and Confidence.
Thankyou for the knowledge, it's really important to comprehend about children's rights because they are our future hope for better world. Giving them the best may leads them to develop them selves to be the best generations.
It was really helpful to enrich my knowledge. Now i can share these information to all who are very close to me. Even i can help the children with these valuable information. I want to do more online courses like this.
It is a great course, with excellent specialists who gave a different approach to the discussion, several points of view were delivered by the channels, it was based on scientific studies, surveys, it was a great job.
For  me,  all  our professors  had  imparted  to  us  a  Significant  Human  Experience  they  had  taught  from  Week  1  to   Week 7.    I  have  learned   to  value  and  protect   CHILDREN'S  HUMAN   RIGHTS.
Though it is difficult to understand the instructors, the course is very informative. I have learned things i wish i knew a long time ago and i'm thankful for the instructors and glad i took the course.
This course is very Educational and enlightening I had gain so many knowledge about children human rights that I wasn't aware of, I am grateful for this opportunity. this course is well delivered.
Found this course to be extremely holistic in nature. Loved the fact that this course was interdisciplinary in nature, all the concepts were broken down into simpler terms for easy understanding.
It help me to know about children's rights. Especially after doing this course I have learn how the children's participation and their view is important in making any law or schemes for them.
It's a big opportunity to learn about children's rights. This course helps me to learn about theories and methodologies related to children´s studies. I hope lets continued to learn about it.
It was an amazing and fully knowledgeable course. Thank you Coursera for giving me such an amazing and great knowledge about this Children's Human Rights- An Intendisciplinary Introduction.
the course is very good for those who have the will and strength to defend children. gives many basic and profound teachings regarding protection measures research and inclusion of children
A Big Thank you to all the instructors of this course. it was an extremely enlightening and knowledgeable course and shall definitely help in my further studies. The course was amazing.
Its an excellent course, I've learned a lot with it, and the teachers were incredible and also have a lot of invaluable knowledge to share. I feel grateful with them. Keep on Teachers!
Very informative and broad overview of several of the issues globally impacting children. Thank you for the insight, and I look forward to further researching this important field.
A very interesting course, I learned a lot. Very helpful information. The quiz are quite difficult, you have to pay attention on every detail. Well done! Many thanks to everyone!
Thanks so much for this wonderful course - it was very interesting, I appreciated the great variety and professionalism of instructors, and the breadth of content presented :)
A very well developed course with rich content. Could gather humongous amounts of inputs about the issue of child rights. Will be able to apply these in my future endeavors.
One of the crucial courses for child rights. I have benefited a lot from the course as it gave me the philosophical background of policies and Act develop to serve children.
It was amazing to learn from the specialized from this particular discipline. Hope this will help me to utilize my gathered knowledge in the paramount welfare of the child.
Wonderful lectures, reading materials and videos. Challenging questions, very well thought out. I enjoyed this course and will look into other courses from this University.
This course is very interesting and very knowledgable provided by  expert facilitators. I really enjoyed the course . Especially those who like to work in this sector.
It was great pleasure to listen the lectures of great personalities. Really it's perfectly course what I ever have seen. Thank you! . I recommend that for all.
I thought it was enjoyable but the quality of some videos was not that great.  But the topic and well researched topics were wonderful and made up for it
Here I enjoyed the course. The assignment part was awesome. I like it.And I can get more information about children Human rights. Excellent. Thank you.
I like the depth of the course: wide coverage of topics and the experts on board. Thank you for creating a course such as this.Dr Iyabode Ogunniran
it was the perfect course for me to upskill during the lock down since am also hoping to major in children human rights and also work with children
This is a great course on Child Rights as different aspects of the topics have been covered within a short time making the course very interesting.
This course is very comprehensive and inspiring. Many professionals involved in it, so you can understand its interdisciplinary character in full.
The first time doing an online course. This was interesting and the best course I have ever done. Thank you so much for giving me this chance.
Covering very prevalent topics on the field of child protection. Not time consuming at all. Very well structured with many practical examples.
This gives so much information on international laws, just at the Beginners level. I am so avid to learn more about Children's Human Rights!
I learned very useful information on this course as a teacher. Everyone who working with children must know about children human rights.
Very informative.......i enjoyed getting insights on some important issues concerning children.....am excited about the accomplishment.
I find it very helpful to understand the children psychology. and many other things that will help you to get the children's feelings.
This course was very interesting. I recommand it to all of you. Everybody should to know that Children have rights like adults people.
The course was very thoroughly explained and very educative.  I enjoyed every lecture. I gained enough knowledge for my next career.
It's really an amazing course. I am really thankful to the team for providing us with this incredibly fantastic learning experience.
THE COURSE WAS VERY USEFUL, i learned a lot from it and i discovered many facts about violations  and discrimination against women.
Excellent course, I loved every section, clearly explained. I actually consulted other sources just to learn more about each topic.
Enjoyed the course. I wished I knew about it last year when I was studying for the subjects for my Master in Criminal Justice.
Very useful basic background for people interested in Children's Rights opening the way to deepen the knowledge in this area
Course is well organized. Anyone with zero knowledge on Children Rights can best out of here. In a nut shell, its worth it.
It is an extremely informative and well made course. I thank Coursera and University of Geneva for such a wonderful course.
Wow! I love this course. It was broken down for easy understanding and encompasses almost every aspect of children's rights
I really liked the course, it was very informative and it really opens your eyes about the treatment of children worldwide.
Excellent course in giving an overview of children's human rights, on main perspectives of Law, Anthropology and Sociology
i would like to thank coursera for the opportunity to take this course with finantial aid, it was a great chance to learn.
The course is really informative and provides the necessary information including the history and the current situation  .
It was a pleasure to pass this course. I learned a lot of very usefull information for my new job. thank you very much
Very interesting and motivating course. Now it´s time to read everything again and make my reflections on the subject.
Well-organized and covered key elements of Children's Human rights. Thank you for the short but comprehensive course.
This course was very good, I learnt a lot during the 7 weeks period. I would recommend friends to take this course.
I'm a first year law student and I find this course extremely informative, easy to understand and overall useful.
This is a genuine course which provide a deep understanding about Child Rights  at an international perception.
One of the best decisions I took this year! It has helped to advance my knowledge and career in Child Advocacy.
Great overview of the rights of the child around the world. It was great having an interdisciplinary approach!!
I found the course very interesting and learnt a lot of things. I really had an amazing learning experience.
To know childrens right is compulsory for us & this course gives the opportunity to learn about child right.
A great course to undertake to broaden your knowledge and views if you are interested in children's rights.
This course had amazing topics for who like children's rights or who want to know more about this area.
It was an awesome experience to gain knowledge through this online platform of Coursera! Thanks a lot!
i recommend the same to law professors and students. wonderful instructors and nice material. Thanks
A wonderful course indeed. I had a lot to learn. Thank you so much. You are doing such a nice job.
It was a very comprehensive course, enabling me to acquire an overall view of children's rights!
The course was very helpful to improve my knowledge on child rights. Thanks University of Geneva
Very informative and great professors teach with detail and visual aids that are very helpful.
This class was very difficult due to language difficulty but it was a great informative class.
An extremely valuable course led by great teachers. I strongly recommend it to everyone.
Very useful, rare chance to hear from people directly involved in drafting the Conve
Hard-hitting reporting Thanks a   lot. I've got too much to think about right now.
very good videos, appreciate the whole team to give me a chance to participate it.
I really enjoyed this course , learnt lots that I will add to my book of knowledge
Very nice course with a lot of latest content  and data, veru easy to understand
Very informative and very essential to both men & women, young & old. Thank you!
A simple course with lot of information in relation to children's human rights!
Very educational and definitely gave me a solid platform to go on from. Thanks!
A must for everyone interested in Children's Right and Child ProtectionEpiphane
Very informative. I like the additional resources offered for further learning.
Really Enjoyed it. It gave a great overview of an important topic for society.
it was very helpful it enable me to understand more about the children right
Please advise when i will get my certificate.  It still says pending review.
I learned alot from this course , what a perfect combinations of teachers
This course has helped me  a lot to learn about Children Rights and UNCHR
This was a very informative course especially for child rights advocates
Very interesting course. I learnt enough to aid me in further studies.
i would like to thank all people who work in this wonderful course  .
It was well structured and interested due to short form of lectures.
gave me new insights , will definitely help me in my studies ahead .
I learnt a lot and got some researchable ideas on children's right.
One of the best courses I have ever taken! I highly recommend it.
Thank you very much for the information That is relly a butifull
The course is very informative and the instructors are amazing
I learned so much from this course about children human rights
This is most comprehensive course on  Children' Human Rights.
Excellent course, got lot of information about child rights
Great course. Clear and very complete. Highly recommended.
very much helpful course for the scholars of human rights
Thanks you very much for this expérience !Herbaut Julien
This is a very well structured multidisciplinary course
The materials are good and the lecturers were so great.
It has enriched my domain knowledge. Excellent course
Excellent course, very comprehensive and
interesting.
An exceptional experience. Learned a lot! Thank you.
Excellent course. Well structured and easy to follow
Very interesting and comprehensive course! Thank you
very informative! the tests are not easy to finish.
Excellent Basic Course to understand Child's Right
this is a very interesting and educational course.
Excellent. I'm very happy about the new knowledge
Great instructors. I learnt a lot.  Many thanks.
it was quite enriching and informative. thanks
I very much enjoyed this course.  Thank you!
very awesome course and easy to go through
This couse was very interesting. Thanks!
Very informative and insightful course.
It was very interesting to learn this.
Very Much enjoyed doing this course.
greatly structured and interesting
The course is academically useful.
best course to learn child rights.
The best course i've made online!
ıts so usefull for me thanks you!
This course is very informative.
Very interesting and well done!!
Very useful and dynamic course!
It is great resourceful course!
It a very useful course for me
Excellent variety of speakers.
It was by no means a difficult
An interesting introduction :)
Thanks.   Interesting Course.
great and insightful course!
thanks for the gerat course
Superb and informative xxx
very informative and good
Very Interesting Course.
It is very use for me
Very nice and useful
worth completing
very helpful !
GOOD TEACHERS
Thanks all
