I received my certificate but it says it’s been signed by Prof. John Doe and the signature  says ‘ Signature’.With all respect, this is not a certificate that can be treated as genuine.I will be laughed at by anyone who sees this certificate.
I found the course to have a quite unbalanced focus jumping from very general information (history of the UN) to very hands-on issues (creation of marketing plan).
This gave me a good structure in thinking about managing international organisations but I rate it 3 stars because my learning was impeded by several links that did not lead to the materials I wanted to review. This is very unfortunate and reflect rather poorly on the management of this online course. I understand that its a task to keep links updated but as a learning organisation I expect nothing less. I therefore decided not to pay for this as I felt I didnt get all that I expected.
More than "Management" the course should be called "Introduction". The information was good and most professors were obviously experts in the field, but it seems that the method could be more fun or creative. The depth of the course is not enough for someone who already has a basic knowledge in the International Organizations area. Some of the links for external texts did not work. I specially liked Professor Romo's module.
informative, would benefit from internship opportunities at the end to put learning into practice.
Some of the parts are too weak and unclear, the PPPs part the most
it is an excellent course, i would prefer if it was less historical context and more managerial aspects.
This course is a great introduction to the world of international organizations. The lectures with Bruce Jenks are a clear highlight, they are thought-provoking and give an excellent insight into the dilemmas of UN leadership. I particularly liked the stories (e.g., about Dag Hammarskjöld and Jim Grant) and concrete examples that he linked to the theory. On the other hand, I expected more from the PPP section: it remained very theoretical and focused on generic frameworks. I expected a lot more case examples and detailed analysis of those. Some of the readings in the whole course could be more interesting, too.  I generally preferred video content and exercises over long articles (e.g., great TED talk in the branding section!)
I am happy to have participated in this course. A the beginning my expectations weren't that high, specially when it comes to the last topic: marketing, but after completing the course I was surprised by all the new perspectives that I found here.The name of the Professor on Strategic Communication and Marketing is confusing because somethimes she introduces herself as Claudia Romo, and sometimes as Claudia Gonzalez, and other she uses her husband's last name, Isn't it a incoherence with the content of the segment where it stresses the importance of coordinating one message?
This course has guided me to internalize and enhance my knowledge  to best utilization of the transition period of seeking challenging job opportunities in Nepal and abroad; in the Sectors of International Organization Management and its Core Elements to Operations since the beginning of the UN and International Organizations History, Actions, Contributions, Achieving Common Vision, Values, Norms through the Public Private Partnership, Marketing Plan, Fund Raising, Media and Communication Tools with practical examples and so forth.
It was a fantastic experience! The course is very concise and well developed. It allowed me to review and rethink several aspects of my professional life. Marketing in particular, with Claudia Romo Edelman was really good and productive! I am definitely putting in practice a lot of what I learned from her. The partnership part was also really good! If the more theoretical bits from the first weeks could be less orthodox and hegemonic, it would be more interesting. But since it is a short course, it was appropriate.
I enjoyed the course as a whole, particularly the final module. There were however a few issues that might be reviewed in the provisions of the course going forward. First of all, the transcript of the lectures is riddled with errors, and would perhaps benefit from some editing and review. Second, a number of the links to reading materials did not in fact link to the document in question, or linked to expired websites. Besides that, I learned a lot and thank you for the opportunity to take this course!
The course is really interesting and it provides basic knowledge about the UN and its functioning. However, some links have to be replaced, because once you click on them you receive a 404 error. There are some videos in which the subtitles stop or are not provided at all and some questions that refer to knowledge that is explained later on. However, these are technical issues and they have nothing to do with the quality of the course itself, which I recommend as it is very interesting and useful!!
This was valuable, maybe slightly different than what I expected. Unfortunately I was interrupted due to attempted international travel whilst doing the corse due to COVID and quarantine etc.. so it was a bit fractured for me. Though I believe that the course is great. I really liked the lecturers, they were very relatable. I will be looking into more studies with the University of Geneva.
i found this course very interesting . I learned about  various topics in which i didn't have knowledge before such as history of UN, various international organisations, their works , how to manage them etc.I had an urge to do some work in this field before ,this course gives me a sense of awareness and how can i proceed with my work.
It was very usefull for learning in general about UN Management. Some links from complementary information do not work unfortunately. Quiz were exactly about what it was said in the course. This could be improved if they would test the new concepts in new examples to ensure that people do not only memorize but understand also.
Although the course was good and I learned about management for international organizations, I felted that the course spent more time than the necessary explaining the organization of the UN rather than teaching about marketing strategies and tools. Also, the was many problems with the audio of the videos of week four.
The course content is rich and comprehensive. I would suggest however to put a real tanscript of lectures instead because the automated one has many mistakes. Also, some of the reading links are not available, for example, the last reading on media and communications. Many thanks for the course.
Some links are now working (404 error pop up). Most of the lectures are videos of oral presentations of the teachers and that can be quite boring. Nevertheless, the course is relevant and useful, filled with good literature resources and with state-of-the-art information.
The structure of the course was good and easy to follow and at the same time very informative. Especially the section on PPP´s was very useful. The course gave me insights and tools that I need in order to become more effective in my work as a sustainability consultant.
I enjoy every discussion for each week. Although it took time for me to finish the course, still the discussion and topics were encouraging especially the ample examples they give. Kudos to all the professors and individuals who were part of this course. Thank you!
The course was very well-organised and it really helped me that I had specific deadlines to abide by. I would love some more in-hands practice by implementing theory into different examples in order to see if the theory has been well comprehended.
Great! Learned some new things while also had a sense regarding the role and work of international institutions.4 stars because some of the lectures were too fast paced while most of them were perfectly okay.
The course have had a wide range of materials in regard to International Organizations management and I learned a great deal. The course content has enhanced my knowledge and the professors were awesome.
This course is helpful in understanding the basic of each aspect. personally I liked the week3 and week 5, the leadership, media and communication respectively.
Course is amazing since it adds diferent approaches that you would probably never think about. However some of the professors are talking really slow.
Really insightful and informative course. Coming from a completley different background to this it was easily accessible and broken down well.
Good and interesting course, though execution in video presentation and transcribtion of text is open for improvement.
Very good insightful foundations. Some presenters were a bit more difficult to follow but the content is valuable.
extremely informative. Gave a beneficiary insight into the management world of International Organisations.
Very interesting course. It gave me an interesting food for thought about International Organizations.
this is an excellent course for persons who intend to have a career in international organisations
It was a nice learning journey in the world of IOM.Thank you and I wish u all the best
very impressive, at least we got many thoerotical sense about the clause and meanings.
Some of the speakers are not too compelling, but in general its a good overview
I was able to enhance my knowledge in international organization management.
Interesting lectures but topics were covered in very general way.
It was a good course overall, I enjoyed doing most of the work!
its good Qualification to add to your CV guys
I collect more knowledge.getting skill to me.
It was very useful to me
The Course is very good taught me everything i needed to learn, i hope to add to my CV by purchasing the certificate in September as soon as i get fund for it. Introducing me to marketing, communication and fundraising. I find very useful because i can use that to apply for jobs in Market communication, and PR. Can now care out more research, and extensive reading in marketing, communication and PR. As a graduate of International Relation and Politics. Knowledge in International Law and Global Justice which i started for my Masters but withdrawal as a result of financial difficulties. Addition this course; International Organization management has taking me one step closer of my dream of working for International Organizations such as UN, UNICEF, UNDO, World Bank, International Criminal Court etc and NGOs. These and many more course am adding relating to international field to enhance my knowledge and enrich my CV. All i need now is experience to get me all set to my career goals.
The course covers all managerial topics, explaining application of those on the NGOs. There are a lot of practical examples, and readings for further study.
This was one of the best mind bungling course. its was short and quite interesting. i liked my professor Claudia Gonzalez with her wide experience in Diplomacy and Marketing .
I found the course incredibly well-designed and compelling. I completed it within a short period because it was highly engaging and interesting. The lectures were well-presented and the readings interesting and made me reflect deeply. I would highly recommend this as an introduction to the management of international organisations.
It is quite a good course. I am happy that I learnt something about International  Organisations Management. I convey my thanks to the Team Coursera and the teaching team of the  University of Geneva.
It was a very nice course. I have learned many new things. What I would have liked to see, however, is some of the video materials (provided in form of links) to be played during the videos.
Thank you for the scholarship for this course! I have loved every aspect of this learning and I have learned so much within this period. It was challenging enough, well paced with very many useful resources. I'm really glad I got to learn so many new concepts and hear from a wide range of professionals.
International Organizations Management Course by Coursera is very helpful and effective. I am very pleased to be a part of the Course. It has successfully covered the crucial and relevant subject matters pertaining to International Organization management. The evaluation system following each week was also useful. My sincere thanks and gratitude to the University of Geneva and all the resource persons who worked hard to make this course useful.
This course is a well structured and organized form of online education, that I can recommend to anyone interested in IO and international issues. I leared a lot from the high level education of the Universite de Geneve Professors and I want to thank everyone who helped creating this course for a broad online target group. Kind regards
It was very interesting and useful course. Professor Claudia Gonzalez and her team have explained things in very simple and easy to understand way. no doubt I have learned a lot through this course.Thanks Coursera for giving me opportunity and such wonderful platform to learn and enhance academic and professional skills.
I highly recommend this course to anyone who seeks to have a well rounded background understanding of IOs management. The course content, video aided instructional materials and the the instructors' delivery surpassed my expectations. I am amazed that this offering is FREE!
This course has simply blown my mind and opened my eyes to the complexities of International Organizations. I have further respect to those people in the field and also want to work towards being a part of their wonderful world.
Great course with a solid introduction to qualitative research methods. Loved the enthusiasm in the videos and the assignments were practical and great practice to use the methods taught.
This is beyond doubt that International Organization Management is five star class and I am proud to complete through coursera.
I AM VERY HAPPY TO COMPLETE THIS COURSE & I WHOLEHEARTEDLY THANK COURSERA & INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS MANAGEMENT.🙂🙂
Excellent course in content and in delivery!
I wished the course could continue. The time I spent learning is worth it, the course has given me broad and well compacted understanding of international organisations, right from history. I have had to reflect many times on what  NGOs can adapt to effectively engage with a variety stakeholders,  how they can become more visible, communicate their impact and mobilise more resources through fundraising as opposed to tracking and responding to calls for concepts and proposals.At the end of this course, I feel much more confident with my ability to support the strategic governance of NGOs. I wish there can be another stage of this course. A very special thank you to all the presenters, the University of Geneva ,and of course, the Coursera team for such making this resource accessible and affordable to everyone interested.
The Course is wonderfully designed, I got exposure
to know the Historical context of International organizations, UN mandate,
governance and functions. It helped me to know the global supply chain and
trade agreements. It skilled me on following aspects too.·        
Public private partnership·        
Development the PPP governance structure
·        
To select the right partners·        
Negotiation and brokering of partnership
·        
Building strategic marketing
plan ·        
Using communication mix ·        
Media and branding·        
Fund raising and developing
case support  and Leadership & management I hope, I will
use all my learning in my work and I believe, it is a values addition to my professional
career.
The course on 'International Organizations Management' offered by the 'University of Geneva' through 'Coursera' is indeed a great course for gaining wonderful insights of the 'International Organizations'. The course touches upon some very important and crucial aspects. The structure of this course in indeed great, but what makes this course awesome is its Faculties. All the faculties in the course are wonderful. They articulate the thoughts so nicely, that the course becomes so easy and interesting. I would really like to thank all the Professors and the whole team of the course. Kudos to you All!
Very stimulating, educative and simple lecture format. I have learned a lot from this course practically than any other course or program of international relations/politics that I have undertaken. The course syllabus and content are relatable to the job descriptions at the United Nations that I have so far explored. Highly recommend for anyone looking to work in any international organization beyond the UNs itself. Thanks to the faculty members who have steered us throughout the course.
It has been a very educative course which has helped to widen my knowledge about the United nations and other international organisations and their management, I have also gained a lot of skills during the course and I'm very ready to use them to add value to any organisation that I might be given the opportunity to manage, I also wish to thank the university of Geneva and all the staff for wonderful they have put together in making this course most especially to the lecturers Thanks!
International Organizations Management Course gave me fulfilling insights and concepts to understand deeply how international organizations work collaboratively with public sectors and civil societal groups. Moreover, the lessons and courses set by the professors are very significant to one another.  I really enjoyed learning with this course and would help me to become more competent and learned as I engage myself in IOs for my future employment/s.
This was an excellent overview of the key dimensions of international organizations: structure, leadership, multi-sectoral partnerships, fundraising, and cause marketing. The instructors are accomplished practitioners who provide concrete examples of the guiding principles and theories. As a professional seeking to work for an international organization, I gained a great deal of insight and analytical tools.
I learned more important theories and informations from this online course. It was attractive  journey with professors, speaking  visitors ,  instructors and other with respect. I feel right now I fully understand the work and history of IOs and the a United Nations , which  is a helpful for my career and work with both of them  ... Thank you for all your efforts and best regards..Shaymaa
My Name Is Elmardi Abuelgasim Mukhtar Abdelrasoul, I have
completed International organization management course on Sunday, December 31,
2018.I have received my Certificate but without course’s units transcription,
please add that and send to me.Thank you very muchElmardi Abdelrasoul38 Brentwood Drive, Cranbourne North, 3977Melbourne – Victoria - Australia0061470360067
I am so much happy to have successfully completed this course in which I acquired a lot of  knowledge and skills which I believe is going to bring positive impact in both my life and the organization I am working for. It was a greater opportunity to discuss with colleagues and instructors. May the Almighty God bless the University Geneva especially Cousera community.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course! It is a great introduction to the history and ecosystem of International Organizations. I appreciate that the content in some of the subjects was well selected and provided a deeper dive and helped in better understanding the subject. I was very much inspired and hope to be able to progress my learning and experience in this field.
It is such amazing full of information course!  Though I have been in UN system at the professional level for the last 21 years, I have learned a lot from this course!  Thank you very much for all great efforts spent by all professors in this course and the University of Geneva for such great initiative! All the best!
Very informative course delivered in an easy to understand method. I especially learnt alot from the extra reading material and the discussion forums. All the lecturers are very clear and have organised the material very well. Highly recommend this course to those wishing to learn about international organisations.
This course is quite exciting and inspiring. For you to achieve maximum points here, you must be focused. The instructors are quite illustrative. This is my best online course ever. I say a very big thanks to Cousera for giving me the scholarship to attain this height. Thank youFundraising class was lit.
It is outstanding course .After completed this course ,I am ready to participate in leadership and branding team of any sectors because I learned it's foundation ,market need.During the course ,I have found best study material notes.I thanks to everyone who created such type of course .THANKS  A LOTS.
An outstanding course from Coursera,  I come to know about many things from the international organizations, to its organs, agencies, its functions, and the importance of management in this world. I really thanks Coursera which boost my knowledge about the world and its history and works.
The International Organization Management course is highly informational. Anyone who is interested in being involved with global business management, international business and trade, international economics, or being involved with global development should definitely take this course.
Prepared in a simple yet comprehensive way. The course was insightful, speakers really managed to break down the complexity of IOs in a very tangible way.  Highly recommend it for any one who wants to level up their skills, or planning a career shift in International Organisations.
Really informative and helpful course, from a well established and trusted educational institution. Well explained topics and great professors and teaching assistants, help you glide through the topics and help increase your knowledge about the subject and its various aspects.
This was a very efficient course with high potential of career shift into high level management and executive positions in International Organizations of any level.  Based on it you  can bring revolutionary progress to any IO and  gain  global level leadership for it.
This specific course offers the opportunity to learn a great deal about the structure and the way of action of the United Nations and other International Organizations all over the world occupied with a great number of subjects that touch many countries worldwide.
This is really helpful and useful for my works as a social worker and have to engage with several internation organization including UN for doing advocacy. I could learn a lot from this course, hopefully I could be apply all my knowledge to my community works...
I loved doing this course as it is filled information ranging from diplomacy, economics and business which particularly allow for wholesome knowledge too be taken. This is a must-do course for anyone interested in international relations, economics and business.
This course is stellar and very insightful. It is also very challenging so listen carefully and analyze your learnings before you proceed to the quizzes. Overall would recommend this to anyone who wants to better understand how International Organizations work.
This course is of good quality material and the facilitators gave good deliveries.In general,I was exposed to various factors that helped International Organizations to achieve their set goals with keen interest to their marketing and fundraising strategies.
Hi I am ANWAR MOHAMMED from sudan I really enjoyed the course, I would like to state that many courses are not available in my region and the ways of payment is hard that paypal or credit cards are not easy to find please help provide easier ways thank you.
The IO Management course offered by the University of Geneva unambiguously changed my perspective and thinking on the global stage of organisations. I hope that the IOM certificate will add a feather to my academic and social career. Thank You Coursera
This is a top notch set of skills to transform any organization presented with such simplicity. Coming from insiders with years of experience, this is a tool to help transform our world. Now my vision is more clear and I am ready to launch out.
This course is very informative, the structure and learning material is essential and easy to understand. I have thoroughly enjoyed this course as it has taught me a lot on issues about leadership and management in International Organisations.
I found the course very clear, to-the-point, well-structured and informative. If you lack time to do a proper MBA, this is a very good course to give you a general idea about management of international organisations in very short duration.
All the topics are well presented by the speakers.The content is clear and interesting.The videos are of the right length to allow you to easily follow them and remain focus.The reading material and extra videos are an added value.
This course gives an excellent baseline into the world of International Organizations. This is a great course if you need to become familiar with IOs and the driving force behind them. Excellent examples and materials. Thank you!
It's very informative with various lecturers' outstanding explanations. Timing with videos are also well arranged. Overall, this IOM course is a worth studying course. Thank you to all who contributed to make this course alive.
One of the best Course I ever attended on Online, Professors who know what they are talking or teaching and expert on their field am so glad to attend such Course, let me mention lea Stadlter, Cassandra, Gilbert, Julian fleet,
International Organizations Manegement was a unique and enriching experience of continuous learning. Each one of the themes that we treated with the professors, has been dept thanks to the information released on the platform.
Great course, it was exactly what I was looking for to learn more about multilateralism and how to improve international organizations, which are now being challenged by the growing influence of the private sector and NGOs.
A very detailed and engaging course. I have learnt so much and improved my knowledge on the structure of international organisations; including their types; roles; marketing and communication; fundraising, etc. Thumbs up!
Great course, it really submerged me on the IOs world, I did have working experience with MDBs, but this course must be a must do for every professional that is interested or is beginning a career in any IOs. Many thanks
This course is one of the best courses that  I have earned a lot from it, especially in Marketing, Leadership , general information about NGOs UN , PPP and collaboration between agencies, strategic, managing by data etc.
The course has excelled my expectations. It perfectly combined both theoretic and practical tips regarding the topic. I strongly believe that now I am more ready to advance in this sphere! Thanks for the amazing course!
I want to thank Coursera and Geneva University for the excellent course, and i learned a lot from this course and material. i think i can work with any international organization and help them positively to succeed
exceptional course, very interesting, its an introduction to the IO world, missions, budgets, in addition to media, marketing tools, fundraising, networks and leadership level.i highly recommend !thank youRawaa
Totally exceeded my expectations and opened my eyes to better understand International Organizations and develop very important skills. Very wonderful course delivered perfectly by truly excellent professionals
It was a very great opportunity to know more about International Organizations such as UN in a different aspect and to increase my knowledge on how senior management of UN driving this wonderful organization.
Enriching course which gives an overview and actions of International Organizations (mainly UN Agencies ) as well as their management with practical examples and cases studies. I highly recommend this course.
Excellent overview of essential mansagement and leadership competencies for working in Internatiuonal Organization. A well designed and delivered course by experts and practitioners. Highly recommended!
This course covers all aspects of management and management of international organizations.I enjoyed taking it for the knowledge I acquired and the presentations were not overwhelming at all.Thank you.
This course is really informative. I have learnt and received so many skills during this course namely, Leadership skills, management skills, communication skills and marketing and branding skills etc.
This is definite one of the most interesting g course I have ever taken. The instructors are well grounded in the field with lots of experience in International Development and United Nations system.
I have thoroughly enjoyed the contents and the quality of this course! The lectures regarding PPPs and Marketing related to the activity of IOs has proven valuable for my endeavors!
With the timing of the course construction and lectures from the teachers are very well structured and connected. I appreciate it. Thank you all teachers and University and Geneva.
This Course organize my ideas and get me another full view from all the corner about The International Organizations Management ! Thank you for everyone made this Dream come true!
This course has an upper hand on iOS operations.It makes me understand them.Thanks to Profesors who taught me.Will be able to apply the knowledge in day to day endeavors.
This course has been taught in an exclusively professional and comprehensive way. Also, it helped me to develop high personal and academic skills for my future career.
Great informative course that gives a really good overivew of international organisations. The course has helped shape my opinion on what area I would like to work in
I am very very impressed.I hope to do more coursers. However, i want to study the materials and videos again to fully grasp it. Then i will apply for other courses
This course was very informative, well organized and very
well presented. Thank so much to all the lecturers for taking your time to
share your knowledge with us.
This course was really helpful in having a deeper and better understanding of working with international organizations, with a particular look at UN agencies.
Its is a fundamental to any leadership that ensure efficiency. This course helps to bring global issues together both private and public for societal benefit.
Hello I am very happy to have this course. Thanksss to University of Geneva staff. The course content is good. Specially last three parts. Thnxxx once again
It is an excellent course with the right content. No one should be allowed to manage an international organisation without first undertaking this course
As a development assistance worker, this course provided me an excellent understanding of contemporary debates for the multilateral development system.
Excellent overview to the subject matter with a well-chosen mix of principles and practices, also with interesting and most up-to-date case discussion
Very clear and helpful, many thanks to Coursera and all instructors to give the opportunity to know more about International Organizations Management
This course is great, you can practice all the lessons learned. This course shows us the reality. You can use for your personal life or in your job.
Great introduction to the topic suitable for anyone. I finished quickly because I did not want to stop! Now I want to learn more about this topic.
I have acquired a lot in just a few weeks and now with a better understanding of Intermational Organizations key marketing and management tools.
A really great course that also provides a comprehensive introduction to the world of international organizations as a whole. Thank you!
I got great insights into the management of international organizations. I am looking forward to one day working for such. thank you.
It was a perfect overview of International Organizations Management including PPPs and Brand Marketing. Very useful and interesting.
Inspiring, uplifting, wide, well explained, touching all edges of such a wide subject in a general but absolutely illustrative way.
very informative and concise course, excellent work done by all lecturers, ** extra star for marketing and fundraising lecturers.
Great cource, a lot of new information and knoledge. I enjoyed stading that cource and take oportunity to read other information
A very well modulated course with good insights about International Organizations and their management style. Good experience :)
The course provided me with relevant insights of functioning of International Organisations. I am thankful to the team for it.
Nice course to get a good and broad understanding about how International Organizations work, with extra emphasis is the UN.
Really great course! Only feedback I'd give is to update the audio but the information gained from the course was amazing!
A very comprehensive course on the theory and practice of the organisation and functioning of international organisations.
This is a very informative course, If you are thinking about starting do not hesitate.  just click enroll to start asap.
Short but in details, comprehensive study package. The lectures are so simple and easy to understand, clear concept.
It was an amazing course which helped me understand the working of the United Nations and its group of institutions.
Excellent teachers and team work. Well elaborated. Thank you to all. Especially Ms. Lea Stadtler and Ms. Claudia.
Very interesting and complete information provided, will definitely recommend to others interested in this field.
I get chance and learned international Organizational tactics which I can utilise in my job related to Management
Very useful course! I have learned a lot, thank you for the opportunity! It certainly allowed me to dream big :)
Excellent course. It gives a thorough description of the i.o.s management. Provides knowledge on their function.
Great overview into the world of International Organization and what is takes for them to function effectively.
Comprehensive introduction of International Organisations. Very helpful for people who are interested in IOs.
Informative, interesting and presented at a nice pace. You will learn a lot from this course, I did. Cheers.
A very good first step to get to know the industry if you aim to work in international organization or NGO.
Very precise and informative course on the functioning and key elements of International Organisations.
I council this course to everyone who want to approach deeply the field of International Organizations.
Best experience I have acquired from this program. I wish all the participant a warm endeavors future
It was very clear and informative at the same time. The quizzes made sure I understood the concepts.
The quiz questions are a bit confusing as those are not generalized, but often encourage memorizing.
Great resource for those interested in gaining a broad understanding of International Organizations.
Great course, the brand management section really made me reflect on how to be a better ambassador.
Glad to be part of this course. Much appreciated the passion of the Lectures. Gob bless you all.
Wanting me to learn more and maybe take me education to a higher level. It was inspirational
This Course is very important for those envisage working in the international organizations
Interesting and systematic information which give you deeply understand how is working IO.
Thank you so much I'm very happy that everyone can improve their knowledge by your helping
That was a really great learning experience. I appreciate all given knowledge and concept.
Amazing! I´ve learned so much about IOs, how they are structured and how they work. Thanks
Excellent course, content and instructors. Found it very valuable and worthwhile, Thanks!
The course was very helpful for me gaining insights how International Organizations work
Was very useful and with the information that will be very helpful for me in the future
Very interesting course for those pursuing a career in the international organisations.
Thank you, everything was very structural, clear. All topics were important and needed
Exceptional course ,much needed for the development sector professional in particular.
A very interesting course and I learnt a lot how International Organization operates.
I enjoyed the flexibility and style of knowledge sharing in this course. Keep it up
Thank you for introducing this course has become of help to me.Moses Mudavadi-kenya
The course is quite Educative. i enjoyed the lectures and practical examples used.
This was a great experience !!!Thank you all at University of Geneva and Coursera
I really enjoyed this course specially the sections related to UN affairs and all
Super educative, well packaged and perfect delivery from everyone. Thanks alot.
Amazing course, thoroughly enjoyed unpacking all the different elements to it.
This course is the most helpful course i have taken in my Social work Career
Well organized content, practical examples and easy to follow instructions.
ExcellentI got a chance to know many new and path to knowing something new.
This is a very dinamic and didactical course, easy to underteand and learn.
The course was very useful especially in terms of fund raising and branding
Enjoyed every minute, great teachers, great course, very informative.
This course fosters my knowledge about international organizations.
Very informative videos and  reading references are good resources.
It was a great course! I've learned a lot of topics of management .
Great course with plenty of useful information for day-to-day work!
THIS WAS AN EXTREMELY INFORMATIVE COURSE. I AM THANKFUL I DID IT.
Concise, effective learning and well presented (except week 5).
Helpful to understand International organizations & UN systems.
A great introduction to the world of International Organisation
Really enjoyable and informative.Great section on Fundraising
Great introduction to International Organizations Management.
Very interesting and teaches about a lot of different topics
It is a very useful course and rich of a lot of information
It's a very nice course that helps me to learn many things
Very informative and useful, excellent learning experience
Compacted and informative, worth every minute of learning
very informative course with lot more new things to learn
Very clear and concise course! Thanks to all stakeholders
Very helpful, especially for those interested in the UN.
In the course everything related to IOMBA is fulfilled
excellent to know about INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS
Very very important course for nonprofit sector.
I want to express it in one word- Outstanding .
I fore see this course to be very helpful to me
I love this course more than what I think of.
This Course is very essential for many people
A Wonderful and knowledge impacting course!
It was a very informative course. good job!
It was an amazing Course Thank You So Much
The materials are clear and help me a lot
Teachers  have authentic touch to teach
Thank you so much it was very helpful
The Wonderful Experience of my Life
Exceptional lectures and materials!
Very insightful and well delivered.
IT'S ONE OF THE BEST COURSE i TOOK
Very insightful and easy to learn
Best course and best instructors.
I learned a lot of thing. Thanks
Very informative and accessible.
I have learned a lot. Thank you.
Really wonderful and insightful
Thanks for this useful course.
Flexible and easy to adopt
This course was excellent!
The compact and best one!
It was very interesting
Thank for everything!
THNANKS IT WAS USEFUL
More informatics ❤❤❤
Very useful content
It's a good cours.
Truly very helpful
Great Learning.
Informational
