Bad, They request me just after I finish the course to pay another $50 to get the certification after I have already paid, You can check here: http://prntscr.com/ov7q03
I previously completed the Google I.T. Support Professional certificate. I started this course with no problem, mainly out of curiosity, and completed most of the first weeks assignments then was unable to work on this course for a few weeks. Now they've locked the course and are asking me for $99 to finish it, for a certificate not a single employer is actually looking for. lol, not only is that a hard pass, but this experience has completely turned me off to Coursera. Btw, no employers care about the Google cert either. Don't waste your time here, I suggest getting your A+ and then move on to either Windows administration certs or networking certs depending on your field of interest. Good luck.
Old and rotten techniques are being taught. I request not to take the course
A lot of very pointless tasks that maybe in theory should be helpful but they are not. At least can be skipped, sort of.
Overall, it had a low quality to it for what is supposed to be a professional course. There were many typographical errors, words missing, and poorly formed sentences. Some of the content appeared dated as well.
Slides are clear but not the most interesting. I learnt about some new theories and techniques which was great and it provided a clear rubric to follow when providing support solutions.
Not what I expected.
I think that it's a very good course, which is really suitable for beginners, and also for those who are at their first year of working at the customer service field. You will learn very important tips and information, beside soft skills, which will help you enhance your tasks accomplishment ability.If I was about mentioning a negative, it will be regarding the assignments, I think they were too many, and they weren't interacting and motivational enough, however, it is still acceptable.
I loved taking this course, especially the flexibility as I don't have the luxury of only pursuing my studies. I would recommend that the course text is not only done by a machine but that it is also reviewed by human eyes as I found several typos that were often distracting. Other than that, the course was excellent and I look forward to taking more Coursera courses in the future!
Nice and Comprehensive course. Much detailed than most of the online courses. Evaluation process is also intuitive wherein peers review your assignment submission. Recommended for new and experienced CSMs
It's a really useful course for beginners. I'd recommend it to the people who are looking to understanding how customer service work in business environment.
The course was very nice and interactive. I really enjoy all the videos, they were very clear and short, with the enough time to give clear information.
it was a good learning experience , i wish it was a bit more detailed and not limited to call centers , still it has taught me a great deal
This course is exceptionally detailed. I have gained insights into aspects of Customer Engagement that I never imagined existed. Fantastic!
Nice course with quality content! However I expected more content on Customer Engagement rather than Customer support in this course.
A nice build up to the advanced material, maybe the build up is too long?
Great just needs to be more fun in learning It was too serious
Very good and beneficial
it is really good course
There is an art to customer service and IBM delivers with this easy to understand, well thought out approach to customer support and engagement. I would recommend this to anyone who talks to any type of customer on a regular basis, as it will surely help you to exceed your customer service goals.
This course has helped me to enhance my customer support skills. I implemented these skills while I was working. I got an excellent result. Thank you for this offering !
I am very satisfied with the program. The content is very good and the activities have been well designed. And it has a high level of participation. I recommend it 100%.
This course cover all theories of the custumer engagement service. It's worth to take and you have access to badges that demonstrate your skills.
The course gives a world class applicable knowledge with practical sessions to confirm what is being learnt. It is great!
This is excellent training, it provide fundamental and practical skill needed for customer engagement related job
This course offers insight into the realities of Customer Service that I would have otherwise overlooked.
Excellent course with excellent professors and teachers.
I am so grateful for this course.  I really did enjoy learning how to communicate with better skill sets.  I can apply this to my daily conversations with online support and other personal calls.  I also enjoyed the extra reading articles.  They were very helpful by going in-depth of topics.  I also subscribe to many of the articles and websites.  Thank you so much.
Very helpful for people who are in support Industry, it brushes back your skills and emphasis on behaviour, language,listening and other skills.
Great Course for customer service executives and even best for the one who is about to start serving customer :-)
The course is amazing! They explain everything in a very dynamic way! I feel much more prepared now.
Fantastic course and very informative and transformative as well
It's a big eye opener. I am enjoying every video of the course
excellent training, permitto obtain good knowledge on how ma
Interesting course. I'm learning new things.
It was v useful for me, thanks coursera
Thank you for the opportunity.
Good Course in this field.
Fairly Good
This was an amazing course, which helped me really apply the things that I'm doing in my current job. I loved the engagement in the course and how I was able to practice the material by doing hands on assignments and peer reviewing my classmates submissions.  I loved the interaction and content that was provided, as everything was very informative, and a lot of resources were provided to guide us in successfully completing the assignments and the lessons.  I'm actually going to miss taking this course because it gave me something to look forward to and that was a blessing.  I highly recommend this course and am so glad I had the opportunity to take it during COVID-19.
Very well presented and great quality of material. I appreciated the depth and breath of material covered to have some qualify to prove excellent quality support.May suggestion to continuously improve are:*The slide video presentations had a 15 second gap of no sound so you missed out on what was said.*It would be nice after each test for a module or after completion of the course to be able to have a pdf printout of flash cards for each module or subject taught for review.
I really had an amazing experience and pretty accessibly learning process thanks to this course, that without any doubt will help to increase my career performance and will open lot of new opportunities of improvement to my life with different benefits, not only the gaining of good knowledge. Highly recommend. Thank you so much for the great opportunity to access all this important and accurate information.
A basic course targeted for all customer-facing roles including customer service. The course is very well designed to meet all that is in-scope to become a successful customer engagement specialist. After completing the course I am able to relate to my work and what should be done to enhance the customer experience no matter what the product or service that is being offered to the customer.
very helpful and informative program will be able to apply learned course material in every day life does not take long to complete is not a course that will land you a job upon completion unless you have the required company experience/qualifications, but if you do this will surely put you ahead of the competition highly recommended for anyone in a customer service industry
This professional certificate taught me not only the communication skills of a good call center agent, but also process managing and problem resolution skills, that are essential in many areas, like in decision making and leading people. I recomend this certificate to everyone who want to develop important communication skills allied with a strong analytical formation!
A good course for those who are thinking to join customer support industry or those who are already in support industry. Even if you are not thinking or already in support industry.i would definitely recommend this course especially if you want to know more about customer problem solving. learnt many new things through this course.WORTH TAKING THIS COURSE !!!!
I have really acquired exceptional skills with this course. Coursera is indeed a savior for offering true education for everyone. I have never regretted making the decision to join. I feel empowered each time I learn something new. My customer engagement skills are now impeccable and exceptional. THANK YOU, COURSERA. THANK YOU, IBM.
This course was well put together, and has a lot of excellent information and tips. Even the most well trained Customer Service Professional can learn something new!  Course is easy to access, easy to navigate through, and the certificate at the end is a bonus to all the information valuable information provided.
This was a solid course that covered a lot of essential information for any customer service specialist. While i would not call this comprehensive by any means, it does hit the core concepts. I would recommend it for people new to customer service but should be very easy if you already have experience.
I would recommend this course for those who want to learn more about communication and taking ownership in communication. There are many lessons you thought you have known before but you will have a clear organized instruction and new recommendation to upgrade your skills after finishing this course.
A very good course to get a good broad understanding of customer service communications, general troubleshooting method, and introduction to documentation and ticketing systems. I think this course is worth taking for anyone who has customer contact over the phone, chat, email or in person.
Great course! extremely well organised, with a good variety of quizzes and practice exercises. The information provided is based on scientific knowledge, but easy to understand and apply. I truly recommend this course to all who want to improve soft skills and communication skills!
Each Module of the IBM Customer Engagement Specialist Professional certificate for me were stages of improvement on how I should relate and communicate with customers and also how I need to make myself an integral part of my organization as a team member and customer service agent
Great course! As a start or even a refresher to people who want to learn and expect to be in a service-based industry. It includes how to communicate effectively, handling your time and tools that can help you in sorting out knowledge & information.
This course was amazing.  It really takes you step by step on each topic and it is really complete.  It will prepare you to be the best employee.  It is design so you can do it at your own pace so you can have a work-life balance.
I am very satisfied with this course. If you're thinking of changing your career to IT, this is the perfect entry point to start your career in IT .Many thanks to IBM and Coursera for your top-notch specialization courses.
Very engaging and covers a wide range of topics; some info, for those who have been in CS for a while might not be new, however, this course will make you aware of certain things that are likely to be lost over time.
I really enjoyed this course and a privilege having to part take in this course as this will propel me well on how to engage people professionally and I recommend this course as the best for everyone and to enroll.
Course is really helpful which helps to perceive many good learning for ideal customer support agent. This also helps to achieve productivity, efficiency & result in higher satisfaction ratings from customers.
This was seriously one of the best online courses I have ever taken. I wish this was around when I began my career in customer service 21 years ago! I will refer others to this course within my organization.
Very resourceful in my current job role as a customer service executive. Thank you for putting this course together to assist individuals as myself become professionals in our roles as service personnel.
what a journey? was long, but knowledgable. I really enjoy this course, special there are some information about customer services professional tips. I will recommend my collages take this course.
These course is highly effective at teaching you skills and knowledge that may not be available in other traditional courses, it is also well structured so you can do it at your own time and pace.
Definitely an amazing course, lots of in-depth knowledge about customer engagement. Enjoyed learning, I recommend this course to everyone who wants to make a career in customer support.
Very good course. Complete, detailed and well presented. The examples used for the exercises allow to put knowledge into practice in a dynamic and entertaining way. Highly recommended!
I learned many things regarding customer support and I really enjoyed it. I will apply what I have learned at work. I will also recommend this course to my colleagues. Thank you a lot
One of the most interesting and involving course I have taken on Coursera. Very broad with interesting reads all through. I highly recommend this certification course.
This course is definitely a great course for beginners and intermediates. Helped me understand a lot of things. Thank you IBM and Coursera for this wonderful course.
This course helped me understand what customer Relationship entails and also improved on my skill as a customer agent. Thank you coursera for this great opportunity.
Everyone has to get this certificate because it would be helpful whatever the job you are doingand most important that is useful in day to day personal life also
This is a great resource no matter if you're only job seeking, new on the job or already a professional. Now time to be deliberate with all I learned.
This course is such a useful source of information and give me some tips of professional communication that will be adaptable to my career vision.
A complete ad comprehensive course that enables one to relate well and solve problem empathetic ally. I appreciate the content and the references.
The course was excellent! It was like a validation and a refresher for me and I have been working in the customer service industry for a while.
This course is so well managed and organized it helped me improve my skills in many aspects. Thank you very much for your precious efforts!
A  very informative and great course. I learned a lot that I thought I knew. I didn't know until I completed the course. Great Information
Well structured course and interactive manuals. Had a great time learning, will recommend it for anyone who has interest in pursuing it
The information I got from this course was very helpful and useful for customer support since customers are the backbone of the company
I certainly enjoyed this course. It was informative and the guidance was clear and concise making it easy to finish at my own pace.
I recommend this wonderful course for customer engagement professionals out there. It covers every area of customer engagement.
The course is excellent, Lot of practical assignments which helped me to learn skills and apply them in real-world scenarios.
This has been a very good course.  I think all service organizations should have their employees./support agents take this.
Awesome course. It highlighted all aspect of customer engagement and broadened my knowledge in customer service modalities
It's a pleasure to have taken this course. With this i should be on my way to marking a mark in the service industry.
Very informational Certificate and I can't wait to utilize the information I learned here in my future career!
it was very useful and interesting I hope it will be some other courses more about IT SUPPORT specifically too
One of great courses and so many assignments, i learned much of it and so happy to receive my certification
Its unbelievable, I feel, this course improve my soft skill and confidence. Thanks coursera and thanks IBM.
Excellent course to learn new skills as well as collaborating with students to learn and sharing ideas.
great course and great/clear videos, explanations and excercise to develop these essential skills
An excellent experience and in-depth learning about customer relationship and engagement process.
Really very nice course .  Which give details description of Customer Service and it's aspects.
It is very helpful and i would recommend that everyone gets an opportunity to do this course.
I have so many knowledge i got here in Coursea. Thanks so much for being as Onliner student.
Great one! It has all the foundational skills that a customer service representative needs.
Helped me identify weak areas and improve them by taking quizzes and assignments seriously!
The modules are very enlightening and educative. I recommend everyone to take this course.
A professional course focusing on everything required to become a skilled customer agent.
Great information and very helpful that I can use with my team of call center agents
It's a wonderful experience taking this course... it's the best you can be part of.
It is quite a detailed and insightful course. I personally do recommend it to all.
course is interesting and adds to personal knowledge about  customer care
Thanks a lot for this course. I'm very happy to complete this course.
my working fiel in helpdesk support , thanks Coursera and thanks IBM
Outstanding, the interaction is brilliant and fun highly recommended
I am prepared to take on a role as a customer service specialist.
Its very useful and hope to get placement in IBM customer Support
Enjoyed and learned a lot whilst doing the course. Thanks a lot!
This course is exceptional. It is the best I have come across.
I transported me back to my role of call Center agent. Thanks
I have learned a lot and I am now applying it in real life.
This course enhance my skill in customer service carrier.
Got some useful information and I can learn a lot in here
This course is too god for a customer support executive
Gained new perspective on customer service. Thank you!
I really enjoyed taking this course and learned a lot.
A fantastic mix of video, text, quiz and assignments.
I feel confident after using this course! Thank you
Great course. I loved it. I recommend it to anyone.
It was fun learning about customer service. Great
Great course I learned a lot of new skills
It will be very helpful in my work filed.
This professional course earn the stress.
Great fully satisfied with this course.
It's a great course on customer support
Excellent course! Enjoyed it very much
Very interesting. I liked it so much!
It was challenging but interesting.
Great course to achieve new skills
The best online course i ever had
Such a big help! I learn a lot
this is one of the best course
Awesome! So proud of myself
This is a wonderful course!
very good materials.......
very very excellent course
Very good.  informative.
Great and user friendly
it was very productive
A wonderful course...
Great course content
Highly insightful!
Thank you IBM <3
Great course ðŸ‘
GreatCourse!
Very prof
