Course focuses more on forcing you to sign up for various IBM cloud tools than learning python.  The final assignment has a 300+ reply thread in the discussion forum because you are graded on the ability to integrate your IBM Watson Notebook with IBM cloud storage, but the instructions have multiple errors, such as not working if you provision your storage in the wrong region.This class is a shameless excuse for making you sign up for products you don't want, and then grading you on your ability to use them, not your ability to write python code.
Still I don't understand the relation of the course' content and the final assignment. In addition, I would like to see how should have been done the final assignment, i.e an example corrected and done correctly.this is the 4th course and still I can't understand anything of python. I haven't learn anything... my money is going to the waste. IBM says that you don't need previous knowledge of python or programming...that is a lie. I am biochemist and I have a MSc in One health, and during mi years we had lessons of R and R deducer. During that lessons, the materials given by the professors were clear and easy to follow. But this course has been awful..... I am feel like if I were an idiot but I know for sure that  I am not. The problem is this rubbish course.
The worst course I took. I couldn't believe the course is provided by IBM. The slide is completely unclear and there are some small mistakes in that. And the final project is aimless, I don't know why you come up with such a project for the beginner. Anyway, I'm so disappointed with IBM and this course.
I had a lot of problems with the Peer Assignment, which had nothing to do with Python Programming. The Watson environment has changed a lot compared to the learning materials.I should not recommend this Specialization, because of the difficulties with the Watson environment. I am willing to help solving the problems.
It is amazing how bad this is considering that it is marketed as an IBM product. This is not the level of quality people expect when they hear the name IBM! You'd be better off paying 9.99 for a Udemy course than taking this course. It is not in depth at all and does a stunningly poor job at building real understanding and competency. The videos and labs are full of sloppiness and errors... again, not living up to the IBM name. I don't know about y'all, but I'm probably never going to pay money for a coursera course again... not really worth it.
The IBM cloud "service" leaves much to be desired. Multiple times I've experienced outages while I was in the middle of lab assignments. It's a paid course where they give you "free" credits to do the course work in their cloud "service." But the credits are inadequate for the labs and they constantly ask for your credit card to buy more "service." While the class is okay I wouldn't recommend it to anyone because of the poor IBM cloud support.
The course content is good. However, the instructions for the final peer graded assignment are unclear. It appears to me that we were graded on our ability to interact with IBM cloud and Watson service not so much python skills also. Although I completed, I would not recommend to other until changes are made. It seems I'm not the only one that is unhappy or who had difficulties, just look at the week 5 discussion forum!
(5 stars):  Course was great!!  but,(0 stars):  Instructions for IBM Watson and how to setup the assignments are outdated/incorrect.  It took me less time to finish the course, and a lot more time just to figure out how to setup Watson based on the instructions (website & course material do not match).  This is something that IBM can greatly improve without a lot of effort, imho.The final assignment was an exercise in Watson, and barely on the course material :-(
This class was supposed to be for beginners and most of the information in the videos was easy to digest, however, the final project had elements and questions that were never covered. Also, there were many, many spelling and context errors in the videos and quizzes. This lead to a tremendous amount of confusion and I am not happy with this course or my grade. Please consider reviewing the lessons and final project to cater this course more to beginners.
Time waster, doesn't go in depth, the total video content is of less then 2 hours. The quizzes and assignments are too easy.I recommend Lynda or youtube(derekbanas/thenewboston/CoreySchafer/telusko) or anything but not this course.Really disappointed.
The final project at week 5 needs to be completely revamped.  Poor learning experience...absolutely ridiculous and is creating tremendous frustration amongst all students.
Final test needs to be actually tested by instructors. Has a few bugs in it. You would learn more about python reading a book.
Need detailed explanation for the topics, course need to be rephrased accordingly.
No support from moderators, plenty of typos.
the final assignment was extremely poorly set-up. Instructions were full of gaps, omissions, spelling mistakes. Looked like it was written by a deep-expert who assumed a lot of knowledge that you do not have at this entry level and that was nowhere made explicit. I spend many hours on a number of evenings figuring what was meant. If this lead to constructive learning, I'd be OK with it. But now it was just a long egg-hunt to figure out how I was to post something using idiosyncratic IBM infrastructure which taught me little about Python. Was this course even test driven?
The final assignment was not well explained, was hard to follow and the previous material in class was not intuitive to the task.
I would not recommend this course for someone who is completely new to python or programming in general, even though this is a beginner level course. Not only is the course content riddled with typos, but the text following the videos do not match at times making it hard for someone like me (a complete novice to programming) to understand the flow. There are other courses on python and data science out there that one could start with and get familiarised with the terminology first, and then sign up for this one. Working with Jupyter workspace and IBM Cloud was also not very user friendly. There were constant errors on bucket names and endpoints while running the code, which left me confused on what was happening (I believe this was the case with other users in the course as well, as seen from the discussion threads for Week 5). For instance, the tutorial IBM Object Storage does not clearly state which endpoint to use. For my project I ended up using an endpoint that was created in my credentials inside the JSON object. Due to this my code always gave an error. As it turns out, the correct endpoint to be used was listed elsewhere under IBM Cloud, but this was not clearly explained. I had to check with the course instructors to resolve the issue. I must say that the course instructors were very helpful in answering my questions and clarifying all my doubts promptly. I appreciated that. In conclusion, this course is not for someone who does not have any background on programming. Get some basic experience first before coming to this one.
I am sorry but this is simply terrible.I thought that Data Camp courses could use some work but after this mess - I am gladly returning to them. Save yourself some money and buy a decent book or watch videos on YouTube.My complaints:1) The final assignment doesn't load - I would probably force myself to finish this whole certificate, but I am not able to load the final assignment. Many other people have the same issue. What the hell is this?2) Videos are very low quality - badly edited PowerPoint presentations read by a robot lady voice. No good examples, no engaging elements.3) Quizzes are a joke - I can bet anyone 5$ that you will be able to pass most of them without watching a single video.4) IBM tools overall - you use Jupyter notebooks here through some IBM site. Terribly complicated to set up, loads a while, and notebooks are not very high quality (compared for example with Data Camp). Why not encourage the user to download some Python IDE on their desktop and write the code by themselves?Lesson learned: choose universities, not companies on Coursera. Not taking further courses in this certificate. Spend this money on a book, do some simple projects and put them on a GitHub account - this will be worth 10x more as this joke of a certificate. (First course is worth taking for sure - enjoyable, high quality)
The course is kinda helpful. But please, stop using peer-review assignment. I always get deducted by some stupid or careless guys for NO SINGLE REASON! When you ask some naive students to grade another, they  never give the full marks even there is no flaw in the assignment, just because they are not sure at all about any thing! Tbh, I'm kinda perfectionist. I tried my best to target 100% on every thing then finally got stuck because of others' stupidity. That made me pissed off about the whole thing that I am working on. :(
Course is poorly organised, even the lines of code input by default in the final assignment have issues running, not to mention that the whole project needs IBM cloud/platform support, something students do not agree to before hand.On forums, you may see the amount of problems and difficulties of this "course", none from the IBM team replies.Sorry, I will not be recommending this to anyone.
The instructions for the last assignment are absolute garbage and the last project as a whole is mostly a waste of time when it comes to learning Python and data science. Despite errors and use of depreciated functions, the course was otherwise great but the last project's instructions and overall design is awful enough to undo the rest.
Horrible. Forced to use IBM Cloud and IBM Watson for assignments. Typos in instructions and not enough information in Week 5 material. Very poorly organized and i would not recommend this course because of how much time I had to spend trouble-shooting IBM Watson/Cloud which I have no intention on using.
The course content is very good until you get to the final peer graded assignment which is very unclear what to do and how to tackle and you're left alone to tackle a ton of errors that are mostly irrelevant to what you're learning
Super fast and the examples don't help for the final lab. The final lab is extremely difficult and there is almost no support or guidance to help you with it. Waste of time. I could have paid for a better python course.
Do not waste you money. There is no even a place to ask question if you are not sure. They create a forum which is totally useless as nobody answers your questions when you stuck!
I have wasted a lot of time in learning how to save and upload the data on ibm platform rather than actually learning python. There should be other methods to submit our work.
You take more time trying to get to work the IBM products than actually learning python. This is specially salient in the peer-graded assingment
Looks like it was made by an intern.  Unclear instructions and terrible video quality.
No way someone without Python experience writes the final assignment code unassisted.
Basically just an interactive advertisement for IBM's new product. Videos aren't very helpful as they show snippets of code without the context in which they would be applied in an actual program. Labs are okay but they use the aforementioned IBM product, and it honestly isn't that great and it isn't something someone using python to do data science would use in a professional setting. The information given about Pandas and Numpy is embarrassingly lacking so the point where doing the final lab is nearly impossible unless you already know what you're doing or you search for information elsewhere. Not why I pay money for Coursera. Wish I could have my money and time back honestly.
I'm not sure which parts of the lessons are advertisement and which parts are actual exercises that need to be completed.  You are instructed in each segment (so hundreds of times) to not forget to press Shift-Enter for your instructions to be run which is annoying for something so simple.  Then the lesson throws you into the deep end by telling you to get an account of gethub using gist to save your jupyter thing and you end up completely lost after clicking on too many links.  I might have two accounts of gethub or none--I have no idea.
I had been taken several courses with Coursera but this data science specialization lacks good planning and clear directions to complete. I asked many times the same question. I was stuck in the last assignment of week 5 and requested help but the responses were not adequate, I contacted the teacher assistants and even the instructor and just received an email to contact Coursera services. They just ignored me; I'm not sure how many students they have but several others have the same issue with Week 5.
The third party tool is completely unreliable and it makes this course dissapointing and frustrating. I wasted too much time trying to make it work, since it was either under maintenance or issuing bad gateway errors.From the discussion boards, I saw that I was not the only one getting this type of errors, so it would be nice if a better tool could be used or maybe provide alternate instructions to use those Jupiter pages in Watson.
Lot's of good content. But the labs are very superficial and they just repeat what shown in the videos. The quizzes are too easy and they do not push you to actually apply what you learned. The final assignment was ridiculous. Just using Pandas to import some data, nothing more, no loops, no if statements, no analysis of the data. Continuing being quite dissatisfied with this certificate.
This course was not well designed. It needs intensive editing and rewriting.The author emphasize the use of IBM cloud products, but the course needs to elaborate in this area if this is the desired target.Not enough explanations were dedicated to the Python language itself. To succeed you must know some Python before you learn the course, or learn during the course from other sources.
Bad videos.. Many methods and functions in the lab are not explained in the videosTo complete this course I spent most of my time reading documentations and searching to understand what is said as there is no enough explanation or even resources to read from.(Maybe this method suits you but I didn't like it)
This course is awful.  The information is pretty basic and really doesn't teach you python at all.  At the end of the course they hand you an assignment with coding that is way over your head and when it error's out you don't know how to solve the issue.
so many issues with Watson STudio and IBM storage. No help from the instructors or Coursera! wasted so much time on finding solutions . Please go to threads and you would get to know every student was facing the same issue
The exercises were few and mainly required copy-paste instead of understanding. Also, the course was full of ads for IBM. Finally, there were spelling mistakes throughout the text, which is just unprofessional.
Week 5 final project SUCKED .. searching forums for 3 days with a URL that works ubtil it gets to 99% and fails. Really poor
Too fast paced, not very in-depth. Final project is full of spelling mistakes and not coherent with the course. Terrible.
This course is terrible - multiple typos, no support. Final project makes no sense. A total waste of time and money
The final project should have had more guidance and instructions in order to complete in a timely manner.
The final assignment is impossible to do due to lack of information. Where is the database?
Not very good, course materials do not match final project deliverables.
lacks rigor and the assignments were way tooo easy....!! thumbs down!!
I just paid money to let IBM market their cloud services to me.
the last test to pass course nothing is taught about it
Vague assignments- almost everyone gets stuck.
The last assignment is very bad explain
Final Assignment is very confusing
Lots of mistakes and imprecisions. In case of technical issues, staff will leave you alone with your problem after one formal and meaningless reply. The staff does not comment more than once on a topic, even if the issue is not resolved. Get ready to work through your problems with the help of a chatbot, that is in a beta development stage.You have to deal with Watson studio in this course. Oh, this is such a pain... I couldn't even create a new project there dew to technical issues. After getting in a dead end with Coursera stuff I tried to use IBM support and that was so fun, just check it out: reply1:"Hello Alexey blah blah blahRegards Raino Soikkeli
IBM Watson Services Support"solution provided not workingreply2:"Hello Alexey ,

My name is Nigel Terry and I on following up on this ticket as my colleague Raino is off-shift at the moment.  exactly the same blah blah blah Please confirm and I will follow up accordingly.

Kind regards,

Nigel "not working again. no wonder, he gave me the same instructions the first guy did.reply3:  "Hi Alexey,

Nigel and Raino are not available at this time.   I also work with the IBM Watson Studio Cloud (WSC) team.   I do not have access to your services (LOL, same as previous two guys), but I can list them.    exactly the same blah blah blah"and not working again, to no wonder.I am thrilled to find out how many people work at IBM
I strongly suggest that you look into other providers for learning python for data science. As has been outlined by other reviewers, this is mostly a bad ad for IBM's Watson and there is little actual instruction for actually using Python.  As a background I'm a EE with a lot of hardware coding experience (Verilog as well as Perl).  I completed a specialization in Python from another provider and this gave me quite a bit of help as those classes were clear, with a good progression.  In addition I've now written a bit of Python for work so I have a good base.  This IBM course has, at best, cursory instruction on using Python, Numpy, and Pandas.  The instructions are not clear, with poor sentence structure, and terrible grammar, making it difficult to follow along.  Further, Watson is a confusing mess with instructions that use a prior UI, making it tough to figure out exactly what needs to be done to set up an environment.  Avoid.  Just avoid.  Go to UMich or JHU.  Anywhere but IBM.  The only thing I *did* get from this class is that I don't want to go into Data Science: living in Jupyter notebooks is miserable.  But then, I would also rather build things than write reports.  Your mileage may vary.
I was very unhappy with this course. While the videos are fairly informative and useful, the course assignments are laughably easy. They barely require any thought and absolutely don't practice or reinforce any of the skills you learn - I'm pretty sure you could complete them with no prior knowledge based on the instructions alone. I learn better from doing things, not just hearing about them.Usually, this was earn a 3 star rating from me, but the final assignment is even worse. The 'dashboard' you create is a single graph, and the rest of the final assignment is hosting the jupyter notebook on the IBM Cloud... except whoever set up the course forgot to actually upload the tutorial to do so. You can figure it out yourself, of course, but I didn't need to pay for a course to read documentation and figure out how it works on my own.
This is the first time I am disappointed with a module in IBM Certification course. The module Python for Data Science is very poorly organized. The trainers are rushing like anything just for the sake of completing it. There are lot of confusions after listening to each and every sentences. Another big problem which I noticed is the lack of quality quiz questions. The questions are way easy that a school student can answer without any difficulty. Now comes the biggest drawback; this particular module Python for Data Science  offers  nothing but a display of IBM products. It has less focus on Data Science, though the course name is Python for Data Science. Sorry to give such a low rating for this course.
The content is great. Instructors are clearly subject matter experts with a passion for the material. But mostly everything else? Extremely disappointing. Confusing questions asked about information irrelevant to long-term success, labs required neither thought nor creativity, and their r typos all clover the pace. I do not say the following lightly. I learned very little from this course, and what little information I did learn is almost certainly on a thousand random blog posts I could read for free. "IBM on Coursera" led me to expect an extremely high level of quality, one I long to see met at a later date. Right now, however, that date seems nowhere in sight. Please rise to the occasion.
I just want to say one thing: there is nothing, nothing of AI in this course.Just some Python snippets for babies. Are you kidding me ?Sorry, but I am very disappointend. This course is related to data science, you can't put the very basics of Python here, it is like going back, and not  ahead.If Python is necessary, please specify it in the "Prerequisites", but stop making fun of the people who simply wants to learn and study sofisticated technologies. ** Artificial Intelligence.... You call "Artificial Intelligence" making a dataframe from a file csv ?Are you serious ? ** The worst and fake course I've ever took here in Coursera.F.A.K.E. Course.
You learn some basic python coding skills. The pain point is the peer graded project where you have to sign up for an IBM cloud account and Watson Studio account. They are irrelevant to python skills. The instructions (how to set up the connections, buckets, servers, credentials, keys, etc.) are lacking clarity and have sizable gaps. I spent hours struggling with cloud which did not add value in gaining python skills. I would not recommend this course to people who want to learn python.
lots of errors, can't believe they want to charge for this.  Requires signing up with IBM Watson for several exercises which I refuse to do  (more than a little advertising going on here).  I'm pursuing my programming objectives by downloading Jupyter Notebook tutorials.  These are more convenient and of higher quality.  After completing the Stanford ML course, this particular tutorial came as a real disappointment.  IBM can do better.
I speak for almost everyone who's taken this course in saying that the final assignment was the absolute worst. It's terrible not because the concept was difficult (it's not at all), but because the assignment instructions were so convoluted that it took me at least two hours to complete even just setup. The assignment itself should not take more than 30 minutes. Please update the instructions for the final assignment. Please.
Pros: Good introduction course, thank you!Cons: Typos after typos (from comments one could see many have complained about it, for a long time now). The instruction screenshots for setting up the cloud don't match the actual page, difficult to follow instructions. Occasionally outdated methods/functions, which have been removed from the latest version of Python. It's just not what you expect of a reputable company such as IBM!
While the course material is ok the final assignment is the most frustrating waste of time ever. Specifically question five which has you, a complete novice at python, attempt to upload your assignment to IBM's cloud service using code that is so complex that after 5 hours i simple gave up and submitted hoping hat someone would just pass me out of pity, Avoid this like the plague and go learn on codecademy.
Learn experience is very low. There is a lot useful content about python in the course. Unfortunately its basicly watching a video and later repeating it in the laps without relevant transfer.The worst is the final assignment. It is nothing about producing somethin own. Instead you simply repeat given code. The forum is full of people struggling with it, although they do not need to programm on their own..
Course was taught well.There were a couple times that I was extremely lost without direction.If you look at the discussion, for week 5, everyone has the same question, looking for the location of the data for the final. You really have to dig to find it. Like they could have easily posted where the file/data was. I spent more time looking for that document than I spent doing anything else
Full of typos, mis-transcriptions, looks like it was put together by a summer intern who never bothered to proof-read it before leaving to go back to college but IBM slung it up on Coursera anyway.I was never under any illusion that Coursera had any notion of quality control anyway, but I would have expected IBM to have someone skim through it before selling it.
In a peer-graded assignment, the course is teaching new concepts such as the use of bokeh library, boto3 etc. The course isn't even teaching the basics of the same. I have struggled for like 3 days to solve a couple of questions. Moreover, response time from teaching staff/instructor is too high.Course could have been better.
It is exceptionally poorly designed. Most of the time, the labs and the examples in the videos are the same.  The explanations do not provide the logic behind but superficially talk about its function. I would not be able to learn much if I had stuck to this course as the only source of learning.
This is not a course where they tell you the concepts of the Data Science behind or make you learn Python with multiple assignments. It is more of getting userbase to make use of IBM's cloud.Nothing much taught in this course. I could have better utilized my time learning myself.
Horrible! Title looks great on a resume but content is very disappointing. Videos are text-to-speech, peer review for assignment, no instructions for using Watson project, outdated instructions (when your browser accepts to show you the instructions), a nightmare.
The final assignment has totally incomplete information and I wasted a lot of my time figuring out things like data set, dashboard etc which are the details usually well defined in other courses. Really a bad assignment formation. Needs fixing for sure
I was not able to complete the Peer-graded Assignment. The Free Cloud Storage service provided by IBM is pathetic as I was not able to add the storage instance to my project. Tried reaching the team but still couldn't resolve the issue.
All the codes are filled in and you don't get ample opportunity to do them yourself. It's too easy to just skim through this class, and requires little thinking. Further, the videos sometimes rely on deprecated functions.
Need to review the video contents, too quick, weak method of delivering information.I have went through some courses on Python, they are much better than this one.first time bumped into this mediocre course in Coursera.
i get error :  "This item will be unlocked when the session begins.This session has not yet started. You may access this item after the session starts on August 26, "but today 26/08/2019 , i can't access this course.
The course assignment was very very difficult, I think it would be toughest task for non programming background people to complete this course, it should be less difficult so that new peoples can perform it easily.
An extremely basic overview of Python, and a poorly done one at that. Someone with even a bit of Python knowledge will learn nothing at all. For others there are much better alternatives available online for free!
The subjects taught were hastily taught at a very rapid pace. Also the assignment steps weren't clearly mentioned and coupled with the Watson Studio problems this course was definitely the worst till now.
The labs are broken on this course, going by the forum discussion they have not worked for some time.I would encourage IBM or other sponsor of the course to update/fix it ... or Coursera to remove it.
I don't recommend this course.They say it is for beginner's but i am telling u if you are a beginner don't use course era .Your time and money is precious.It is as if a machine is reading .The worst.
The instructions are outdated and the instructors do not care to reply. I am stuck on the Week 5 project and there is no solid solution provided to solve the issue. A really pathetic experience here.
The worse way to teach programming! Week 5 is horrible! I can't believe and don't believe any positive reviews about this course. I cancelled my subscription after this course.
The course is artificially extended through content locks, so that students who wish to finish it have to pay at least two months worth of a course you can finish in a weekend.
typos and the leaps in logic are dramatic.  the lessons versus the final project are significantly different.  i am not satisfied with this course.
Poorly written labs and assignments. I ended up spending more time to make sense out of them and set things up than I spent on learning python.
Many of the queries went unanswered and IBM Labs were not working half the time.Regret taking this pain for this course.
Awful peer assessment at the end with confusing interface that does not work. Do not waste your time and money with is
Getting assistance in the forum for this course was hell. Good basic information executed poorly by mods and staff.
Advertising for IBM.. course content does Not prepare you for the peer reviewed assignment.  Expected more.
IBM badge will not be generated even after completion of course...several students are facing this issue.
Instructions are not clear at all! Mostly have to google it, teaching staff are not receptive as well.
I paid for this course. Now you won't let me go and see the next week course in advance? Ridicoulos
Working on Watson studio is so poorly instructed. No one replied on the forum. Utter waste of time.
Weak content, I didnâ€™t like the robot that reads the lessons.The assignments are the worst part.
Horrible. It won't teach you how to code but it will ask you coding questions on the quiz
This was Python for beginners, the exercises couldn't have been missed even by a child
Not a good course. I'd scrap it and try something anew more like the chatbot courses.
The functions and some other parts are very cumbersome and not explained well.
Videos going too fast and not very good quality. Also, labs have many errors.
Very poorly designed and inconsistent course!!!! Wasted time and money!!!
robotic voice. not enough explanations, not enough exercises.
Seriously, please stop begging us for using your products.
Please update the contentSlides are still from 2016/2017
Lab environment was down all the time. Useless trash.
course is not upto mark and not for real beginners.
Really poor course, and not well explained at all.
Got no certificate after completing the course
Simple coursework and some labs do  not work.
Looks to hard for me at this current stage.
Very difficult to follow for begineers
Read my week 5 forum post.
Boring and tasteless.
Very very basic
As in the other parts of the certificate, the tasks are simply too easy. The content in the videos (many typos!!!!) are really valuable but the tasks man... Only the surface of the surface will be discussed, no deeping down into the wild. In this course the libraries numpy and pandas are presented but in the final assignment we actually don't needed the libs... When I read the description of the final assignment, I was excited because I assumed we will need to code EVERYTHING ourselves. So really do the thinking of how to solve the requirements, testing it in a notebook out, reading the docs, discovering new cool stuff... But unfortunately my dream did not come true. The most exciting function was already provided and some of the answers were little bit of copy and paste instead of really recalling newly learned knowledge. Before this review I really wanted to give 4 out of 5 stars but after writing this review I will now give only 2 stars. Actually, 2 stars are in my opinion unfair, since the creators have put a lot of time and love in the course content. Unfortunately, so much potential is thrown away
The programming assignment had errors and it took a long time to figure out  (e.g. wrong endpoint was specified).  I ended up having to waste a lot of time on this.
Seems to teach fundamentals but the final graded assignment had very little to do with what was taught
The course covers the content taught in a very superficial manner. I do not think that after completing this course anyone is able to use python for anything really. The course does do a decent job of introducing you to the very basic principles. It simply was not what I expected. The time estimates are way inflated. This course can be completed in 1 week. The final assignment is not at all challenging. The course makers provide the code that does the hard part. The final assignment's instructions are outdated (screenshots are), unclear and could defenitely be polished for clarity. It's evident that the course makers have not QAed their course recently at all.
Honestly this course isnt very good. Lightning quick wizz through Python and the final test was barely related to the learning materials. The process of test submission is very poor. I think this course overall reflects badly on IBM.
Python Course was informative and actually ok, finished in 4 days. HOWEVER, it then took 2 weeks to sort out "IBM issues" before I could submit coursework!!
Really dry, and the external tool they want to use gave me a "502 Bad Gateway" response. So I guess I'm not completing this course.
Too many cloud issues...
In my opinion, this course goes all over the place. The video lessons are thrown at you too fast, it's hard to grasp anything really, It's not well structured at all.. I was fortunate enough to have some basic Python knowledge before this, so I could get a thing or two.The final assignment should be greatly rethought, even scrapped for something that actually lets people put their lessons to good use. The last two weeks are spent on methods and some basic data analysis functions, which is good and all of a sudden we are tasked with making faks album covers... A good improvement would be to create an assignment which lets people practice a lot of things shown in the course, not copy pasting some code and rewriting a function...
The course is a brief whizz through Python and could be good on its own as a refresher for those who already know the basics of Python, however it is the final assessment that spoils the course - this assessment was probably written by different people who did not see the course itself. It does not test your Python skills, but rather your ability to set up IBM Watson Studio and IBM Cloud Object Storage, which is a pretty fiddly service for the uninitiated. Did I learn anything useful from this assessment? Probably not. There are far better Python courses out there, e.g. check out the one from the Higher School of Economics.
Maybe it's a good introductory course for Python, however, I got an impression that the authors gave up three quarters into the course.  The labs become more of a reading material rather than a place where you can practice a hands-on approach. The final assessment - omg, I fail to see any relevance between the course material and what is expected in the final assignment! The only lesson I have learnt from it is that I shouldn't trust online courses to learn a subject. I would not recommend this course to other people.
I'll start with saying that whoever designed this course knows nothing about how to educate people. Have you tried going though it? The video lectures are read by a voice that sounds like a robot. Also, majority of things taught here have zero context on how we can use them to solve actual data problems. The final exam is a joke, not because the course is good, but because it's objectively speaking easy. Overall, an educational disaster.
It has some errors between the narrator and what's shown on the course.I had to rewatch the videos a few times to understand that what was being shown wasn't the same thing the narrator was explaining. Also, the submission of the assignment wasn't working and nobody from Coursera would step in to answer/fix the issue.
The course content is good while the final assignment is not related to the content or even the labs and it will be quite difficult for practitioners with non-technical background
I was expecting more about Data Science, as mostly was a quick introduction to Python. It took one afternoon to do 5 "weeks" of work. Perhaps too easy to be connected with IBM.
The end assignment was difficult and the dashboard component as well as IBM clould storage and bucket didn't provide ample examples to follow in the course work.
Failures in grammar, logic and wording.
Generally, the course is very informative and useful.However, the Python for Data Science and AI course is anything but helpful.The course requires the students to open a free IBM Cloud account, which is practically impossible in my case for unknown reasons.The IBM Cloud service is essential part of the certificate program, as it is used in most of the courses, but, however, impossible to use.IBM Watson Studio is a tool developed for Machine Learning and a part of the IBM Cloud service and an essential part of the course, but can not be used without a cloud account...I think the above sentence says it all.Through threads in the forum I requested a solution for my issue, which many other seemed to have. I received a few answers to my inquiry, suggesting a few workarounds like using a non-generic e-mail or at least a GMail, changing my network settings and so on.None of them seemed to work.The solution that was suggested at the end was to download the file from a suggested link, run the code locally and upload the result to GitHub... Seriously?!... o.0A few e-mails sent to IBM Cloud support remained unanswered.The saga above, as well as the lack of exercises, non-working code in the lectures and LAB really made me question my choice of certificate... The course does not contain much more information than the one you will find in the book by Murtaza Haider, parts of which are included in the reading sections of the course. If you are wondering if it is better to spend $35 each month on Coursera, or to buy the book for $20 and learn the same stuff... Well, I think you have your answer. I would not be recommending the course to anyone, as I am not sure If they will cope with the frustration around the process of finishing it.
Sometimes I got freaked out when I completed a course with flying colors and still felt like I didn't understand anything. Unfortunately, that's exactly my experience with this course, Python for Data Science and AI offered by IBM.If you are attracted by the title, or by the name IBM, then I advise you to stay away from it. There is nothing remotely data science or AI in this course. It should have been called Introduction to Python ,or Python for Beginners, but there are much better courses on this topic, such as those offered by the University of Michigan.Here is why it is bad: All the videos feature the same robotic voice rushing through basic concepts as if someone is just reading from a textbook. I wonder if the narrator is an AI, not a real human. I could have overlooked that if the content is actually good. In contrast, its scope is very narrow, even for a beginner course. There is no walk through of common Python challenges and mistakes to solidify the concepts. and again, you are going to pick up more Python knowledge from other courses.Worse, the exercises just promote rote learning and the ability to use IBM's products. There is just not enough practice exercises to help learners understanding. Most of my time spent on this course is actually dedicated to figuring out how to set up IBM Studio, or whatever it is called. I doubt anyone is going to benefit anything from this course. I've always admired IBM's achievement, but it takes another skill set to deliver a good online course.
The first three courses in the Applied AI specialisation are much better than this one. During weeks 1-4, it remained a mystery how you're supposed to apply the content of the videos in practice. The videos are ok, but by far not as good and easy to follow as other videos here on coursera. In week 5, the final exam felt like completely out of the blue and not comparable to the weekly quizzes (which are far to short and easy to really be informative about where you stand).I would not recommend this course, I myself only followed through with it because it is part of the specialization. I would say I got a first impression of Python, but so far I wouldn't trust myself with writing any code and I don't feel like I've gained long-term knowledge.If I ever really needed Python in my job, I'd start over and take another course.Note: in my experience, this is an exception. I've liked the other courses I took on coursera (some of which were also by IBM) much better!
The lectures are very focused, which is positive. Unfortunately, there are no lecture slides to download. The lecture voice is possibly machine-generated and there is no indication of empathy, which is kind of a cultural shock after having passed four of Dr. Chuck's great python courses. For unknown reasons I had to open each quiz twice to be able to submit. IBM's Developer Skills Network hosts the Jupyter notebooks and I wasted a lot of my time facing missing notebooks, timeouts, dying kernels, and slowly starting Docker containers. I'd rather like to download the notebooks and run them on my local machine (I found out how to do this by end of the 4th week). The notebooks are filled with IBM advertisements. A registration at IBM's Watson is necessary, but the setup descriptions are outdated and the setup is not uncomplicated.
1. I wish the labs had more doing and less reading. Especially since the labs and the videos cover pretty much the same stuff. 2. There are small errors everywhere in this course! It would be so much better if they just had one human take the time and go through the entire course from beginning to end, fixing any mistakes. For example sometimes the quiz questions in the videos pop up right before they explain something, not after. One of labs contains a table that is illegible. One of the labs asks a quiz question not covered by the lab itself. And the first to graded quizes are before the labs and they clearly should be after. I'm only in week two and these are all the mistakes I've found so far.
I was really unimpressed with this course. There were many grammatical errors throughout the lessons, labs, and the final assignment. The lessons move very quickly and the quizzes are not challenging. I would have liked the quizzes to feature more code-from-scratch questions. The labs did have coding questions but were also very easy. I never felt like the material 'stuck' with me. The most frustrating part of this course was the final assignment which tested us on concepts NEVER introduced during the course. The discussion forums reflected this as many other students were very confused as to how to complete the final project. I would not recommend this course.
The instructions for IBM Watson need some work for those of us who are not actively involved with that environment.  I also utilized my "free" processing in a previous class (due to the same instruction complaint) and had to contact IBM support to resolve over the course of 5 days.  I suppose the good news is that I am now much more educated on IBM Watson through trial and error coupled with customer support.  It should be noted that a set of instructions from IBM support and a 7 minute phone call resolved my issue which I am pleased with.  However, it took ~5 days to log a ticket and get to resolution.
Contents are simple and easy to learn. However, It covers basis aspects of Python programmingBut I expect more in-depth practical examples and exercises. I think the course should includes more projects. The most confused part is about IBM Watson I personally not quite 100% sure what is the goal to include that platform in this course and moreover what does it actually help the future ai/data engineer or scientists. Because most of the time, I was talked about configurations and stuff which I am doubt it will be helpful!
Very disappointing unfortunately. In the video lessons and tutorials all the examples are far away from the "real world" examples. I didn't have the impression that the learning material helped me prepare for the final assignment. Also the explanations in the tutorial are very vague and misleading and partially using obsolete screenshots that don't match the current naming and navigation. I had the impression that I spent more time dealing with the lacking precision of the descriptions than with writing the actual code
This course was just irritating on so many levels. While it does give you an introduction to Python (again many free tutorials online) some/most of the end section exams have 3 questions which is just crazy.  Many questions within the videos appear before you get to the answer in their explanation. I found this frustrating on many levels. The course uses Juptyer notebooks without ever explaining the interface. This is the first Coursera course that really makes the question the quality of the course on here.
Too many problems with the last assignment1) The code given is insufficient to make the graph. A helpful student posted the extra modules you need to import.2) Instructions unclear about how to set up bucket. Caused lots of problems for many including myself3) Type in the assignment says "Submit to IMB Cloud" REALLY , you pay that little attention to spelling you cant' get the course create name right?
Content is great. Speed is a little fast for some chapters so had to slow it down. I have a little bit of background in Python so I could keep up. What I liked was having practice problems in the Lab, but there were some labs were there were no practice questions so we couldn't really test our knowledge. Overall good introductory course, but could have been better with more interactive questions.
The course is good, the contents and the difficulty are fine. As negative points I can say that the tests were blocked (I paid to have the certificate) and I could not finish the course before, even having time to do so I had to wait. Very little or almost no support from both Coursera and the Staff of Teachers in the Forum. No one answered the requests to be able to advance in the course.
The first 3.5 weeks go over basic programming skills like what variables are, conditionals, loops.  The last week and half go over briefly using Python in a data science setting, which is just using pandas and numpy.  The title of this class is misleading.  I figured we'd start doing Python coding from the beginning.  Most of the code is already done for you.  Disappointing.
The course was not designed and taught properly. Although python language is very interesting, but this course presented it in a very boring way. I couldn't understand the bigger picture in this course and its relevance to AI. Practice assignments were not enough. Compared to other IBM courses in this certification, this course was definitely not of the standard.
I feel overwhelmed by the amount of information presented in the course and frustrated that you don't really get to practice what you learn. Most of the labs (if they load) already have the code entered and you just run it. You can play with it if you want, but I don't feel like I really retained all the coding and syntax that was presented.
There are simpler ways to present information.  The narrative was extremely fast paced.  I found myself having to slow the narration down quite a bit.  The course was not for me and I will seek to learn Python through a different means.  I do appreciate the limitless opportunities to test and run your code, which is why I gave two stars.
The course is too easy, there are not enough examples for self-practicing. The examples should demand enough effort to get rid of people who are just "certificate collectors". After all, the value of the certificate will be almost zero, anyone how just wants and has money to pay the fee is able to get it.
It jumps to some slightly more advanced code without enough explanation or breakdown to explain how to use it for other things. A ton of stuff in the labs does not work when trying it out for yourself. Seems a little packed with information that should be expanded upon over the several more weeks.
Good course but needs a major review. Some things are wrong, others not very precise and vague. Video lessons are often a bit sloppy (misaligned graphics, questions come seconds before the answer was given and the like). Overall feels a bit unprofessional and could use some polish...
felt very unprepared for final assignment. Week 5 assignment would only be appropriate if we had a video walking us through, and explaining the specific requests, and the why and hows of each point of the task. then it would potentially be a great way to finish off this course.
The course material is ok (a bit to basic) but personally I don't like robotic teaching. I prefer to see the profesor during the online course. The last assingment isn't very well explained and is a Little bit confusing the section of grading peers with the section of complet
The Peer Assignment did long go along with the lessons. It was almost completely unrelated. You need to include a lesson work with XML if that is going to be the Peer Assignment for this course. The videos need to be updated. The audio and video don't match for some lessons.
The labs did not always function properly, I found the external sites to be spotty (both IBM and the python lab site) as far as their reliability.  I suggest that for the python labs that there be an alternative like downloading Anaconda to run Jupyter notebooks locally.
more improvement in teaching can be done as only 3 quiz was there in most of the section if quiz from each topic should be present in my way min 10 question should be asked whether passing criteria can be reduced because when we do question boost our confident
The video lectures barely scratch the surface of Python's capability and the notebooks are littered up with advertisements.Also, the quizes do not show up the right answer in case you made a mistake.The final assignment was interesting  though.
This course does not prepare you to use python outside of IBM's platform. It makes no effort to teach you how to use any of it's libraries of functions outside it's Watson nonsense place. I know less now than I did when I started.
Was quite the challenge. Without the help of peers, it would be impossible. Course content compared to the assignment were very different levels of difficulty. Assignment was much more difficult. Instructions were somewhat vague
The overall course is decent , it could have indulged in a deeper python understanding but the exercise were fine.The final assignment in week 5 has no explanation or resource and is just left for the peers to do on their own.
Explanations were ok, but almost no real exercises, quizzes are far too easy and the final exercise was also absurdly simple. Courses need to have more exercises to give students the opportunity to really learn the material.
The material of this course was helpful in understanding Python, however the final peer graded assignment was very confusing. The instructions were not clear and also it tested skills that were not taught in this course.
very useful one but the content didn't update yetI was lost when I started Week 3 as the steps for us to follow isn't sync with the actual platform in IBM studio already. Appreciate the organization will update it
This course doesn't match the quality of IBM's other courses in the AI certification. There are many typos, the videos aren't engaging, and the labs also have errors that make working through them confusing.
I wish I had had more opportunities to practice coding in the labs. Many of the labs exercises were already solved, so I couldn't memorize the codes as much as I wanted to. The lectures were good though.
The course is ok but the lack of valid practical application is an issue. The course does not prepare you sufficiently for the final exam- some of the topics are not even covered in the course.
the course should focus on the skills of data querying and sampling, it does not explain matplotlib and how to improve data sampling, although it is a course for beginners, it has many errors
Half of the final assignament points were not explained along the course. NUMPY is very tricky for the amount of time used to describe it. Anyways the methology of the course is intact
The course is somewhat useful but very shallow and stretched too thin to cover several "weeks" required to make up a course.The course can be done in an evening without any problem.
I thought it would be more interactive. The tools we use for assignments should be embedded into the course and not be external links. The course goes from beginner to advanced.
The content of the course is Python for Data Science, but your final project is graded very little based on Python and is instead based on your knowledge of IBM Cloud Storage.
Video's stop abruptly without completing sentences - especially when displaying quizzes.  Labs and assignments are not clear and/or complete making them difficult to follow.
Informative yet some of the videos contain errors and the final assignment requires a lot of time for just signing up to various systems to be able to complete the task
Easy introduction, Week 5 assignment is poorly integrated and will cause you to spend a large amount of time just uploading and sharing your dashboard to the IBM cloud
Good content but a real hassle using their notebook for the code. Also, I felt the final project had very little to do with the coursework from the previous 4 weeks
Badly outdated and full of confusing typos, lazy display production, and useless quizzes. Luckily, I already knew all of this stuff before starting the course.
The lab has to tie more into the coding part of Python rather than the theory and basics of it. Took awhile for me to grasp it with the help of other books.
The pre-work and video modules do not prepare you for the final assessment well enough. Lots of external videos and conversations within the forum required
This IBM Watson an the whole ecosystem is not documented well and too complex for this beginners course. This course has taught me to avoid IBM software.
I found the course not suitable for some one with no knowledge about data science . Some of the course material was not for someone with no experience
Assessment was more to do with publishing on IBM Cloud rather than Python. Time consuming trying to clarify instructions rather than learning Python.
Theory, practice, evaluation: video, lab, quiz - nothing unnecessary, straight to the point. Great! But the final project was very difficult for me
The course was going OK, then in week (4) they started going very fast with little explaining to do & the final test was not with the course level
The course is smooth but the final assignment did not explain things properly and because of that, it is very difficult to complete!
I was pretty good until I got to week 4 and had to create an IBM Watson Studio Account and I was never able to complete that step.
The last peer reviewed assignment was way too difficult. There was a knowledge needed that wasn't taught in the previous courses.
Needed more hands on questions and not the same ones as in the video. Expected more from an IBM professional certificate.
Very confusing navigation and setup. Videos are rushed and extremely hard to follow, could've easily been twice as long.
Super basic content.  If you have a minimum knowledge on python and pandas I do not recommend enrolling in this course.
Too many things and no real practice, students would need to practice a lot more to consolidate all the information.
Very, very basic course. Mainly a marketing tool for IBM Cloud. If it would've been free it would've been worth it.
Really average course, confusing in terms of what is expected for us to know and what is part of an exercise
Peer graded should be reviewed by more than one person because the person reviewing mine has made an error
Don't take this up if it's your first time studying python. Videos are fast, and narrative is confusing.
IBM Watson's interface does not match with the tutorials. Please update the videos as the interface.
Grading by peers is not very logical and productiveWe don't need to wait 2 months for grading
Some information on the course is not accurate, and the end of the program had lots of bugs
Exercises are poor. The quizzes are simplistic and there is not enough hands-on exercise.
The basic training on Python is good.The IBM software training was not at the agenda.
Helpful in gaining exposure to pandas but there are many typos in the instructions.
Very, very basic.  It took less than 4 hours to complete a "5 week" course.
What they teach , assignments are totally different very hard for beginners
Homework was poorly explained which made the task difficult to complete.
This course could have been more detailed and with better exercises.
The course material was not good enough to complete the assignments.
Final Assignment posting is confusing and instructions DO NOT help.
Course material is just too bad, Explainations are very bad as well
Instructions unclear. Required forum for certain things to work.
Lessons are easy and don't really relate to the final project.
There were numerous errors, and it was hard to follow.
The content is abit outdated with links not working.
Explanation not satisfactoryAnimations are very bad
Only worth an introductory course.Better avoided.
Good for basics. I was expecting something else.
There is no deep contents for AI in this course.
Lots of typos in labs, which are not graded.
the lab is not clear and missing
to many time spent on IBM Watson
Very confusing final assignment
poor instructing
robotic teaching
Overall, the course lectures are highly condensed and fly by very quickly. I'm familiar with Python but I still had to go back and review them a few times. Would prefer the video materials to be reviewed more slowly and deliberately.The final project is a mess. The instructions don't direct to the correct notebook (U.S. GDP data) and that link has to be found from the forums. I could never figure out how to get the JSON credential data of my IBM Watson "bucket", so, my "dashboard" never got generated for my project. After spending several hours on this, as I had scored 100% in the rest of the course, I decided I was going to lose just a few points for this, so, in the interest of time, just moved on.
Not a beginner's class but a sufficient survey/review of Python for people who have seen it before. Much like some language classes will prepare you to read French but not to speak French, this course will probably prepare you to read Python programs but you won't be sufficiently prepared to write your own. Does not provide opportunities for meaningful practice. The instructions in the videos are often vague or misleading (especially with naming of variables) and there were several instances where I (an "advanced beginner", generously) had to de-bug the examples and instructions in the Labs to get them to work.IBM was clearly sloppy when they put together this course, and that is reflected in the quality of the learning you'll obtain. Again, a fine generalist's overview but will not prepare you to use Python in a meaningful way.
I learned a fair amount in this course. It was a good anchor with which to start learning Python. However, I don't know if I can recommend this course in its current form. There were so many typos that they rendered the 'correct' answers for some test questions incorrect, and I'm left wondering what wrong answer to choose from. The instructions for the final project were so unclear that I ended up having to do several workarounds -- including setting up a whole new IBM Cloud account, as well as going to Stack Overflow and YouTube to find solutions. After the typos and the poor instructions are fixed, then I would rec
The illustrations were excellent, the pauses for quizzes were abrupt and disturbing, the Fake album cover was not relevant to any business use I would have, and the materials were out of order in the listing.  I eventually and painfully figured out a solution using a function I created from the clues I had at hand.The 2D NumPy quiz was a mystery to me.  Too much material was presented all at once and I probably confused some concepts in 2D.  I have never used matrix math before...
The course was informative with useful elements to useHowever the final assignment had nothing to do with the whole course. the labs were just touching on the code and I expected the final assignment to put everything into practice. The instructions also not clear in the assignment - I got more help off the discussion forums else I would have never completed the final tasks
Not the best course imo: almost no relevant exercises, there are visible small mistakes and formatting errors present. It seems, that authors didn't put too much effort to make the course to be of really high standard. It's good if you need to get a certificate in this field quickly but don't expect to obtain much of knowledge.
Honestly I found the course great but found the last assignment really hard. I legit had to use the Discussion board to help me do this assignment an even then i have no clue what I am doing. The instructions were really vague and wasn't pointed to being a complete beginner.
There were some errors in the notebook code and some of the video quizes asked questions about things that hadn't been covered yet.
Final exam poorly designed and written. Frustrating experience trying to find solutions. Needs a rethink and more structure.
the questions given in the final project are not covered by the course materials
I had some programming knowledge (C++, matlab) when I begun this course. It was easy to complete but I tried to make it more challenging by paying extra attention to the details. The questions that popped up while watching the videos were good at making it somewhat interactive. The quizzes were maybe too easy (most of them had only three questions per quiz). I found the labs very helpful, could use some more practice exercises. It felt like a self-paced course, I would like it if the instructors were more involved in the forums and the grading. Basically, the questions at the forums were answered by fellow students (if someone could help) and also the grading was exclusively by peer-grading. All in all you can gain from the course by putting some personal effort..it also makes it easy to just browse through the questions and get a completed mark nonetheless.
I found the premise of this course effective and the introduction to python and everything it encompasses was great. However, the section on numpy the labs didn't work, it wasn't explained why numpy is so useful in terms of matrix multiplications (am sure we will find out but even just a quick blurb / insight to link understanding), there were no case studies in the latter half which made it just information dumping. And the final section on API also didn't clearly explain why they were so useful. There was a lot that this course could have done - fingers crossed the content improves in terms of explaining larger picture too.
A lot of passive exposure to basic structures of Python , but desperately needs more practice examples and more explicit exercises using code.  The instructions for the final activity make a leap several steps past what is presented in the videos and asks that you figure out how to do multiple steps of code without any actual practice coding prior to that.  Says its for beginners, but does not teach for beginners. Coursera needs something between Python for Everybody, which is super slow, and something like this, that assumes you intuitively get it.
Weeks one to four are good. Week 5 is full of mistakes. You lose a lot of time for correcting stuff instead of actually learning them. The assignment takes double time just because of the corrections in the given instructions. The data that you have to load in order to complete the assignment are in the wrong address! More examples and coding should be included in week 5.
It might give you all the things that you need for programming in AI and data science but dosent give enough practice to make you feel comfortable with what they teach. They could give few assignments to better the course instead of rushing which overloads the information to be understood and remembered
The assignment is so bad that I had to waste at least 1 hour of time just to figure out why the picture was not changing despite me saving it correctly. I restarted the machine after an hour of research and then it got resolved. THe notebook also behaves weird.
The content was good, but as with most online programming courses, there simply are not enough coding exercises to effectively retain the knowledge long term.
Really basic course.In my opinion it should have more programming assignments and they should be harder.
The final exam had nothing to do with the course at all.  Very poorly thought out.
very basic .could be little advanced
This course is.... odd.  It's a jumbled mess of videos read in robot voice, "labwork" which is "optional", and way too easy to complete (many of them just involve hitting shift+enter over and over again)... assuming that you can get the lab to load in the first place, quizzes which insult your intelligence with how easy they are, one random module (APIs) which is WAY WAY more complicated than anything else in the class, and a final assignment that's surprisingly a nice review of the class.  I actually had to go back and re-watch the videos to complete it.  However, everything I needed WAS in the videos.And here's the weird thing:  all the nonsense about setting up IBM Watson, IBM Cloud Services, IBM Speech to Text, IBM Translator, IBM... (you get the point, you will sign up for a TON of IBM services, and then have to figure out how to get them to work together)... is probably the BEST part of the class.You can learn Python lots of places (and you should.  Please don't count on this class to teach you Python.  Go to codecademy fer cryin' out loud.)  But where else are you going to get hands on time working through frustration and technical problems getting IBM Cloud services to work?  The course doesn't always hold your hand on basic things like getting the labs to load.  Yeah, that's awesome.  You'll HAVE to learn how to use the tools.Please don't take this class if you never ever plan on using IBM again in your life.   But if you are thinking of applying to any job that uses the IBM platform, this course is money.  But yeah, the python part sucks.  There's better and cheaper pretty much everywhere on the internet.
I found this course to be very educational a great resource for becoming familiar or reviewing python and applying it to the Data Science framework for basic visualization. I would, however, recommend taking other basic Python courses first because the labs don't review the language well and rush through them in the videos. It can be difficult to understand the labs and really get the full benefit of the course without having some python knowledge coming in. I would also recommend more interactive questions and coding in the labs. The labs didn't fully reinforce the lesson or apply the concepts learned in the videos. Towards the end of the course, there were no quizzes for the labs (Pandas, Numpy arrays, etc), and I found that I struggled in the final project because of the lack of application.
Take this review with a grain of salt. Let me start by saying I do not have experience programming and the course does recommend Python experience before enrolling. I found the videos hard to follow, as there was no clear outline or natural flow to how the information was presented. The presenter spoke too fast and there was no time to digest the information before moving on to the next subject. I found myself pausing the video constantly and referring to the transcribed text below the video. That being said, the workbooks were terrific and seemed to cover almost everything in presented in the videos. For the final project, I found myself googling how to perform certain functions in Python, because I couldn't find examples to a lot of the code in the very detailed notes that I took.
Most of the lessons are clear, easy to understand and interesting. It's the positive things for me.Now, the negative ones:-The lessons about API (even more part 2) are difficult to understand and not seems to be a beginner level. -Most of the exercise of the lab are the same examples that you can find in the lesson's video and it's redundant and not usefull (it should be better other examples and real exercises with real python program to write since the beginning to the end).-You have to create some IBM clouds account. More than, you lose a lost of time because a lot of things are not clearly explain (i'm thinking to the last optional part of the exercise of week 5)To resume, it's a good training, but you can find better (for example the ones of the university of Michigan)
It's definitely packed with a lot of information and the labs were actually really helpful to understand concepts. Would have loved to see more real-world case studies using larger data sets vs some of the watered down examples we got. The final module and assignment could definitely be improved. Although I took copious notes, I found that some commands needed were never reviewed/ reviewed well enough, and I had to do some extra research online in order to complete the assignment (Python cheat sheets etc). In the future, maybe a module in building dashboards with practice would be useful before assigning students to make their own. Or at least a study guide of concepts to review before going into the assignment (in the same vein as the real-world example point).
This course started off great. The exercises and quizzes for weeks 1 thru 4 were based on the lectures or videos and all was well. Then came week 5 and the final assignment. First the reading on How to Setup IBM Cloud Object Storage needed to be updated. I contacted an IBM Developer and they told me I needed to upgrade my account. I suggest adding the Watson Studio Setup to the Instructions page of the Final Assignment. OR include a link to the Setup Instructions instead of including a link to the Wikipedia definition of GDP. The lectures did not include the information needed to complete the final assignment. Add to the grading rubric for the last question the following for 3.5 points: URL that is incorrect and does not display the dashboard.
The course was informative at the beginning. However, the quizzes in the middle of the videos are too easy and oddly placed. The final quizzes are pretty straight forward too. There's no practice involved as such. The final Dashboard project wastes a lot of time trying to focus on IBM buckets, credentials and setup and whatnot instead of actually teaching how to use python for data visualization and AI. I really believe the course could've been more in sync with the course title. Many of the topics were left off in the middle and were not taught in-depth.
Like many others have said, the interface on IBM cloud is not the same as described in instructions. I ended up spending more time in setting up (or just getting to the place I'm supposed to go) than doing the work. I know I can ask for help in the forum, but I may or may not get a response and if I do get a response, it may be days later. On top of that, the response may or not help in resolving my issue.The material is quite easy. I'm completely new to Python, but still I feel the exercises are too easy.The videos are clear and concise, however.
The course is well done, the Jupiter notebooks are clearly explained, etc.However, despite the rather ambitious title, the course is extremely basic. I think it took me 2-3h to go through the entire course. Based on the title, I was expecting the course to cover also advanced topics such as ways to treat large datasets, etc. It is basically just a very basic introduction.Also, some assignment require signing up for IBM services (for free), which is a bit of a hassle. It would be easier to just use notebooks and automatic grading of assignments.
A decent introduction to the basics of programming in Python, I found the Jupyter notebooks for the labs to be pretty useful. However, the final peer-graded project is problematic in that it outright states that sharing your Jupyter notebook is OPTIONAL, but upon submitting and looking at the rubric for peer grading, I found out that it was one out of five required points for a 100% score. Not a big deal, but I can be a bit of a perfectionist when it comes to assignments, especially finals, so that was irritating to say the least.
The final assignment at the end of week 5 has little to do with what's taught in weeks 1 through 4. This caused a lot of confusion and hence made it very difficult for a lot of the students (as seen on the forum section) to complete the assignment. For help on the final assignment, here's a link to a helpful post by Aronis Mariano, without whose help I would probably not have been able to finish the assignment.  https://www.coursera.org/learn/python-for-applied-data-science/discussions/weeks/5/threads/TkYpqAysEemS0Q4U5mc4kg
There were non-credit parts of this course (specifically on API, and the process to create credentials in IBM Cloud for the final assignment) I was unable to complete because the instructions were erroneous or incomplete. When posting questions regarding these sections in the forums, I received 0 responses. Thus I feel like there are large gaps for me in the course material. I only hope that as I am doing the Data Science certificate program, there will be enough repetition that I won't be completely confused and behind.
A decent quick overview of the basics, and I found it worth my time, but only just barely:  the videos are narrated by a computer voice (they couldn't even find a human to teach it?), some outdated Python 2 techniques are still included, and the whole thing is a bit of a plug for IBM's online services, including Watson, which you have to sign up for to complete assignments. But yeah, it takes you through the motions and teaches you enough Python to drive out of the parking lot, so to speak, so overall it's fine.
I enjoyed this course. However, I felt that there was a huge jump in the complexity of the subject matter between Weeks 3 and 4. I'm a newbee to Python, and Week 4 absolutely did not feel like a beginner's course, whereas the first three weeks were easy to digest. The videos were mostly good and informative, although I found that they rush through the material very quickly. I had to rewatch some of the videos multiple times to understand the concepts. The final project was challenging but enjoyable.
Good for learning basic Python concepts and how to use them in theory. However, do keep in mind that it doesn't teach much about how to use a text editor or any type of software to code and run actual programs on your system. The course uses the IBM Watson notebook, which is implemented in a way with very little practical value. I feel like I came out of this course knowing a lot about Python but to gain practical knowledge and be able to make my own programs I had to research outside of it.
This course is good for python beginners and to also receive a hands-on training for the same.However when it comes to Data science,this particular course does not offer or rather meet its expectations.The final assignment requires an account creation on IBM's Watson Studio,not following which you wont be graded.So that was like a turn-off for me because assessment mostly relies on successful creation of a Watson Studio account rather than the core subject
Pretty solid foundations and labs. Would have given 5 stars but the course lacks coherence regarding the videos and different services(cloud.ibm, skills network labs) that are made available to students.If one is already acquainted with the subject matter it is not difficult to navigate around these wrinkles. New students might find getting lost on silly steps of what the video shows and what the website actually shows adds unnecessary frustration.
While I learned a lot in this course, it could have been a more enjoyable process. The videos and labs basically had the same content. However, the labs are a better learning experience (can run code and see results) but come later, making them less valuable and boring. Please consider having the lab content be more unique, as it was in the previous course. Also, please update the materials as Watson Studio changes.
The videos and labs were helpful and the course does help one learn some Python fundamentals. However, I believe that the labs and quizzes could have been improved. More exercises within the lab environment would be beneficial to promote learning. The weak point of the course is that the tutorials for using IBM Cloud were weak. More information and walkthroughs (including videos) should have been provided.
Good content overall but weird level requirements; the course covers too many basics for somebody who already programs but also assumes a lot and therefore is not adapted to someone who has never programmed.It relies on external platforms that will not always work.Instructional and useful nevertheless, recommend if you're already familiar with data analysis (in R for instance) and want further knowledge.
An adequate python crash course. The level is good for complete beginners. People with computer science background will find this slow. Also, the labs and the lectures are completely redundant, they almost match 1:1, except that the labs often fix a few mistakes in the slides. Don't expect a great numpy intro: you will basically get array creation, indexing and slicing and basic vector/matrix operations.
I am new to python I used it for the first time in this course. I found the course to be well organized. I liked the labs and how they are organized and well written. I found the course to be hands-on which I needed.  I did have some background using MATLAB and found that to be useful, however, there are some differences in the syntax and the data structures. There are not many self-learning assignments
I would have given this course a 4 star rating if they had created the final assignment which would have make some better sense in terms of what this course content and course it about.The assignment had no concept which was explained and in the course and it gets very difficult to understand the assignment. Never been through such a poor one in my entire 15 years career. One of the worst course.
Even it is a nice course to start at Python focus on Data analysis, I hink that the influance in IBM Cloud is too big and take te initial push of the first 3 chapters. Also, if they want to put the focus on that cloud, a more extense tutorials will be needed in that course (mostly, I had to search th "know how" of many elements, wasting time).Overall, it is a good introductory course to Python.
Pros: Concise, Informative, to the Point, Hands-OnCons: Videos narrations were linear and fast, but you could catch in the lab of course. Not for once, I did not interact with the instructor. Some content was just mentioned at the end which I believe was having much for weight and could elaborate more.Thank you for the effort and time to bring education to the world.
The course itself was good but the final assignment seemed inappropriate for this entry level course. Specifically, the final assignment relied too much on pre-prepared code that was not introduced in this course and did not test very much of the knowledge of the course. Overall, the learning materials are good but the assignment wasn't a great end to the course.
This course is comprehensive, but so easy. I haven't found any challenge during studying it! The concepts are delivered in a good way, yet the labs are just repetition of the videos. There's not enough hands on exercises. Everything is with the answers and you got not to try by yourself enough. It would be much better if more challenging exercises were added.
The quizes involving API seem to have technical problems after running the codes provided. Also, in the final assignment, the credentials to be used in the optional exercise don't have information on some of the important inputs for the json file such as access key.  Also, the tutorial which was specified is this part of the assignment was hard to find
As a first time learner, I definitely got a fair amount of info from the course, for which I'm grateful. However, I found the production and editing of the course material extremely sloppy. In the videos, the material is presented at a breakneck pace and the slides are rife with typos, not a great thing for course focused on learning/memorizing syntax.
There are a lot of errors in the Notebooks in this course.  Some grammar is so bad I can't understand what they mean, lots of typos and spelling errors.  The notebooks also did not have quiz sections to apply my learning.  Working out new problems using skills I learned is an important part of my learning process and was useful in previous courses.
The course content is great but the peer review exam is confusing. You really have to bring a lot of patience and determination in answering the final quiz. The resources are not in the content, and you need to research outside. Which I think was the intention (?). So bring a lot patience and just focus on breaking down the steps and instructions.
You learn how to do a lot of functional stuff in Python, but without the context as to "why" you would want to do these things in this language, I often found myself a bit confused. The lectures were a bit fast paced sometimes. It was not well explained how to actually do the work in the labs, and it was often the same material as in the lecture.
Thorough course covering all the basics of Python. The labs were a great way to practice skills i had learnt in the videos, however I found the quizzes very short and of low difficulty. I also had to constantly stop and start the learning videos as they would often race through certain slides. I'd like to see a more challenging course.
Good course if you already have some experience with Python. If you're a complete beginner, this will go way too fast and you won't understand the fundamentals.It would be better to split this course up and go through it slower, for beginners. Or mention this is a course for students with an intermediate knowledge level of Python.
Very much the sort of class where you get out as much as you put in. The labs are alright if you experiment beyond what's requested, but just doing the required questions doesn't teach much. The videos are often vague or misleading and sometimes outright wrong. Only bother if you're willing to do extra research on your own.
please give proper directions on how to use watson studio.give proper directions on how to display he dashboard and URL in the assignmentgive proper directions on how to get the urlexplain the steps for the sameps: there are people with no prior coding knowledge do consider them and do provide proper directions for the same
The project at the end is super confusing and is a huge leap from the hand holding tutorials. I would rather have more exercises building up my skills than one big project where 99% of the code is already done and I am just inserting 5 lines of code that I have to scour the internet to find what they are asking for.
For non native speaker the videos were a bit too fast. it would be great if the interface allows to place the translation on the left or right hand side of  the video.  Also for my self the introduction of the week 5 exercise where not quite clear. much more self coding in the weeks 1 - 4 where also very welcome
Several spelling errors that get in the way of code and even the final project.Directions not always clear, could use a little more refinement.Overall not terrible, just did not feel to par with the prior courses in the certificate (granted, they are less technical.)Hope this feedback helps improve the course!
The content is well organised and presented in simple manner. The lab helps to enhance the understanding. However, the final peer review assignment is a disconnect from the course content, which requires students to google and look for the solution which is totally not related to the content of the course.
While the course is not bad. I had a frustrating time.Notes  are too old, links are not working,  Instruction are not clear and are not up to date. There were even times I  was tempted to terminate my subscription. Please please make the notes up to date and improve the instruction, else shut the program.
The process for learning in this course is throwing pieces of python at you with little context in how they would actually be used in the real world and leaving most of the practical labs to the very end. Doesn't seem this will actually help people retain more than 15% of what they've gone through.
The course generally explains concepts in a good and illustrative manner. The only thing I found hard to understand and wasn't demonstrated with examples is API. Furthermore, I suggest the quizzes and the lab exercises become more competitive and more advanced. The questions posed are very basic.
Interesting introduction into Python, tools and some libraries. It's pretty easy though and i feel like once we reach the files management, Pandas and Numpy we should get some real exercice to practice and get confortable with those since they are super important for what are you aiming for.
All Content of this course is Very Good, But one things is irritated which is the project submission using 'IBM Watson Studio', this platform can't loading easily it is time consuming and Slow platform for data processing. For this course we need a lite platform which is loading fast.
it is a baby class for coding while it is not very challenging and practical. the code is sometimes outdated and is done in a time-wasting manner. one of the biggest problems is that the course refrains itself from using other libraries which are frequently used or common in practice.
This course was frustrating because there were some issues with using the IBM cloud and they could not be solved quickly. As a result I comlpleted the course without completing all the practical exercises, so I missed out and did not get all the value I should have from this course.
This course does a good job of introducing the basics of python. However, the slides in the lecture videos are so atrociously formatted (and riddled with typos), that they have an annoying and distracting effect. Even in a high school presentation these slides would be embarrassing.
Good structure, learning progressively helps. Labs are interesting and allow to learn to code. Two drawbacks: 1) very unequal distribution of work, Week 4 was too long, while Weeks 1 and 2 were light; 2) a lot of mistakes in the course, up to the point of sometimes being confusing.
OK overall, but many links to external resources were not working and how-to screenshots often out-of-date for those services. The analysis side was a little light as too much time was spent on the intro to Python. It would have been better with Python knowledge as a prerequisite.
Good course but there were large gaps in information, plentiful typos, and confusing explanations. As someone who educates for a living, I'd say this should likely be broken down into more than one course and the materials should be reviewed for grammar, errors, and readability.
the material and movies were good, response from teachers to questions was terrible (takes a long time or no answers at all). the gap between the items learned and the week 5 project was too big. A lot of new things that were not mentioned or discussed in the first 4 weeks
First 3 weeks was good and a very fast pace python lesson. When reach week 4 all goes down the rail if someone has no background on data science. Very hard to know what to do in week 4. Don't recommend you to take this course if you have no background in data science.
This course was not great because the explaination was very less and the content was limited. The human touch is very necessary in any course. There was no difficulty level of quiz. It was very easy. The last assignment was moderate. Yep you can go for it if you want
The course itself explains well the content, but the final assignment is a nightmare, because proper and clear instructions aren't given on how to submit it/make it visible online. The assignment submission coding section is much tougher than the course material.
I found the course incredibly interesting. However, the chronic mismatch of instruction to assessments can not be overlooked nor can the outdated course materials that are incredibly difficult to translate into updated software versions at the beginner level.
The videos and readings are great but the final assignment is a bit sloppy. It cant be solved by just following the guidelines, workarounds are needed that deviate from the suggested ways (selecting the correct endpoint, makedashboard command not working).
Overall, the course taught the basics of Python but instructions regarding IBM Watson can be extremely unclear since the notes haven't been updated. Also, the final assignment is kind of a joke since it seems more focused on Watson than material learned.
This is a great course, really useful to get the idea of numpy and pandas, maybe the exercises are easy. I need to say to all the people that we use the watson studio of ibm, using the software may be a headache for many people, read the forums carefully
Good basic introduction to the syntax of Python and its core capabilities. The online coding modules contain a number of errors in syntax. These are small enough that even a student can catch them and make the corrections to make the code run properly.
very good course for python basics as well as for numpy and pandas libraries , the last assignment is not clear at all in the second part for me , it requires a practice for codes that was not explained in the lessons and the description is not clear
Too many spelling mistakes in the notebooks, too many errors in the slides w.r.t indices in slicing, completely goofed-up video on matrix multiplication.Content is very well done and well-delivered. Lack of attention to detail was the main spoiler.
Initial topics in the course are well explained and cover the basics. In the later part, course rushes to complete the content rather than trying to explain it. Complex and important aspects required to solve practical problems are major missing.
Overall I felt that it could have been presented better. More interactive things while the training was playing in the background and allowing another pop up screen so that people could write some of the code while the course is being taught.
There is No proper Guideline to setup IBM watson studio..It is very difficult for beginner to setup an IBM wastson studio account.The Guideline which is given in course is outdated.In the latest version The Interface has been totally changed.
it may be in more detail and informative pandas library are very difficult to understand in this lecture series try to do that it more easy way and do some example and all....thank you so much....otherwise course is very much good
Please provide better instructions for graded assignments, and please include relevant video or tutorial sessions on topics presented in the homework (many topics were newly introduced and confusing for beginner programmers).
The final quiz doesn't pose data link in the assignment. Some people already have Studio account, don't need to follow the steps to open new account, had hard time to find data. Really cost me couple hours to find data....
There are several typos in the slides of this course. I hoped the final assignment would be more meaningful in the sense that it would evaluate the knowledge of students on large set of concepts learned in the course.
Good and quick run-through of essential python.  Not five stars for many errors on videos.  Practice Notebooks on CC labs had usually correct info, but many videos had frequent errors which could hinder understanding.
Although an adequate introduction to Python, this course needs improvement.  The videos in particular need to be redone so that sufficient time is given to explain these concepts instead of moving at breakneck speed.
Content was great.  The way it was taught and tested was a bit choppy.  Lots of errors in the video and beginner programmers would have a heck of a time completing the final assignment.  You should tighten that up.
'Python for data science' is best  for beginner like me. I learned to work on basic tools of python like list, tuple, loop then pandas and numpy (1D & 2D). Cognitive Labs for these were great source of knowledge.
Online videos are fine. But I wrote very little code and I am not satisfied with the active learning part. On top, TA's answers on my questions or other questions were inadequate or there were no replies at all.
The course is good and it explained fundamentals simply and in a good way. but there are some important parts that was not explained such as potting libraries, it was prepared for students of the class to use.
As a beginner, this course was quite tough to follow. I felt like all of the concepts should have been covered a bit more extensively. The end assignment was quite daunting but in the end it was manageable.
The course material is great. As for the submission portion, I think it can be better structured. The course doesn't cover dashboards yet some knowledge of them is required in order to submit the assignment
Really easy, even for a beginner. It doesn't challenge a learner to learn more on his own. Assignments are like spoon-fed to the learner. There is a strong need to add better and challenging assignments.
Everything about the course was good apart from the final question in week 5. A lot of people had problems with this because it was too confusing. It really needs a video, or explanation on how to do it.
This course assumes some base knowledge, which can be challenging for someone who's inexperienced. Also, the final project includes some coding that wasn't covered in the course, which can be confusing.
Good course. However the current IBM watson environment differs from the course instructions. Thats making it more of a trial and error path to end up at the same place as the instructions tell you to.
I observed mistakes here and there, there are no proper instructions. instructors don't answer in the forums. you will have your questions unanswered fro weeks. course content could be much better.
Sir, Mainly I was looking for NUMPY and PANDAS but I could not find that much content in the same. After completing this course I am not able to remember and apply pandas and NumPy any library.
I like the choice of topics, makes sense from the beginning.However the labs are too easy and repetetive, would be prefer to have to write the code myself based on what I learned in the videos.
There are not many useful information in this course because for example, there are much more numpy and padnas use cases but there are only two or three methods I could learn from this course.
In the course the basics of python are explained well. However, there are barely any assignments where you really need to work with data yourself. Even the last assigment doesn't ask for lot.
It went way too fast and didn't explain any conventions. I have a year of python experience and some of this even went too fast for me. It does, however, have a load of useful information!
When you are a novice it can be quite confusing to get what is happening. The explanations are quick and brief, sometimes leaving you wondering how you are supposed to do the assignments.
Good course, but did not prepare you for the potential errors encountered in the last question of the peer-reviewed assignment.  This seems to be a trend based on the discussion forum.
Some of the examples were broken and the watson links were outdated. Watson has been updated but the training does not reflect it. Otherwise, good content and I did learn some stuff.
Good overview and intro to python. Though many many errors in the voice track and course material.  Seems very sloppy and out of date.  But content was good and thoroughly explained.
I see that much more applications or quizzes on the syntax of libraries and programming languages must be attached to the course in order not to forget what we learned from videos
IBM Watson has changed it's layout a bit. There is confusion regarding a part of lab assignment so it becomes cumbersome to look at solution and still not being able to solve it.
Good material, but very poorly designed final Assignment, especially, people are using the links that other students' worked out before. Hope this can be improved in the future.
the programming task for the exam was  not clear had some issues. For example it did not say you had to shift enter the one section so you would not get errors during the graph.
The final assignment had very little connection with the materials taught. Overall this is a reasonably ok course, however there could have been more practice examples given.
This course gives too many informations in a so short period of time. I would advise to go a little bit slower for people who are not expert in this field, like me. Thanks
The final assignment was confusing like hell. The incomplete instructions wasted a lot of time and seeped in panic. It should be rectified as it is ruining the experience.
Good introduction to py. I would have liked more background bokeh and some of the other library functions work. If you already have a coding background this is very easy.
Course content is good, however the last assignment is not that well structured and most of the screenshots provided for reference do not match the current IBM platform.
Training material is very high-level. I expected more in-depth and more hands-on. And as usual, I do not like Watson studio that much. I would not recommend the course.
I took a regular python before, so this course is easy.  if you have no knowledge of python, this course help u to start data science without stuck in learning python.
The exercises on the Watson cloud were too complicated to set up, I guess that could have been solved quite easy via a Jupiter notebook. Everything elase was great.
Course content is good, however the Watson Studio partsare dominated by the platform complexity instead of the content and the  guides/screenshots are outdated.
Some good content and good explanations in the videos, but the final project is really unclear and focuses more about using IBM software than coding in Python.
For this course, I think it is good in general, because it covers some fundamentals regarding python, however, it needs more practice questions in my opinion.
Fairly good course, but a terrible assignment. This assignment was not testing what we learned but added all sorts of fairly irrelevant different issues.
Some of the instruction at the end of the course was not very helpful and there were some errors with information or links.  Overall it is a good course.
I wish there had been alittle more assistance when I needed it, some things are implied, and therefore can take longer if not explained appropriately
Good course but very superficial, in order to truly create skills to find a job more projects may be needed per course to truly master the concepts.
A fast paced course. Good in some ways. But I feel the course is missing a lot details. And there are waaaaaaaaaay to much typos for a coding course
class is not that much challenging but it's okay maybe this is for beginner but IBM lab tutorial needs some effort to let user use it in daily work
I hoped to have learnt a bunch more stuff on programming in python.It was a nice start though. Full with some nice and practical tips and methods.
Decent intro to python programming. The videos and labs need additional proofing.   The labs need some off script activities in the later labs.
It's an okay course, but it can be betterAnd I wouldn't advice it for total beginners cause they skip steps and sometimes write wrong syntaxes
There's no fun in doing assignment in lab as almost all of the coding is done by them only , although we can learn lots of syntax and tricks .
Course was ok. Some random concept thrown in half way through. Assignment wasn't explained particularly well but overall a good introduction
Apparently the tutorial is a bit out-dated. Not able to generate plot using codes provided in Jupyter. Can't find my access_id stuff either.
I don't think the study material was as informative - the assignment was straight out different to what was taught in the videos and labs.
Good overall if you already have a grasp of python. Lots of mistakes with the coherency of the text vs the things displayed on screen.
Course was easy but instructions for the exercises and the projects were very unclear, confusing, lacking and difficult to interpret.
course is good, but final task is awful! It took me 4-5 times to finally upload it correctly, so other students may have seen my work
The code that the teachers for this class wrote contains numerous errors and poor instructions leading to a great deal of confusion.
Modules Such as Pandas, NumPy, API weren't clear it'd be good if we had a human instructor and the topics were explained in detail
Thank you all for this well structured, clean and concise course. Some in-depth examples on python functions could be more useful.
Week 4 of this course felt very rushed and many of the functions/methods used were not explained, especially in the API sections.
The final test is so hardest than rest of the curse, I think that the curse should be faster in begginer and slower in the end.
IBM Cloud storage has to be explained more deeply, and please update the material according to the actual state of IBM platform
Too straightforward and easy for those who have Python experience. At the same time, it summarizes the main points quite nicely
The Course was disappointing. I worked for IBM for 10 years and thus I can assure that this course is way below IBM standards.
The instructions for the Final Assignment were not clear enough to accomplish without help from either teachers or classmates.
It was good but more programming quizzes should be there.But overall it tests your knowledge with all bases and facts clear.
Most of the topics in Python are covered, but in my experience it would have been better if concepts explained thoroughly.
Quick, well-presented but inadequate introduction to python basics. Especially "pandas" and "numpy" are poorly introduced.
...The data for the last assignment was hard to track, ...Also, the URL link was not supposed to be graded, 100m to a 90.
Links did not work in studying material.  all studying material on old version IBM Watson Studio. Please update material.
Instructions for the last peer-graded assignment were unclear and too complex for the course material that was covered.
numerous typos/mistakes make this more tedious than necessary. english is often stilted making directions cumbersome.
While the content itself was informative, there were so many typos/errors that it was distracting and unprofessional.
Overall course was good.Except for the final Assignment which was really confusing and a waste of time in my opinion
Documentation about the cloud is not updated.Some questions raise before the topic has been discussed in the video.
Course is good, assignment however is filled with errors and is not clear about the use of the different platforms
Not sure if a person who completed this heavy course will be able to use Python freely, but still a good course
Very difficult to navigate thru watson.  also we didnt learn about graphs which was  there in the assignment.
interesting course, but very high level. I was a bit at lost with the usage og IBM cloud and Watson services
The course was quite easy, for my taste a bit to easy. The course on creating an IBM Bucket could be better.
There was nothing new or challenging in this course. Also, I felt the last assignment was not at all useful.
This course might be too easy and I think there should be more exercise for us to practice our python skill
Really had great experience with Coursera and keep loving you and thanks for giving this oppurtunity to me
This class could involve a lot more exercises and projects, including projects that are less well defined.
Decent intro to python. However, it could use a lot more examples to work through to get used to coding.
It was a great experience learning python for data science and AI from my amazing lecturers. Thank you.
The class is good, but the IBM platform is not good and it's so frustrating by using the IBM platform.
The final assignment is more about how to use the storage of IBM then to learn how to code in Python.
The course content was good. I had issues with the external cloud platform and the final assignment.
Need more assignments on Python. Requires much more emphasis on libraries like pandas and numpy.
Best thing about the course are the notebooks. Other than that, the lessons feel rather shallow.
For a non-programmer I found the pace too fast and often did not understand the course content.
Good course ...covers the basics and gives an overview for those who want to understand Python
Assignment 5  instructions were outdated  and confusing and  took some googling to figure out.
Good course syllable, but some tasks, especially final assignment, are raw and include errors.
Was not that good as it should be . The basic part was good and the advanced part was too bad
Good course, well structured: but assignments not always clear and that costs a lot of time !
Basic Course - I would modify the title to reflect something like "BASIC / FOUNDATION / 101"
The python part is good but the pandas is outdated.. df.ix for instance has been deprecated.
it was very easy ,it had just simple concepts which many know ,very less new thing to learn
Pretty basic. Few items, for instance the endpoint link in the assignment, need correction.
Just basics of python. Would appreciate if related more hands-on exercises were included.
Great Course For beginners. I give three stars because i already know all the concepts.
Content is good but course needs to be updated to reflect the changes to IBMs platform
The course is easy for learning, providing us with some basic knowledges of python.
Not the greatest course in terms of hands on experience, but a great starting point
overall the course was  great  but the number of  questions in quiz is quite less.
better to see the instructor not only powerpointand add some details and training
inefficient. inadequate.concepts have been partially taught and are pretty vague.
I feel there was a bunch of stuff missing to complete the peer graded assignment
final assessment should have been more inclusive to things like numpy and pandas
Still need some course refinement in terms of content and examples can be more.
This course is very easy, so it doesn't advance my skills in Numpy or Pandas
good structure but not enough possibilities to practice and "master" python.
There is section in this course where the function is outdated (deprecated)
We scratch only the surface, it does not go deep enough in term of practice
Could be more descriptive with options and the process to execute programs.
The Capitol about API was not useful, the Lab exercices didnt work for me.
Week 5 assignment needs proper instruction and needs to be more organized.
Too little about too much. Nothing is explained and nothing really shown.
Well detailed.However, would have loved to get more learning on dashboard
Only for learning the basics of python. not much on application examples.
The final project can become confusing, and almost impossible to pass
The course could have been more engaging for a beginner level student
There is some incorrect content and videos that do not work properly.
Did not like using IBM Watson - was to complex and not user friendly
Nice training but final assignment's last optional one is not clear
Very good illustration, but in week 3, there are too many mistakes.
Not the best course to take when you want to properly learn python
The course had typos in the final assignment that were misleading.
Could have been a little more detailed with better assignments.
could use a deeper dive into numpy, pandas and their extensions
course is bit slow and API chapter can be taken in more detail
I think the final assignment didn't do justice to the course.
A lot of typos and confusing explanations in the later labs.
I think the python I learned from this course is too simple
some of the instruction in quiz is incorrect and misleading
Doesn't explain some concepts fully and has frequent typos
Nice Course for Beginner and more practical to understand.
It would be good if videos and the watson studio env match
Too basic for my knowledge but it was interesting still.
Final Project was much different the preceding content.
It didn't serve me as much content as I was expecting.
Not very good... there are better courses like this...
I think this course could have been more interactive
Difficult to follow and digest if you're a beginner.
Good Course with effective scope for learning python
it is not easy to follow the instruction of class 5.
More coding related demonstration should be included
Last assignment seemed disconnected from the course.
The labs final project could be more challenging .
more help required for finishing the assignments,
level too low. would have liked to learn more.
This course needs some advanced python for ML
Some of the things can be simplified more.
Please update the Watson Studio tutorials
There is nothing about AI in this course
The course should be updated with time.
Difficulty level needs to be increased
Detail level level is not really high.
Too fast paced. Labs are very helpful.
Very little content for Data Science.
2 stars' deduction for the last lab.
Too general and basic introduction
Difficulty level can be increased
Concise review of Python concepts
Course was not very challenging
Covers good amount of commands
Too much prewritten notebooks.
A lot of info was outdated.
It is a very basic course.
It is very Basic Course.
I think it was too easy.
Very basic and too easy
it was kind of basic
could be better
we need Chinese
It's Ok
Shallow
It was basic Python. You need this to be able to use Python for data science, however the name of the course could have been Python 101.
Good course but final assignment is very poorly designed in terms of instructions.
Very high level overview of Python. To gain skills, you will need lots of practice outside of this class. Good overview. Lots of typos - could use a good proofreading.
This is a terrific course. I would have wanted to give it five stars, the only issue is that some of the videos had incorrect examples.
Some explanations were not so understandable and there were mistakes in some examples of the explanations
The videos are quick, had to keep rewinding to grasp at the details. A slower pace would help beginners.
Good course for beginners but not very detailed
Content OK, some errors on the video slides.
There should be a summary section at the end of all week courses where all the learning items are summarized. A downloadable  pdf copy would be more helpful.Also, few questions of assignments were confusing, where expected end result format was not clear. It would be better if provided a sample output what is  expected.
Great course! Would give 5 stars if the final assignment was better aligned with learning material, it really threw me off and was very hard to decipher in both logistics and technical questions. The last assignment really needs to be improved. Otherwise, great intro course.
Excellent course presented well and labs were good hands-on way to learn...   Could have done without the Numpy sections tho...  Once it started talking about adding/calculating vectors without explaining what they were, i had to skip over it...  But rest of class was great
I like the project, practical orientation of the course compared to more academic approaches. The slides on usage of the Watson Studio features and sharing could be improved. Spent more time messing with that than the programming.  Seemed excessive
The cloud storage question on the final is just a ploy to get us to use IBM products and shouldn't be part of the grade. The course was a good pace and nice, slow introduction for new Python users.
Everything for this was great, up to the last part of the project. The instructions to load to the IBM cloud were some of the most confusing and overtly difficult exercises.
I was going to give it a 5, however, there are some mistakes and inconsistencies in the powerpoint slides. But overall, great courses, and I'm so glad I decided to take it.
I don't like the system for the final project. It took me a long time to figure out things not directly related to python.
A few more hands-on for using IBM Watson studio efficiently would have been helpful. Still it was an amazing course.
The videos are good. The level of assignments can be improved.They are quite easy and straight forward.
The IBM section at the end is depending on the cloud services that sometimes have connectivity issues.
The final assignment needs some editing. The instructions were vague and grammar needs some work.
well structured courses and assignments the quizzes could be more challenging
Peer to Peer assignment was  confusing and misleading.
Thank you for giving the opportunity to learn Python. As for my review of this course, I suggest proofreading the labs before publishing them because they have many spelling errors. Since one of the recommended qualities of a Data Scientist is to be detailed oriented, it would be better for all the English and non-English speaking students to have instruction without errors. This will set a good role model for them to be more aware of their work.Additionally, it would help students who have no prior knowledge of Python to be given some context before starting the labs. There are some labs that expect more than what is explained in the videos.In regards to creating an object in Watson Studio, I highly recommend including Alex Aklson's video in the curriculum. Screenshots that are provided for the labs are helpful, however, the video is more comprehensive, and the step-by-step process eliminates confusion. Please devote more time to the subject of Numpy as it seems to be a vast subject and needs more instruction and examples. Overall, this was an informative course that had an enormous amount of material to cover. Thank you once again and continue teaching thousands of students like me around the world.
The course itself was fine, and the project was helpful. Iâ€™m thankful to IBM to come out with this course. But the Watson Studio part could be very frustrating. It is not really relevant to Python study, but you will have to use the Studio for your final project. I found he Studio to have very complex layouts,  very hard to nevigate, a lack of guidance on the studio itself. I was to give 3 stars as my final project experience was so ruined by the Watson Studio, I definitely spent way more hours on figuring out Watson Studio than the Python part of the studio, and not feel itâ€™s helpful to know Watson Studio as I probably will not use it in the future. But my reasonableness and fairness side told me, the very end of an experience in general puts more weight on oneâ€™s overall experience on something, so a bad ending of it could potentially make me to give a biased opinion, towards the down side, to the experience. So trying to overcome that bias, and being appreciate for IBM to put this course together and Coursera to offer it, I gave 4 stars.
This course was fantastic up until the final project. I could not have finished it without the help of the folks in the discussion forums. The project was challenging, but then getting it into the right system so that it could be graded by my peers was a real headache. My suggestion is to provide more examples of how to access a website and use tuples with variables and numbers. The lesson only teaches us to use tuples with numbers. The explanation said that the project should only take 1 hour. It took me nearly 3 hours, and most of the time was spent googling the terminology and other people's code so I would know how to start. It took me about an hour to figure out how to load the Album Cover project. I think having all of the labs and projects in the left panel was confusing. We are only used to seeing an intro, the project, and the peer review section.
The Course is designed for absolute beginners. I am an absolute beginner. For us, every added element not otherwise discussed in the course is unnecessary difficulty. Absolute beginners don't even understand coding, ibm cloud to the level of the complex questions raised in the course. Think of novice IT students as individuals who have absolutely no idea beyond daily interactions of apple and windows. So when we are asked complex questions, we cannot understand it. But with extra time we eventually all get there. The course is very well designed, but it would be great if the final assignment is made from topics covered in class. We are not at the level of being exploratory in programming! LOL
Completing the course during earlier Spring of 2020 was a challenge.  "Lab Migration" led for great instability and availability of the jupyter lab notebooks required for the labs.  Multiple day outages became more than a minor inconvenience.   Switching between different lab systems was a non-trivial.  It is an IBM provided course, but using IBM watson, is a questionable choice for this class.As an introductory course to Python for data science, course material was at an appropriate level.  I wish there was more time spend on the basic with using Pandas and numpy.  I spent quite a bit of personal time researching other websites to learn more of the nuances of using them.
It was fairly easy to complete and informative. I am giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because of the issues with course materials that came from the IBM older website cognitiveclass.ai/. Several instructions were presented using graphics that is unreadable on higher resolution monitors - even with zoom in browser set to max. They also referred to older version if the cloud.ibm.com and it took a lot of completely unnecessary effort (on part every participant and even some of the course TAs) to figure out how to overcome those. You could hire three tech developers/tech writers for about a week to completely update instructions. Instead 160K participants struggling with them.
Really nice pace - simple to follow and labs were cool (some issues with the lab notebooks not loading up - not sure what the issue was here, but continuously trying to open them seemed to open them finally). The final assignment needed a bit of critical thinking towards the end, as there was no prior teaching of linking IBM Cloud to IBM Watson, so inputting codes from one site to another was awkward and felt hit-and-miss (thinking, wait, is this what they want me to do, or is it this?). Overall, a wonderfully-designed Python introductory course with a couple of teething issues with notebooks. I would recommend the course.
This course was very helpful and full of valuable information. However, I would have appreciated more instances of directed practice. Maybe a few more scenarios in order to practice what I have learned. The labs were very helpful in illustrating each lesson but there was little practice available. I enjoyed using IBM Watson, it seems very useful however some of the instructions were unclear and having to create new accounts for each task was a bit annoying given that I would definitely have to signup to use the services in any substantial manner. All in all, it was a good course but it could definitely be improved upon.
There is a lot of good learning to be had in this course.  There is also a lot of improvement needed to ensure that the instructions in the course align with the IBM Watson web pages, menus, and instructions.  It delays progress because one must try to figure out how to do what the instructions say given that IBM Watson's website has changed since this course was written.  Also, just a note - for videos associated with IBM, there are an an awful lot of typos and "misspoken" sentences.  A good overall review is needed.  That said, I really did enjoy the course once I got into the real learning.
The videos and practice notebooks were well made and informative in a concise way. Even though I had already done Python programming before, I had never taken a basic course on it so it was useful to get a structured intro to some of the basic ways of data structure manipulation that I wasn't aware of. My main minus point comes from the final assignment which is a bit too easy - given the fact that it's a programming assignment you could make an automatic grading system like on many other programming courses on Coursera and make the assignment more challenging.
The course was very informational. I loved the layout of video (intro), then lab (hands on and interactive experience), then quiz (testing what you learned). The only thing I did not like was Week 5 where we worked with Watson. It seemed like we were working on things that we did not learn throughout the course. I would have preferred if we were able to continue working in a python environment outside Watson and using information we actually learned in the course. To be honest, the end of the course was quite frustrating. Overall though, great! Thanks.
I really enjoyed the subject matter in this course.  Sometimes the information presented in the videos is presented in a rapid fire manner, which makes it challenging to follow the line of thought (I'm a complete beginner to computer science/data science).  Also, I (along with other students) experienced some frustration with labs not working/loading.  However, when trying again a day or 2 later, it seemed to work without any glitches.  The final project was enjoyable, but I wish there had been a lab similar to the dashboard project.
The course does a good job with teaching you the general basics of Python. Unfortunately, it doesn't go into details as I had hoped. Moreover, I was disappointed that the final project relies heavily on the lessons learned near the end of the course. Nevertheless, it is a good course since it can be quite challenging for beginner programmers. For instance, you need to retain all the previous knowledge you obtained each lessons. Also, there isn't only one way to find a solution as you will learn in the final project.
This course is pretty much an overview/an introduction to Python. I feel overwhelmed with new concepts and content in week 3 & 4. For assignments and tests, you just need to know that instructors will write complex codes/functions for you and you are tested only on simpler codes at this stage. I found the homework submission on week 5 very interesting and helpful for me to know the implication of using python and libraries in real life. Also, you will discover new solutions to the problems from the peer rating.
The final task using IBM Watson Cloud was very confusing to me so that it take me almost 5 hours to solve the problem. The dealing with Python in the task was not a big deal: the real problem was IBM Cloud setup for hosting my Dashboard as .html and this was not the most important part of a Python course. All the rest of the course was quite useful and helpful. You team could make more intuitive this part of hosting to make the course the great course of Python it can be.
This course provided a very helpful summary of basic Python concepts. For a beginner, I would imagine that the lecturer went too fast. I had to pause and rewind multiple times per section, just to process what was being said. The labs (in Jupyter notebooks) were by far the highlight of this course, with lots of practical examples. As many people have commented, the final project is a bit tricky and has less to do with Python than with understanding IBM data storage.
As a 5 week course it lacked content and detailing, specially introducing python and pandas. Most people including me already have a working knowledge of python so it doesn't matter but the course should have been designed to include all learners in mind.The course also forces the IBM Watson platform to the learners, I enjoyed it but felt that the gradable assignments should be allowed to be submitted in an alternate format like uploading a .IPYNB notebook
Explanation and guidance are very detailed - not much chance to go wrong.  I completed the 5 week course in 3 days partly because it was easy to follow, partly because I could work on it most of my day and partly because the course is pitched at someone who has no knowledge of data structures and programming functions.  I  know those but are new to Python.  I would have liked an additional module explaining how to set up my own Python environment.
The course allows beginners like me gain basic concept for coding in python. The discussion forums is really useful for me to interact with other students, even get help from teaching staff. However, I think the guideline for the final project can be better so that students are able to understand quickly. Anyway, I really thank for all course staff, peers to help me in this python road! Thank you very much!
I am completely satisfied with the course provided by IBM in coordination with Coursera. I love to do the assignments and to answer the quizzes that will quickly assess ourselves just finishing a topic.I highly recommend this course which will cover all the essential python for the one who intends to start hos career in Data Science and in AI.Looking forward to do such great courses offered by coursera.
I wasn't new to Python when I started this course so I can't comment from that perspective. This course is easy and fun for a non-beginner but I can see that going from learning about python syntax to scraping a webpage and drawing on images would seem like a leap to someone new. That being said, the jump is necessary for the rest of the specialization so I understand why it had to be made.
Course was well planned out for a beginner. I would suggest that topics on python libraries such as matplotlib and bokeh should also be included in this course. Its hard to understand the code related to these two libraries being used in the labs. Moreover, the final project should be made a bit more extensive and should require the student to discover additional material on his / her own.
I did not enjoy the final assignment. I ended up having to use a notebook outside of Watson studio. Moreover, I found the array dot function examples confusing because each dic was the opposite and therefore hard to distinguish how the math was being peformed (e.g. a=[1,2][2,1] b=[0,1][1,0]I spent hours on this section and ended up finding out exactly how the funciton works on youtube.
Although I already was familiar with Python but still I was able to learn something new from this course for example how to use Pandas and Numpy and what problem each of them are trying to help you solve. Still a 4-star from my side because I think the course could've been a little confusing for someone not familiar with Python but overall it was good learning experience. Thanks.
Some difficulties faced with the integration with the IBM Watson platform. Without proper technical support and some more extended technical training you may get lost as this is a quite a large multilayer environment. Maybe a dedicated session needs to be devoted to the IBM Watson platform foundation. Overall a very good course providing a solid foundation on Python. Thank you.
Very good course, the fundamentals are approached in a very easy way and understandable, though I think the exercises could be quite harder to train programming basic skills, because if the course does not do that, then just the syntax is explained without the development of applications skills that are far more important than anything else in a programing language course.
the material of the course is awesome, the practices are sufficient and helPful. along with the videos are very clear what to pay attention to. However, the instructions for practices are sometimes confusing. The amount of different applications used were overwhelming. it would be better if work can be done in just one app instead of making many different accounts.
Very basic, assumes no prior programming, which is a relief for most intro courses. Would have liked a bit of what we use some of this for; the course just kinda "starts" and goes along. Lots of typos, too. Didn't like the end project. Confusing directions, and didn't really use the functions we learned about in the course. Lots of google and guesswork on my part.
It is an amazing course where everything is taught from the basic. One can follow the lectures very easily and can apply it. Video lessons are good and test questions could be little more better, it was way simple. There will be difficulty in searching the assignment data for students but it is fine, we can look out for it. Overall, it was a good experience.
Overall the course was decent. But I strongly felt that at certain points, it went at a very accelerated pace with little explanation. I Hhd to repeat and watch some parts over and over again to understand the concepts. My only suggestion is to reduce the speed of the program for beginners to understand better. Otherwise, it is a good and complete course!
Great tool to manage and understand how to work with Pandas and the basics of Python programming. Honestly, it is worth to do the curs even if you have no idea about Python. There are step by step manuals about how to program this stuff. It is far away from difficult! Though a tip is to try to run this on your computer and keep some examples. Great Job!!
Highly recommended for any beginner who wants to get into data science. The transition between beginner and intermediate is so student friendly.My only suggestion would be a little reduction in the speed with which instructor take class(in future course lectures), its slightly difficult to take notes. But we can we view it back, so not a big deal
This was a solid course, despite some errors in the instructions that made it difficult to complete some assignments. I'd recommend this course for people very new to Python - it does a good job of explaining basic Python concepts (objects, classes, etc.) for someone who's never programmed before. Overall, I'm glad I took this course.
This course is great for beginners. It gives the basic foundations so you can improve your knowdlegde later.I juts think the data part was given a bit in a hurry. And I-d change the way we resolve problems. The lab isgreat since it doesn-t ocupy any space but I'd rather use python or spyder to get use to it.Overall, I recommend it.
I know this is an IBM program, but we shouldnt be forced to use Watson Studio.The video were really short, so i had to reviewed many time and still find the concept of (class, and calling on other code through API difficult)this is probably just "intro to Python" the knowledge taught here are not yet applicable to real life context
A good course to learn the very basics of Python. Some of the videos go too fast. Not that the material is difficult, but the speakers just talk to fast. Also, would like to see a summary or guidebook on Python that accompanies the videos. Hard to remember the Python statements and syntax. Going back through the videos is tedious.
The course provides the student with the required basics of Python for those seeking to work in the field of data science and artificial intelligence. However, there is a section about APIs that is a little hard to follow due to the lack of sufficient explanation. This could be a result of the level of the course being elementary.
This course is very informative, perhaps you could take it with little to no coding background and understand everything in it.  My only fault with it is that the quizzes/exercises are not particularly intensive, so you will have to make programs and study a good deal outside of the class to achieve mastery of the concepts.
A good intro to Python. The only frustration was that sometimes the examples presented and content covered were different from the a couple of questions in the lab and final project without explanation (most were covered however), making it a bit confusing and leaving an inexperienced programming student a bit in the dark.
Fast paced and to the point; ideal if you have programming background and quickly want to come to terms with Python.Minus for the course materials using IBM cloud; the required material is missing and/or inaccurate, causing one to spend way too much time trying to figure out what the course material should have presented.
Some changes exist on IBM Watson comparing to the lectures. Plus the way Watson Studio hanldes notebooks, storages and buckets is different from the instructions in the class. An update in the slides and instructions would sort it out properly.Other than that, a good course with solid information and explanations.
Course materials are really good. Practice labs are also good. However, Final Assignment section needs to be revamped because it has little to no relation with the course materials. I would like to see the Final Assignment section to assess the coding skills which were taught in the previous 4 weeks of the course.
I learned a lot about Python in this course. There were typos here and there, but the learning was gradual and it was not such a jump for quizzes and tests that I couldn't get it done. One suggestion I would have would be for some pages that would provide a summary of learning that could be used for reference.
IBM CLOUD portal operations could be more explanatory, in terms of instances,  if lab is 1 hour, 40 minutes is spent in the way to initially open notebook...  after finishing mandatory questions, optional ones are also not explicit, I created unnecessary credentials, buckets... Without understanding, and left
This is a good introduction to Python. My only criticism would be that the final project has an optional step to share your project that refers to instructions that are not available.  There are discussions relating to this problem on the course forum dating back for months, but it has not been addressed.
This course was extremely useful in helping a beginner understand the basics of Python coding. However, as times, I felt like the instructions were a bit unclear and I had difficulty figuring out what to do for the final assignment. In the end, I was successful but maybe the instructions can be clearer.
This course will teach you the basics of software programming in Python language.In addition to that, you will learn what Pandas is, what it is used for, and how to use it.I, personally, didn't fully understand Pandas from this course, but it certainly gave me a general knowledge of what that is.
I felt that for the final test to be completely on using the Pandas library that the course itself should have spent much more time on it. Otherwise it was a good course. Maybe should have been longer with more labs that required more coding from the participant versus it being presented for us.
I have learned Python Basics and how to use API Modules for Data Analytics. It's an explorative learning. I hope the elaboration on the final project assignment will be improved and the inconsistency issue between the tutorial and actual Watson Studio interface can be solved for future learner.
I really enjoyed the course a lot. It really gave a good example of how Python is used in Data Science. The only downside was that the tutorials were kind of dry. Other than that, had a lot of fun and learned a lot more. Thanks again to IBM to making some of the best MOOC's i've ever attended.
"Python for Data Science and AI" is a bit misleading. It's rather a 101 level course. If you know Matlab, R, or any other language, going through some of the videos is a bit a grind. But overall, the quality is good. Good job on having up to date videos about Watson, compared to other courses.
Great course. concepts were well explained until towards the end, when some functions were thrown in without proper explanation of the attributes in the Labs section. All in all it was a really good course, that will stimulate you to do a lot of research on your own.Thank you IBM and Coursera
The mix with videos and the labs helped a lot, to understand the topic. The only thing, which was to complicated and cost much time, was the introduction of Watson. This topic was not helpful for this course. But overall, I am satisfied with the course and I am prepared now for next stages!
Good introduction to python. Some lectures were quite lacking but overall decent introduction. If this is your first programming class, you will probably need more homework to get used to typing the correct way. Google beginner practice python work or something like that and it should help.
Excellent course for beginners who wants to learn python for data science. In videos, all the concepts have been explained in very simple way which makes it easy to understand. Thanks for creating such course. I took the course in audit mode so don't know about the quality of quiz sections.
I love this course with a bunch of useful exercises and helpful demo with tool. What can be progressed is that some materials are out of date because the interfaces of Watson and IBM tools are edited and the materials are kept with old. It makes learner not able to find and do efficiently.
at some point, this is the very good course for who want knock the door of python and data sicence, but the content seems to be a little easy and some of the function used in the couse is not explained very well.  As for the api part, after the course, I still find i know little about it.
Course is good for beginners. I paused and rewind videos a lot to write stuff down because you learn a lot. Only 4 stars because in the assignment some things were outdated and I had to dig deep into the comment section and tried things many times just because it was outdated sometimes.
I knew Python before enrolling in this course and didn't have any problem with the course materials. However, I believe the teacher taught the course very fast with the least explanation on each topic. I think a person who does not know Python beforehand, may have a problem in learning.
Good general outlook of basic Python programming operation. Although the details for each type operation is not in depth enough as memory model were not sufficiently utilized to complement the explanation, the overall teaching style is detailed and easy enough for anyone to comprehend.
An amazing course for beginners like me who have no clue about Python. It's really helping me learn how to write my first lines in Python. The instructor explains codes in a very clear and simple way. The only issue is that this course doesn't provide us with professional practices.
The videos are really well made and strongly explained each and every point.  I really enjoyed while viewing it. Only one demerit is the quiz section. The quiz sections could be more difficult. But its okay, because in assignment its is managed.highly recommended for this course.
The quizzes in the videos had some awkward cuts where they would ask something that would be taught right after and felt a bit odd since I think you should ask things that were taught previously in the video not afterwards.But overall the contents were clear and understandable :)
The course is very good. But as a beginner who has no background of data science and programming, I sometimes feel it is difficult to understand some code. I think the course can add more explanations as optional parts to make it easy to understand for those beginners like me.
Good apart from the end of the final week where in trying to highlight use of their IBM Watson Platform the courses descends into complex instructions to link content from it with very little explanation and that doesn't seem to run if you have a non-US IBM Watson account
I think the course is very well structured.  I don't come from a tech background, I am actually an industrial engineer.  I wish the course has more examples and labs with problems to solve and the answers, to be able to practice more and learn from the mistakes we make.
There were quite a few inconsistencies between the videos and the actual IBM Cloud tools. Also, the final assignment seemed to have less to do with Python and more about saving your final output to a Data Bucket and setting permissions/visibility so peers could view it.
I personally felt that more of stress could be given to Python coding. This course and its contents had the ability to create a strong background for the student in Python but somehow it couldn't. But still you get to learn a lot of things. So it was a good experience.
Great beginners course. The only thing I would change is allowing people to see the answer they selected on the quizzes once they have been marked, and providing them with an explanation on what is the right answer and why. Would provide a better learning experience.
I had some issues submitting the homework.  It took me a while to find where apikeys, access_key_id, and secret_access_key were located.  We weren't really taught in this course how to maneuver in Watson Studio.   Otherwise I would have give five stars on my review.
Very good basic intro. Enjoyed doing the assignment but would have liked some more challenges. Seemed a little odd to spend so much time trying to produce a link to share the workbook while actually completing the questions was very simple one or two lines of code.
The course is friendly for beginners, which have detailed step-by-step guides in materials. Videos clearly explain the Panda and Numpy using animation and language translator and speech to text on IBM cloud gives me a deep impression on using data in other forms.
This is a good course which makes one a good introduction to Python programming language and Jupyter Notebooks as a framework for coding. Although some of the aspects of the course are introduced in a rather scarce way, and do not allow to fully comprehend them.
Enjoyed this introductory course to Python language.  The issues with the final assignment was disappointing, but all the other content was great.  Liked the breakdown of the weeks and the consistent quiz's and labs to reinforce what you were reading/watching.
Gives an easy way to enter python, but more text feedback should be needed as videos, are 10 minutos long or so, but they have so much information in them.Also some assignment and jupyter notebooks were unavailable temporarily and took me days to prepare them.
In general quite good. I like the Coursera set-up. In this particular course (it is my fourth), I would like to see more alignment of videos, quizzes and the final assignment on Watson Studio.Still, thanks to everybody who makes these online courses possible!
Good course for any beginner but some codes taught didn't run properly. And I would request to provide more practice exercises for every type where we get habit of application of not just the current concept but previous ones also so we don't forget them.
Very well written, great for beginners and early intermediates. I find the videos interesting and the assignments are great as well. I learned many interesting things in this course already and I started few days ago, nothing but recommendation for this !
The course content was concise and easy to follow. The simplicity offered by this course came at the expense of in-depth knowledge, whose pros and cons can be debated. Overall, a good appetizer for a beginner aspiring to explore data science with python.
Very good couse to get started with Python in Data science field. However, the instructor could have added more detailed lessons. Other than that i highly recommend this course to anyone who is starting their Data Science career/ exploring Data Science.
Very good course to learn Python and libraries to work with Data Science, like NumPy and Pandas. The IBM Watson labs need a little more effort to understand and to complete every step, so don't skip previous labs and pay close attention to instructions.
Overall great course with good explanations, examples and teachers. However, the external online tools often had long loading times and were quite buggy (even though my internet works perfectly fine). Also some typos here and there but that's okay.
The Course Is perfect for those who have little insight about programming and library like numpy and pandas but if you are complete beginner it might get difficult because its on very fast track nad for beginner its a little hard to stay on track.
Overall good material but need many more practical exercises. Some of the labs walk you through the steps that are covered in the video, but they do not have a practical section that has the student write their own code to reinforce the material.
Very helpful beginner course. Some videos however could be better, provide more explanation and background reasoning and future application. Jupiter notebook was much more helpful, without even a need for videos. Looking forward for next stages.
I would give it 5 stars if not the speech-to-text exercise, that from the forum I could see many people struggle with. The tutorial for that exercise is outdated and it takes couple of days for the instructor to respond with unhelpful feedback.
Very nice introduction to Python. I would have liked more practical test examples (the time estimated to complete tests is greatly exagerated). However, this makes me lust for more Python programming, which ultimately is the goal of the course!
i really liked it the only thing that kept it from 5 star is that the course gave a limited knowledge about few basic functions using python with data science however i think that's what it was supposed to give so leaving my review with 4 star.
Overall course structure isvery good. HOwever, the voice speaker was indeed very FAST.! Please make attention, your overall public is not English natives only. Even applying the subtitling in English, it was very fast to follow the slides.
May have to refine the last question of the final assignment. May need to consider to explain... The use of bucket, difference between self-generated one and manual bucket, creditential... And more instructions to set up url for dashboard.
Challenging especially when you have limited Python experience. One improvement I will suggest for the whole course is to have unlimited access to IBM cloud services ( lite of course). I managed to burn trough my 50 hours way too quickly.
Very good course to learn Python, its concept from basic to advance though one is not having a very good programming foundation. Covered sections such as dataframe, vector, API, pandas etc which are essential for Data Science. Enjoyed it.
It was a nice introduction and extremely straightforward especially with backgrounds in MATLAB and Arduino IDE. I only struggled with the IBM cloud upload that was optional in the final project which was not clear and would get errors.
Really great foundational python knowledge from this course. It took a lot of stepping out of my comfort zone given the content is outside of my daily career but i feel like i know so much more now than i did when i started the course.
I liked the course. I feel the course was focused more on the ibm cloud storage creation issues and less on python programming. It is more of basic programming than much of ai. I wished it focused on python programming and more of ai.
A very good first look at Python, Pandas and other basic aspects of Python for Data Science.  The course material, as presented in text transcription, could use a good proofreading, but otherwise it is a very solid and useful course.
It is easy to understand the basics of reaind and manage data with Pandas in Python. I think it could be better if we can go deeper into the syntax and objects and methods used on pandas to better understanding of how work with them.
I really liked the course. My only complaint is that the last two sections represent a big leap between learning basic python skills and suddenly using complex APIs like speech recognition systems without understanding them properly.
The content went a bit to quickly for me. I am completely new to computer science, and so all that new vocabulary was difficult to comprehend especially when I wasn't sure how it is typically utilized for data scientists when coding.
Issues running labs. Bokeh does not import, so its impossible to make the dashboard. Notebook would not recognize the bokeh module no matter what I did. Had to download Anaconda and a computer side service to run the lines of code.
The overall is good, but I wish this course needs to improve the interaction between learners and the Jupyter Notebook. It's kind of boring sometime when I need to only press Shift + Enter to run rather than typing code on my own.
Syllabus is well designed covers all basic concepts of python and if you already know a little python you can easily complete this course without a fuzz. Thank you IBM and Coursera Community for this . I had a great time learning.
A solid introduction to Python that I personally found very useful. The only issue with the course is the abundance of small errors throughout the materials. Final assignment requires a bit of debugging and tweaking to get right.
The review of python basics was nice. The actual AI or data science part was only covered for a fraction of a week, so not much was gained in that regard. Also, it felt like a constant plug for using/buying rights to use Watson.
Good level for people with little to no programming experience. Very quick to complete (can be done in 1 sitting). But gives an idea about how to work with datasets, different libraries and feeds well into the following courses.
Introduces the most important features of Python. Quizzes were rather simple. The final assignment is a total mess. Without information posted on discussion forum by other learners it would be impossible for me to finish it. :-(
The first four weeks are very helpful, and then week 5 is the project. There is little to no assistance in week 5, it's more-or-less sink or swim, but it forces you to apply what you've learned. I felt like I made large strides.
IBM does a good job in doing the python introduction for beginners. The use of Watson studios an Jupiter notebook is good although the platform on itself can be a bit confusing at times. all and all... great experience for me.
such a wonderful course threshold for students, Indeed i got some idea about data science and what's the data science domain dissertation within python . Eventually this course gave me conception and notion of data science.
The curriculum is too good.But at final stages it became complicated and started to confuse.Felt that there could have been a little more documentation to make understand at the final 2 weeks.But great course.Learnt a lot.
The inner workings of the project (dashboard creation process) are not that clear. May be an optional reading can be added for interested students to understand the dashboard creation and the libraries used in more detail.
Understanding the Final Assignment and its instructions were a bit tricky. May be an introduction to IBM cloud hosting and the significance of various credentials required in the final assignment will make it a bit easier.
A fair foundational course. Week 5 could have a more meaningful assignment e.g. correlation, not just plotting. The last (not rated) part of the course, uploading your results into the cloud, needs a proper explanation.
Week 5 final project did not have clear instructions about how to navigate through IBM Watson Studio. Took me a while to figure that out. Otherwise, the course is pretty good and the exercises are very straightforward.
Very good for getting started with Python. But looks like the interface changed since the tutorial video/instruction have been made so it caused some confuse. It'll be better if  you update those tutorial/instruction.
Overall I think the course was a useful introduction to python programming for data science, and the tools and workbooks were super helpful. The instructions could be a bit more clear, but it wasn't enough to stop me.
Over all I enjoyed the course very much but there were gaps in the course materials that we struggle to complete the assignment. Perhaps this could be addressed during the practice sessions in the weekly course work.
This course allowed me to learn the basics of the Python programming language and how to apply it to real life problems and data. Very much recommended if you wish to acquire these basic skills. Good job, Coursera
Good introduction to Python for data science. The quality of teaching materials is ok, the examples used are not very useful or inspiring. You will come away with a few Jupyter notebooks for future code building.
The materials are okay, but more exercises are needed to help students get more hands-on experience. Also, a lot of instructions are complicated and seem to be outdated (technical details on using IBM Watson lab)
The course is perfect for me, because I already know Python (so I can skim through material quickly just review the data science related stuff) but to people new to programming, this course may be going too fast.
The course gives a good Introduction to working with Python. Minus 1 Star because the final assignment relies on a given block of code, instead of being a project, which one can solve just with what was learned.
Some of the video modules didn't have up-to-date information, but the labs were very helpful. The IBM Cloud services were slightly challenging to configure. The Cognitive Class Labs tools were very easy to use.
Overall, a good introduction to using Python to work with data. Towards the end of the course, a couple of the assignments didn't work, and I felt like I was just copying or running code I didn't understand.
Thank you for the great course! The only feedback I have - it was not clear how to use make_dashboard function neither from the labs nor from the videos. Perhaps, consider explaining it a bit better. Thanks!
I enjoyed this - probably one of the clearest Python beginner classes.IBM Cloud on the other hand is quite challenging to navigate - not very intuitive and needed the extra careful "follow the instructions".
Nice introduction, but very little previous education in linear algebra and matrix manipulation assumed. Given the emphasis on cloud based data wrangling I had hoped to see larger and more complex data sets.
Formethe content is transported professionally. You can use the notebooks for later Python issues. So I want to give 5, but like many other guys mentioned, the "Watson"-advertisement is really exhausting.
It really helps a lot understand the python work in data science but in last week lectures like pandas, CSV, numpy etc if there are few more examples of these topics it really help me to a lot understand
Overall, I learn a lot from the course, however there is a need to update the IBM cloud and Watson studio set-up page in the instructional material to be in-line with current IBM cloud and Watson Studio.
some contents are a little difficult, although they are not required to know the rationale, I found myself unable to apply them. It'll be better if it can provide some way to consolidate the knowledge.
A solid introduction to Python in general.  It can help you start getting acquainted with how programming languages work in general and gives a good overview of how Python can be used for data science.
This course is basically designed for beginner who wants to start with python. So it covers most the stuffs a beginner wants to know.  But nothing related to datascience and AI I found in this course.
It is a good course if you have previous knowledge in python, in my case I did not have too much expertise in Programming and it was very difficult the las 2 weeks (4 and 5). However i learned a lot.
it was an awesome course to start your journey in data science. Fundamentals concepts are covered in a lucid way. Nicely designed lab work. Some more hands on will help to get a better coding skills.
It was a fantastic learning experience, especially the project part and review mechanism is flawless. Could improve support related to IBM cloud-related queries. Otherwise overall a good experience.
Great Course work just more needs to be explained. I searched a lot to find more information as a beginner. But a great introduction will recommend it if you're starting out without any experience.
Extremely helpful for those who are new to the python and the concept were explained in a very sophisticated manner . Thanks for the tutor and the course era for providing this great opportunity.
Could be a bit more advanced for those who have programming background. I also felt the practical work in the lab could have entailed more quizzes to let the students apply the new concepts more
This was a pretty good course, But there were some mistakes here and there with the text that the bot speaks and also in some of the slides. It'd be better if some instructor records the videos.
There are some drastic leaps in learning between modules. It would make it easier to have additional information explaining a lot more of the concepts, rather than just running a block of code.
I am reducing 1 star because of the issues I faced during the exam. Kindly update your instructions as per the updated IBM cloud website, or any other third party tools  employed in the course.
This course strengthen your knowledge for python, and it requires lots of understanding, time to do lab and practice to become better. However, I hope some issues with the lab can be improved.
-Good Course for basics of python and intro to Pandas and Numpy-More exercises related to Pandas and Numpy would be good for practice.-The course isn't updated with the latest UI of IBM Watson
I am grateful for Coursera and IBM for this course. I deducted 1 star because I felt the content of  Week4 (content with Pandas and Numpy), and Week 5 should have been expanded a little more.
Please  check the final assignment and ibm speech API . I have to trouble to setting up and there is instruction is missing. however the first 3 week is very insightful material for new user
Very Interesting Sessions. Thoroughly Enjoyed going back to good old days of programming, which made so easy and comfortable nowadays.. Thanks to the professors and mentors + the evaluators.
Very brief course of Python. It touches the basics of the language.As with the previous courses, the final assignment generates frustration because of things not related to the examination.
The course includes extensive hands-on exercises. However, it seemed to lack in more details. Also, a full-fledged project / exercise at the end of the tutorial would have been helpful.
I am someone who likes a supplementary textbook in conjunction with an online course.  I've downgraded my rating to 4 stars because no supplementary book is identified for the course.
I am not a beginner for Python and I know that this course is not completely for beginners. It took me a while to finish the final project which is much harder than previous courses.
This course is easy to understand but you need to have little programming knowledge beforehand. I would have loved it more if the topics covered under this course were in more depth.
Final project notebook needs to be edited by the instructors. The instructions in some places are misleading and the English/grammar is awful in places. I think this can be improved!
Great Content. Really pushed someone who have no knowledge of Python to think like a Data Science but some technical elements need more explanation. Especially the final Assignment.
Im aware that this is an introductory course, but sometimes it felt like I only needed to run the cell on the labs to get the answer, which is fine but I would liked more exercises
Good course and well scaffolded.  The end project is fine but not really project-based.  Students shold be told to go to forum to beg for peer reviewers in order to finish course.
The last US analyze was not that great. students were not given much information before proceeding to the exam, which resulted in some problems. But the entire module was perfect.
Lots of valuable information, but there are mistakes in the videos, the IBM instructions are outdated, and the quiz includes several questions that we never learned how to answer.
this course has been really quite informative. It gave an immense opportunity for learning. However, I would appreciate if we have more hands-on problems under graded assignment.
This course was so helpful and useful but one single issue that the last assignment wasn't well_explained due to not updating the lab to cop up with the last update of IBM Watson
1 star down because I think there should be more things like statistics in python, oop in python, etc. Otherwise, the course is just awesome. I'm very happy to learn through it.
The final assignment was a bit out of touch with the learned material. It might have been better if we submitted some work done with elements similar to those that were covered.
The course contents are well organized. Topics are essential for Python starters. Anyway, it seems there are few incorrect detail and technical problems for the course contents.
object and classes could have been better. But overall the course is good. If you have done a python course already and wanna get more details and practice try this course out.
This was fun. The notebooks could be better organized and maybe not start with code. The notebooks with quizzes were nice, but the quizzes stopped when we got to the fun stuff.
I learned much through this course.  Some of the lab instructions were out of date or light on instruction that resulted in a little extra time to figure things out but I did.
This is very good course if you want to start learning data analysis but not sure where to start from. This course provides introductory concept required for the data science.
Need updated and detailed tutorial on IBM cloud and Waston's studio. I have to upgrade from lite in order to finish the HW, which takes some time to go through IBM's support.
Really gained the most knowledge required for data science. Thanks for this amazing course. Except for the IBM cloud storage issue(saving notebook to the IBM object storage)
Good basis. Could have gone into more detail with respect to classes and objects. Should have also included unit tests, which are absolutely vital for software development.
Very Good Explanation of Pandas and Numpy. Difficulty level of Assignments is Medium, it can be increased.Thank You to overall team. More curious to learn next modules.
The AI aspect of this course was never introduced. It would be more interesting to include a concise short course for AI which is a selling point for the course title.
Course was good.Lab is really good for learning hands on without setting up everything on my own machine.Videos explanations should have been longer and more detailed.
Easy to complete even without any programming knowledge. There is still some mistake in the content that can lead to confusion. Overall I had a really good experience.
it gives you a basic idea of how the python works and makes sure you study it very carefully because there are lot of terms which can be useful for you in the future.
Te explanation for One dimensional Numpy , Two Dimensional Numpy can be improved on. Te explanation for API is not easily understandable for people who are new to it.
This course deserves a 5 star review but I am not giving it as there are two glitches that need to be fixed in some of the quizzes!Great introductory course to Python
I liked the course, it is very interesting, but I think that the explanation of each video are too quick, and that can be changed, because I had to pause many times.
For a beginner, the course provided great content. My only criticism is that the final assessment contained content that was not covered by any of the prior classes.
Basics were good. But, the instructions under API is tough to follow. Several methods were used which were new to me and were not introduced in this course as well.
I was expecting more exercises because there is where you find your mistakes and correct them. It's the best way to learn something. Otherwise, the course was good.
Remember that it is just for beginners the teaching style and technique is quite impressive I will definitely suggest this course to you only if you are a beginner.
Have issue with IBM studio creating IAM Manager user for bucket and Notebook details are not clear and UI has changed a lot when you compare with the lecture screen
The course was fantastic for weeks 1 -3. Week 4 had some weakly written content in the labs and the week 5 assessment was very easy. A good starter course, though!
The course is good. Explains a lot of things, some portions like `1DArray and 2D array could be made more interesting. The final assignment could be improved upon.
Gives you and overview of Python with just the basics. Further exploration has to be done by the student to explore various concepts. A good start for a beginner.
If there was more practical practice and maybe teach the the code that was used to make the dashboard will be good and also teach how to use object storage ibm .
Good for people with no experience programming, extremely basic for people with some experience.The examples and excercises could be more thorough and difficult.
Great introduction to using Python for Data Science.  Material needs to be updated a little but the lessons are great to teach you how to form and retrieve data.
A very good course with a lot of clear information on Python fundamentals. Although the labs are good, more and more exercises would have led to 5 stats rating!
First 3 parts (week 1-3) are awasome explained. Rest (week 4-5) could be more detailed (more step by step with clarifying what specific funcion or phrase do).
Slightly out of date at times, but the basics are definitely there, and if you're willing to dig around the forums you can get all of your questions answered.
Although Data Visualization course comes later in the queue, still more detailed introduction should be given by means of Video aids. Overall course was good.
There are a few videos where they rush up things which is not ideal for beginners, except for that, its an amazing course to get some basic idea about python.
Week 5 assignment needs a few more understanding theory parts or videos and week 5 must be updated to it's new ASAP for the other students taking this course.
Course content and section quizzes are bit too simple comparing with the final assignment, the external tool Lab is not very user-friendly from my experience.
This was a nice ramp up course that familiarised you well with the basics. However, I felt that the cognitive labs environment spoon fed me a little too much.
If you're looking for a course that can pave your path towards data science, then this is it! just go thought it thoroughly and do the assignments sincerely.
Good course with concise information. I just wish it was explained with more examples and more in-depth. Overall, it was really informative and entertaining.
The course gives a basic idea of Python coding required for data science. I needs to be a bit more detailed with more example/case studies ( in my opinion).
Minimum of practice, don't need much effort to accomplish tasks, less code should be already written in notebooks and more cpomplex tasks should be created.
The course has been interesting and has helped me to get an insight into Python programming, however, I would have liked to have more examples to practice.
the python notebooks are very good but the lectures are boring to the maximum compared to other courses on other platforms or even to free youtube videos
The course was really informative and very much suitable for beginners. The depth in which the topics were taught could be increased slightly.Thank You!
I learn the manage of libraries, functions, methods and the use of files, lists, tuplas and arrays. The examples are very didactics and understandable.
Very precise and concise course, I liked the structure and the progression. At the end, I will only add a bit more about API and more exercises. Thanks
i didnt know how to load the file with pandas, didnt understand what pandas was and i was lost how to load the notebook, more instructions were needed
This is a nice introduction, but it's much more useful if you (1) have a background in statistics and (2) use a textbook with problem sets in tandem.
Good course for building foundations in python. Take this course before going ahead in this specialization if you are new to data science and python.
Great course for python beginners. Just felt could be a little more smoother process. Just felt, those IBM related things were excessively promoted.
there were some technical problems that reduced my overall grade even when it wasn't my mistake.but I got a lot to learn from the material provided
This course gives good understanding of the python basics needed in data science and a good introduction to the python libraries pandas and numpy
Its Very Easy to get in start but in the last week its like blast, suddenly Every thing gets tough. Try going to it at least twice for the week 5
Course content is good, but i was able to find out few spelling mistakes and for one quiz i was marked wrong even though i selected right answere
I thought it was a really good course.  The only negative for me was the Watson part, I was mostly looking for just Python and common libraries.
I really liked this course. It gave a quick review of python with examples and practice exercises, but I wished it had more. It is to the point.
It's a good introduction , but the final assignment is not about the lessons. The idea is to practice your learnings, so you should change that.
It was a challenging course! I learnt  a great deal about python programming which also means that I need to keep practicing to hone my skills.
Excellent design of the course, with video, extra practice, quiz and assignments. only problem is with the IBM platform.  It is not easy to use
The dashboard function code wasn't working, Also, if it is going to be included in the assignment, then there should be a video on it as well.
Videos have so many errors. The course is good for the beginners but doesn't have much to offer to those who are already familiar with Python
Although all the analysis tools are presented and clearly explained, the code for generating the dashboard could have been better explained
It could have been more detailed. By the name of the course, it seems that you will learn Python at a very deep level but it's only basics.
The course content is fabulous. It covers the basics of Python while also adding various AI and Data Science concepts. A wholesome course.
Great course. Took a bit of figuring out but for a beginner itâ€™s was very informative. Some addition instruction could have been provided.
Decent introduction to the basics of Python for data science. Quite a few typos and/or audio not matching the video in the lessons though.
The course is well tailored starting from the programming aspect of Python and delving deeper into the libraries such as NumPy as pandas.
the instructor should teach the course rather than making it fully digital. it is boring. however, the quality of the course is very good
This was my first course online with course era . The interface was very friendly. I would continue to take more courses from this site.
Good course for those who want to migrate from R to python or someone new to data science and learn the basic of python for data science
An excellent course with a lot of pratical examples that can help newcomers about how to understand both data analysis and programming!
The course is interesting and covered basics. I will suggest to make this course more challenging by increasing number of assignments.
Was hoping this would be a more advanced course based off of the name. Overall it's a simple and easy overview of some functionality.
The APIs were not explained well and the final project needed much clearer instructions thankfully provided by the TA and the forums
Well drafted course. Easy to understand especially for beginners although the exercises and the test could be made more challenging.
Of the series, this particular one was quite solid.   Straight forward direction on python usage with some interaction with Watson.
Good introduction to python, coming from someone who has never coded before. Did need to do some supplemental reading to catch up.
The course at the beginning seemed very slow, but later at the ending, it was rushed. The lab work could have been more detailed.
As for me final assigment must be more complicated and maybe include some simple app, that involve all knowledge from the course.
Okay but pitched a bit simple for my programming level - people with coding experience in other languages may find this too easy
Loved the workbooks, they were so helpful, found videos a bit fast moving and difficult to understand aside from that very good.
Very well structured course. Introduces a novice to the core elements of Python and NumPy. I highly recommend doing this course.
Course contains basic knowledge about python used in Data Science. But more extra efforts are needed to enhance our knowledge.
Great course for basics of Python, however API could have been explained in a better or a simple way without rushing through.
The optional exercise in Week 5 is a little difficult to follow but other than that, this course is very detailed and useful.
It was a good course, but the last week's peer graded assignment wasn't much helpful and it didn't make much of a sense to me
Great videos and labs. The capstone project was a little confusing for some parts. But overall, it was a really good course.
I feel the depth is not enough,but it covers a good range of knowledge. It is a good course to get you started with Python.
A good course. The final project isn't really that great. The "Data Science" aspect of the course isn't really that strong.
Excellent Course. But in hands on sessions, it is seem like simple codes only we have to do.anyway Great Ideas. Thank You.
The course is pretty good but at the later parts there were some methods which were not explained and had to google them.
Great learning interface, but a little of more practical interactions in the videos would have been very much appreciated
The course was pretty good for the beginners in python but can be too basic for someone having a basic knowledge already.
Good course! Instructor talks a bit fast and sometimes a 2 second break won't hurt. Better than stopping video manually.
Wish there was more practice and the assignment is more tougher than it currently is. But overall it is a good refresher
I finished the course.  It was good but it could have been better with more examples I think :) thank you for the course
Enjoyed the labs but the videos are too dull, i.e. often just a list of possible code with little illustration/examples
There were some typos in the course slide as well as the final assessment that lessened the quality of the experience.
The course is good but the videos are too short to understand. The videos should be more descriptive and informative .
The API part doesnt really clarify to me. It would be better if more details provided regarding to how functions work
Quite tough for a beginner, as there are a lot of things to integrate within short videos. But all in all very good.
Interesting initial applications for Data Science using Python and Jupyter. OBS: The videos had many small mistakes.
Pretty nice course, very elementary though. Only follow if you're a real beginner, with no knowledge of programming.
pro: practice studio and quiz are very helpful in learningcon: videos are too fast and short, not a lot of content
Decent Course but a bit fast-paced so you need to very attentive and if possible try to do MSDN's Course First !!!
i learn new skill from this course .so i really thankful to coursera. i recomend everybody to learn form coursera.
The course content was very good and knowledgeable, easy to follow, and well framed. Thank you Coursera and team.
Very Intresting course and after doing this course my knowledge about python and data science raises  very much.
The final project was a bit disappointing, it was too easy and didn't cover much of the material of the course.
Everything is IBM Watson. Please reduce IBM product recommendation and let us learn concepts to apply anywhere.
Not a bad course.  Not real intense.  Sometimes instructions are hard to follow but good for a casual learner.
course is very basic it would be better adding more quizzes on pandas and NUmpy , I can volunteer if required.
It was a very good course, but the last two modules and the final assingment were, in my  view, too difficult.
Nice course oscillating between theory and practice.Maybe NumPy could have been more detailed with exercises.
Absolutely great experience of learning, learnt fundamentals of Python, data structures and python libraries.
Pretty cool. The student can learn the foundation to apply in any real problem (Python core / Pandas / Numpy)
Even if I am not fluent in Python after this course, it was one of the most efficient training I did so far.
The instructions for the final assignment were incomplete, so it was difficult to move on to the next task.
Hey folks!This course gives us a clear understanding of concepts related to Python for Data Science and AI.
It was a good introductory course for anyone interested in learning Data Science using python from scratch.
It was a little complicated to understand the steps to follow in Watson in the last point of the last lab.
I would love to see more practical projects early on so you really remember all the functions/methods/etc.
Highly recommended for amateurs. Anyone who wants to learn Python and get into the field of Data Analysis.
Good course for beginners but i think more content should be included. It just give a touch up the basics.
Great introductory course. Wish the final project would incorporate more of what was taught in the course.
The content was good but it can always be better. It was quite easy. Exercises must be a little bit hard.
Some of the Notebook executions weren't working properly/were outdated. Otherwise, a really great course!
Good presentation of knowledge.However, it would be better to discuss more numpy functions in the videos.
The final assignment uses new tools that are vaguely explained. Well-crafted indications could save time.
good, but challenging for someone who never did any Python course. I was lucky i already some background.
Very good crash course on python, but for more depth additional materials should definitely be reviewed.
Learn alot on this module.I hope there will be more example on some of the topics eg creating dashboard.
Great course for someone trying to understand the basics of Python along with some of its applicability
It's a good course for beginners.It starts with basic of the python and move you to the advance level.
it was a really good course which included all the basic operations ,methods and attributes of python.
Ok course, but the videos had many errors that did not coincide with the dialog. Please correct these.
Explaination is good but it require more real life example to reduce the complexity of understanding.
the lectures provides an overview and nothing in details is covered. Also, please provide the slides.
The course covers very basics of python. A little bit of in-depth knowledge should also be included.
course content is good. but it is fast & person without programming language will have difficulties
The Jupyter notebook is a great way of learning. The course covers basics of programming in python.
They need to update slides to the latest screens in IBM Watson Studio. It gets confusing at times.
Thank you; Course materials and labs are really helpful. Last Assignment is very illustrative too.
Final Assignment seems to be extremely irrelevant to the content that had been covered previously.
Fifth star will come whe you abandon peer grade system that steals most of my course time , sorry.
Very basic introduction, but clear enough for beginner. Finally project  have no clear instruction
Good course but please try to correct all the spelling and grammar mistakes, they're disgraceful.
Could have drive into more deep. More explanation of IBM data storage, bucket would really help.
Great information. The tutor is awesome. It should contain much more exercises for each section.
The subject is so complex, so this one course is not enough to know the full potential of Python
There are server side issues in assignments for Text to Speech translator which should be fixed
The content is understandable and good, however it seems a bit easy even for intermediate level
Some IBM Watson instructions in tutorials are outdated due to significant web interface changes
IBM website has changed and makes it somewhat difficult to work through some of the .pdf files.
Great course but taking forever for my classmate to review my assignment submitted a month ago
It coves the very basic of python. I am new to python hence found it very useful. Thanks you.
The course was helpful, but i wished it was longer and went into more detail with the content
Loved the introductory course, but would have wanted it to have more programming applications
Clears funndamentals. But skips out many subtleties of NumPy etc. But great for fundamentals!
The final assignment was not really great quality and not much to do with Pandas, numpy etc.!
Wonderfully implemented and I learned a lot that I am now applying in my current work space.
The instructors made the course too easy. Completed all assignments and quizzes in 2.5 hours
Gives the basics of Python used for data science, a good course for beginners to start with.
The courrse is good just need a review in the finnal task because some links are not working
Pretty good into to Python. But I'd already worked with Python before so it was nothing new.
The end part was quite tedious (the peer based one)But other than that the course is great
A great course for a beginner. The visual method with blocks of code is extremely helpful.
Great course. I learn a lot and I feel a have a solid foundation to work with Python, now.
Last exercice kind of disapointing. Guided "test" no real challenge. However, good course.
A pretty good intro to python, but somehow. AI is not covered. little bit confusing title.
Assignment is somehow disconnect with actual IBM Walson studio, should update accordingly.
Good information in the course, but I found the final assignment to be confusing at times.
Good introductory course, fairly easy to understand with moderately challenging exercises.
I guess the quizzes could have been a bit more rigorous. All in all, good for a beginner.
would have liked a deeper approach but overall a good overview for baby steps with python
The course helps a lot to know for beginners how to use python platform for data science
I have learnt how to use pandas and numpy but I would have appreciated more assignments.
The content is useful however there are quite a few mistakes on the presentation slides.
Great course, perfect in explaining Python. Small issue with submission notebook system.
Some knowledge on vectors will be helpful. Wished it delved  more into pandas and numpy
Labs are nice but would like more practical exercises like the final dashboard project.
If we study thoroughly than this course is really helpful from data science perspective
Please add a lecture on how to deal with XML data, as this was required for assignment.
It was really good but difficult for people like me not familiarized with programming.
very good course, very interesting, but difficulties on several occasions with the Lab
Would have been nice to have longer quizzes, or questions that had us write more code.
Overall course was good. Though, week 4 & 5 were typical and difficult to understand.
This course is a step to start your career in Python and data science. Good learning.
Overall, this course is well designed but still, there are some little mistakes found
The course should be more gradual in order to explain step by step the tought topics.
It  was great learning experience, was really good kick start programming in Python
this course is almost perfect but the only missed thing to be translated to arabic
Amazing cover of fundamentals with quiz and practice data helps a lot in learning.
if this course has one or two week more it will be much better. and course is good
could be better in assignments and quiz..the level could have been a little higher
Course was a good intro to python.  Some of the instructions were a bit out dated.
I just want to say that it was an amazing experience while learning from coursera
A good introduction to Python and libraries such as Pandas and Numpy. Enjoyed it!
Great detail with providing the fundamental of using python with pandas and NumPy
ItÂ´s very basic, need to improve, but the course has good material and exercises.
a little bit easy, but quite good for a beginner. Pandas and Numpy  part is good.
The  exercises included in course was very helpful in understanding the concepts
Outstanding course, all well explained except for the last question of the exam.
Good introduction to Python for DS. Maybe a little bit confusing in some points.
Very good course, snappy and accurate tutorial. No junk series in video tutorial
It's a good course but there are too many minor mistakes in the course material.
There are many basic things to be taught with python. Whats taught is ok though.
A good and informative course with Python foundation and Data Science concepts.
I think it should have more exercises and they should be a bit more difficult.
This course was a nice introduction to some of the tools used in data science.
Good explanation, however could have elaborated more on a few important topics
Very Well designed course. Learned lot of concepts in a short period of time.
Quite a bit of this course was repeat for me, but none the less a good intro.
This is a great course and a section of Watson architechture can be included.
The course gave me a good hang of Python as a scripting tool for Data science
I loved this course and got good exposure on python for Data science and AI
If we get access to instructor to get clarification then it will be helpful
Labs were the link to the lab environment is not working should be revised.
You should include some examples on programming with python in the course.
very good qualitty interactive learnings. only a bit weird final assesment
It was wonderful course which covered important topics for data analysis.
Very Good Course for Beginners, Step by step guide and examples provided.
The instructions in the API Laps in connection with IBM could be clearer.
Good Course  for beginner to Professional type conversion in data science
I complted the course ,But the badges are not given yet why we dont know
I have been largely benefited from this IBM Data Science Specialization.
Great teaching methodology!Really helped me a lot starting from scratch.
Its is a good course highly recommended but also explain the programming
Well designed syllabus and explanation to all the topics were very good.
There were a lot of typos in the exercises, but otherwise, it was good.
Overall ,it was very neat and clear explanation for python fundamental.
Its good course for practice your data science and python programming.
My Dashboard didn't Display. After calling the function appropriately.
more content is needed related to libraries mentioned in the course..!
Excellent! Nice Course. Very experienced and good teacher. Thank you.
Really enjoyed the course and getting hands dirty in python code ;-).
that was suitable just for beginners but i wasn't really a beginner!
Course is very well and easily understood. And topics are excellent.
Great material, but IBM offers the same course at their cognative.ai
Good understanding on the basics of python required for Data Science
Informative. Suggested to people at beginner and intermediate level.
There are many mistakes in the slide and are not corrected properly.
Good course for anybody looking to get a beginner's grip on Python.
I enjoyed the class but the interface for labs could use some work.
Excellent introduction,good material more exercises would be nice!
It was the great tutorial for the beginners and really enjoyed it.
some instruction on navigating the site is outdated and confusing.
Even though it was a bit superficial, I believe it`s a good start.
Nicely designed. Week 5 assignment is confusing .Therefore 4 stars
It was a great course .It still need for more exercices and labs .
the course is well organized but needs to be updated in some parts
I'm very happy to do this course,it helped me lot in data Science.
Good course but there are some mistakes that need to be cleaned up
It's a very good course, although it's pretty basic for its name.
Last assignment was such a pain, it was not clear that how to do?
Please more detail discription for Question 5 in Final Assignment
Great course. I had some difficulties to execute some tutorials.
All are good, just API part can be more specifically explained.
It's a little too basic, but overall it is a good introduction!
Good for new learners and learning python from scratch was fun
More examples are needed and the course seems too simple/basic
The course is well done but it is quite superficial in python.
Well Explained About Py and Py importance towards Data Science
few errors in the ppt, exercises, examples... but great course
Course is very good  for learner who just start using python.
the course delivery was a bit fast for first time programmers
It was too fast. The modules could be explained little slowly
This course is more about python and less about Data Science.
The uploaded pics in final assignment are too small to read.
Video lectures can be more informative rest all is excellent
There are some small mistakes in the video, ohter are great!
This must be a good choice to start Data Science and Python.
Could have gone more deeply into pandas with more exercises.
This course is really nice to start with Python programming.
The notebooks dont run sometimes but the course is amazing!
Having no discussion and implementation about Python for Al
The instructions of the final assignment is not very clear.
It's ok for one who has no clue about Python and dataframes
Question should be more diverse and make students research.
project stage having too much ambiguity.pl change 5th week
Very helpful to clear the ideas about the basics of python
Good hands on Python for beginners. A bit too easy though.
The last project using the interactive interface is buggy.
There has to be simplicity when explaining some concepts.
A brisk overview, could use a few more example exercises.
Learner friendly and easy to understand. Well captured!
Some of the labs didn't work, but otherwise great class
very short and basic but helpful to start using python.
Final assignment instructions where a little confusing.
Good course but , but everything is not given in depth
Errors in the labs and videos in need of urgent review
Awesome content...!!!! Help me clear my concept...!!!!
The Final instructions about the test must be updated.
It is perfect beginning for data science using python.
Short and quick intro to Python and Jupyter Notebooks.
Good course for introductory data analysis in Python.
Many times the Watson lab was unavailable or too slow
Very explanatory. Labs could be more challenging tho.
The final assignment could have been more interesting
A very great and easy understandable course from IBM
Easy and interesting course for starting with Python
Connecting IBM Cloud is tough. Everyting else great.
Key Concepts Explained in simple understandable way.
Gives an Initial thrust to understand the concepts.
Good course on Python Fundamentals for Data Science
The Fake Album Cover exercise was very interesting!
4 stars for the complicated interface of IBM Cloud
Directions for the final assignment were confusing
content is good but it should be more descriptive
Can be thought in much depth in all the concepts
Great little kickstart tutorial using IBM Watson
A basic level course on Python for data science.
I think the course materials could be improved.
Good course for absolute beginners! Good Luck
Nice course. It is no waste of money and time
Explained the concepts of Python very easily.
Material was great, but lab wasn't the great.
would have liked more practice with the labs
Great course, with great hands-on practices!
The final exam could have had more questions
A small confusion while calculating #8.5 %.
This course covers basics of python nicely.
Grading of the assignment is not explained.
Great introduction Python and data science.
The course was really good and challenging.
Very slow. Wish labs were more interactive
Need more diffuculty in the last assigment
This is real time based learning platform.
Could have been tougher with more concepts
Not so much projects, but very informative
Everything but the last project was great.
Heavy, so step by step.Anybody can program
This course good for beginners in python .
The course is good, but slightly to basic.
too fast. Wish I could get more exercises.
Basic Structure of Data Science in python
Easy course. It lacks some major content.
needs more content about pandas and numpy
Little of difficulty will be more helpful
Very useful course to learn data science.
This is an introductory course to Python.
So far really good in teaching the basics
the course could have more Python details
Very informative course for a beginner...
Wish the exercises were more challenging
Good Course added with practice sessions
need to update some imports in notebooks
The lecture is good, but a bit too easy.
It was amazing Juerny Thank you so much
Not as detail oriented as I was hoping
Well explained and guided throughout!
A fine introduction but nothing more.
good course, but not that challenging
More practice exercises would be cool
Nicely done. However it is too easy.
It was good to revisit some details.
some of the materials were confusing
Great course for an almost beginner.
Speech to text notebook didn't work.
Good for very basic python maneuvers
Good overview of python programming.
Structured, well-paced and helpful.
the Watson lab guide is not updated
The platform is so confusing to use
Very useful and interactive course!
Good introductory course for Python
Very good course about basic phyton
This was really awesome experience
It is a good course for beginners.
More exercises could be worked on.
Excellent teaching and assignement
Less opis related to Data Science
More hands-on practice is needed.
Good videos and nice explanation.
Well structured and very helpful!
Enforcing IBM tools is not good.
should be a little more in depth
Very good interactive learning.
Good content and well explained
Easy for now beginner of python
confusing examples in the video
it covers all the python basics
Aptly tailored for beginners :)
Absolutely good for beginners.
Very Good introductory course.
MORE HOME WORK PLEASE !!!!!!!
It's very good for beginners.
week 5 instructions are trash
IT was very helpful for me .
good course basic will clear
Was a ood experience for me.
I understand python clearly
it need to be more advanced
Good introduction to Python
So good and practiced alot
Good stuff well explained!
Very basic and easy course
Great course, very helpful
good course for beginners!
Great course for starters!
Good entering into Python
Overall, a great course.
Good course! Thanks IBM!
Teacher speaks too fast
could be more in detail
Course content is good.
good hands-on completed
good course, I liked it
Great and nice course.
good hands-on approach
Problem with some labs
good practice session
project can be better
Nice for basic python
Needs more material
Lab are not graded.
Good basic course..
very simple course
This was good one
was so difficult
A good Course!
very simple...
Easy to learn.
Basic stuff
its good..
learning
Every course has offered something interesting, challenging, and surprising.  I am glad I have spent the time with this class.  I would strongly recommend it to others with an interest in data science.
Very good course for people who do not know Python. It just starts with the basic and focuses on data structures which is essential for Data Science. Does not teach you any unessential Python syntax which will not be useful in this specialization course. If you know any programming language, you will get it (because Python is easier and simpler than the language you know :)
The final assignment changed during the course from fake album cover to economic data analysis and dashboarding.The code provided in the work book was incomplete and not sufficient to generate the dashboard in the note book.Instructions were not sufficiently clear to help the students figure out how to create a url link to their dashboard.
The lessons are very concise, the most fundamental concepts are taught appropriately, and beginners can learn quick. The exercises are not too hard to make you lose interest, and not too easy that they become boring. I was totally immersed in the course so I found this greater than any physical classroom lessons. 6 STARS!
Excellent outline. This course performs fabulous way for beginner can achieve the python language effortlessly.
it becomes easier wand clearer when one gets to complete the assignments as to how to utilize what has been learned. Practical work is a great way to learn, which was a fundamental part of the course.
Python is just what is in trend and not because of its usability, but it is just anybody can use with wide use case in each and every domain. A good start for someone looking for a start with Python
All the basics for Data Science with Python. You wont be a master programmer after this class but you will understand the basics and computer logic in regards to data handling and cloud management.
the final assingment is somewhat tricky, but it's ok
From zero knowledge to a good knowledge on Python.
I had done other Python introductory courses and this one was excellent, if not the best, very clear and well organized, a pity that the final assignment is somewhat chaotic, too easy and outdated. They should take care of the final works as a way to give additional value to the work we do when studying it.
The syllabus of the course takes you in a roller-coaster ride.From basic level to advance level and you won't feel any trouble nor hesitate a bit.It's easy, it's vast, and it's really usefull.
I think it is very good course to start data science with python. Modern methods and python libraries for data manipulation are included.But as course was first created at 2017, there are some small parts of IBM Cloud setttings has been changed. This makes misunderstanding at week 4, then you need to use cloud servises. Fortunately I understood that services became simpler. But I ask creators to fix the "creating project" part.
this is the touch week for me cos there is getting trouble in creating storage , bucket and credential on ibm cloud. Finally I passed the steps and got the certification. Actually very experience week.
The course was indeed helpful to learn Python, made it very simple. Though the final test had question which was not very detailed - like I was not clear where to get the GDP data for US etc.
With MATLAB being my programming fluency, Python was very confusing at times. This was the course I needed to explain the most common data types in python in a clear and very concise manner.
Great Learning Experience. Syllabus structure is great to learn python program, algorithms, connecting database and retrieving the records using data frame. Thanks to the professor.
What a brilliant way of learning. This course  proved a real treat for me. I really enjoyed this course. Thanks COURSERA for producing such a high quality course contents.
There are some issues related to the last assignment. Some more clarity about the use of IBM watson studio would be useful for the students who attends this course.
Compared to other introductory courses, I liked the things taught. Simple yet very useful and seamless to learn. Could be even better with more practice or labs.
Great class! it would be better if the final task instruction could focus more on python itself than on the storage system.
Very comprehensive and the format was able to get me using Python right away.  The hands on is fantastic!
outstanding hands on training, very easy to understand how to apply the theory on the class labs
I've never touched Python before this course. I'm so glad I started with this specialization!
Kudos to the team, the course is really brief and practical to give lot of real-time insights
An excellent class for providing the specific Python functions for performing data science.
Not a big fan of this course. As a beginer, I feel a lot slides aren't intuitive enough.
I have understood Python basics and handling data with python. Thanks for this course
generally practical,perhaps the quizzes should include some numpy nd array stuffs.
really good overview and introduction to python syntax and simple packages
Great course. Need to add labs as graded assignments. Would be better
Great Course! Learned a lot. Excellent Instructor.Quality Education
Nice fundamental course for python implementation in data science.
Good introduction of Python for beginners. Thanks to IBM.
Course structure, and the assignments are excellent..!
excelent course to start with python for data science
Very good assignment, but need an update in IBM part
The teacher explain all technical skills patiently.
Very  well-designed external programming platform
very nice course to learn python for beginners.
super fun and interactive.. highly recommended
Excelent Python introduction to Data Science
I learned a lot.It boosted my confidence
Very comprehensive! like the labs a lot!
Great Python Course From Zero to Hero.
Brilliant course for beginners.
Such a nice iinstructor it was
great learning experience..!!
Great for a beginner
This course was a perfect introduction to python for data
science. I already have a B.S. in political science which required a few
semesters of statistics. We mainly used Excel and SPSS. I wish I had taken a
course like this because Iâ€™ll say that I much prefer Python to SPSS and Excel.
I find Python more functional but far less user friendly. What helped a lot
here was that I have a background in windows and pc hardware. I also have a
little experience with Linux and .bash scripting. Iâ€™ll admit, this course would
have been much more difficult without the computer knowledge I already had. Iâ€™m currently working full-time trouble shooting large 3D printers 40 hours a week. Iâ€™ve
been pondering what to go to graduate school for. This course has helped with
that decision. Iâ€™m leaning toward a masters in the applied data science. I plan on taking the other data science and applied data
science courses on Coursera as well. Any and all continued learning I can get
will be valuable. What was most challenging? Learning the syntax and structure
of the python language. Iâ€™m still learning it and itâ€™s going to take quite a
lot of effort to master it. Attention to detail is an absolute must in
programming or codingâ€”albeit a short script or manipulating a data set. Also, I found that the Anaconda suite was the best choice
to complete the course. It was a little more user friendly than the bare-bones IDLE/Python combination.
I was a complete newbie to Python, and coding in general, and this course made it easy for even a beginner like me to understand. I would honestly love to take an extended version of this course. That said, I have recommendations for improvement:1) the labs didn't really make you think terribly hard about how to solve the questions, and I would have loved more complex lab work, especially because of the next point... 2) The complexity of the final project basically skyrockets from the rest of the course work. I feel like an extra week or two of going over the additional knowledge necessary to really succeed in the final project without major struggle would help tremendously. Conceptually, it seemed like it should be REALLY easy... if only I had a little more applicable practice work under my belt before hand. (I finished it successfully, but it was a bigger struggle than it perhaps should have been. I think many other people are in the same boat.)
This action-pack course is exactly what I am looking for. It's down-to-earth and practical. Instructors explain with videos once, then you get walk through in the labs, like a step by step guide.The videos are of bitesize length so it's easier to concentrate on the concepts., and followed by quizzes that ask only the essentials. i love the part that i can experiment with the code myself after researching the concepts further on the internet.It may be pretty demanding for complete beginners because each concept is introduced very succinctly, so if you have no clue with python at all, i think you need to research extra a lot in order to understand the concept. There are also a few minor typos which may affect the understanding, just really minor ones like a becomes b while b becomes a, or some general english typos.Perfect for those who want to get a taste immediately what data science looks like, like myself.
The courses on the Applied Data Science specialization will spoil Coursera for you. I tried the Applied Data Science specialization out of curiosity; and quite frankly, I was happily surprised by quality. I really enjoyed the narrator and the amount of work put into the slides. They are effective at getting the point across and the course content gives you exactly what you need to succeed on the tasks at the end; granted, you have to put in some work, but overall is quite manageable to an "advanced beginner" like me. I felt challenged but not overpowered by the content. I really can't say enough good things about the this specialization and this course.
A highly recommended course for students/professionals who want
to learn about Python Programming and its fundamentals. Your journey in this
course starts by familiarizing yourself with Python Basics (Data Types,
Expressions, Variables & Operations) in Module 1 and learning about Python
Data Structures (Lists, Tuples, Sets & Dictionaries) in Module 2. Module 3
focuses on Programming Fundamentals (Conditions, Branching, Functions, Objects
& Classes), whereas Module 4 gives you a hands-on experience of working with
Data in Python. As you reach the end, Module 5 tests your knowledge and skills through a Final Project.
Great overview of Python. It's quite a useful quick brief explanation of how touples, lists, sets, dictionaries, classes, defining a function, file reading/writing, logic statements, data frames, single and two dimensional arrays and a few packages work.  Honestly, most of it would probably be gibberish/hard to follow if one didn't already have a computer programming I and possibly computer programming II course from a college or university under their belt. I feel like these could have been way more graded assignments/quizzes applicable and easily-made.
This is a good module for beginners in Python like myself. Great amount of examples and functions in the module which if practiced a few times will help understand them completely. I felt there would be no use in just rushing through the entire module and took time as scheduled and practiced the functions every now and then to get a better grasp.May be the last bit on APIs was a difficult and the "nba_api" by Swar Patel was a bit sudden and I got lost.But the final assignment was just perfect to understand my knowledge on the module.
Classic! For someone who has never programmed in his life but is gritty enough to make it to the field of Data Science, this course is a must. The way even most complicated concepts are explained smoothly and easiely, just loved it. Labs are exceptional. The way this course caters to the need of new programmers is highly appreciable. This would surely motivate budding Data Scientists and would instil much needed confidence in them.No doubt much effort was put to make this course the waay it is. Loved it!
The course is systematically developed and clearly delivered. Through this course, I enriched my knowledge on the basic grammar of Python and acquired a new skills, just running towards my goal to be an outstanding Data Analyst. I will continue with the rest 3 courses included in the program Applied Data Science powered by IBM , with a strong belief that more values and competences could be added on myself after the completion of this program. Keep on moving forward!
This is the first time programming has made sense to me. The format and explanations simplified the material into understandable chunks. There were times a lot of concepts were reviewed at once without a lot of background (when and why would one use a list versus a dictionary versus etc., what on earth are 1 and 2 dimensional numpys for), but the final assignment did much to combine most of the material into a practical use example. Looking forward to learning more.
This course was very helpful for me to understand all the basic concepts in python. I learned how to code in Python programming language. It covered the portions of the course content very well. Now i can analyze the data, can make a dashboard any many more things I learned here in this courses and thanks again to COURSERA for accepting my financial aid application. I was unable to pay. But now with support I've completed my course and learned a lot.
This is an excellent introductory course to Python and key libraries. Just what I was looking for! I found the exercises to be fun and helpful in revising my learnings.Compared to the first 4 courses in the IBM data sciene certification, there is definitely a lot more meat to the bone here. So be prepared for a steep learning curve if you decide to complete the course in a single stretch, even if you have a prior programming background.
Excellent Course. The lab session helps to understand the concept in details. Jupyter Notebook knowledge will help in a practical session. Speech to Text example through IBM Watson indeed gives the basic understanding of cloud computing and API. Much more examples can be added. Introduction to data writing/saving through pandas' library and analysis,  help to dive in the Data Science world.thank you for such a wonderful course.
My heartfelt thanks to the course era team & IBM team by providing such huge opportunity to learn the Python by simple video explanation and continued with practice method. definitely this learnings will take me into next level of my career. After completing this course i completely admired about your team efforts by the way of syllabus framing and simple video learning cum quiz approach, Cloud practices.ThanksSilambarasan K
Very intensive course with lots of new and essential information for newbies in Python. Gives if not enough knowledge to start (which is hardly achievable within short course) but gives enough understanding of direction where to search and how to do things. Final assignment appeared not to be clean and straightforward but all my questions were answered in forum (hence I suppose it was not unclear not for me only). Good luck!
This is a great way to learn Python for beginners. The videos are short and to the point. Instead of just showing the raw codes, the course helps you visualize how the codes are operating in the background using very simple figures/animations. The intermittent quizzes in the videos and the quizlet for each section was super helpful too in keeping track of your understanding. Highly recommend this course!
This course is really amazing. Anyone who doesn't know about python a Lil bit can also be master in python with this course. The instructors were really amazing and taught each topic clearly. I would recommend this course to everyone who wants to learn python basics as well as explore what python can do in Data science and AI. Thank you, Coursera and IBM for providing such a great course.
I can imagine the amount of effort put by authors to teach the Python basics even for people with limited programming experience. Hats off to the authors and team which put together such an easy to understand notebooks. I was able to generate the URL for the dashboard though it was optional. So inspiring was the quality of teaching material, I didn't want to disappoint my masters.
I am a new learner in the field of Data Science , this course will help me a lot in understanding the basic concepts of python & data science also the instructor of this course will explain the things very well , very clearly & have very good course content in terms of quality. So overall this course is amazing for any one who wants to start carrier in the field of Data Science
i was so happy in this course like lab materials and lecture also wonderful ; i got a lot of knowledge as developing country instructor such like learning system is helpful to improve our knowledge and to forward to our colleague and Students too . Finally i would like to thank you Coursera and IBM for this opportunity to get knowledge and skill what i wish easily by online
I have passed few courses as python for everyone (amazing course), but was stopping the course due to moving to new country, enough stress to be distracted :-)... Now, as we were been told to stay home as much as possible, the time has come to re-kindle my passion, Python!. Brilliant course due to your simple explanation knitted with straightforward animation. Well done!
This is one of the best Data Science courses I have taken! It is marked for "five weeks" but can be done in a week for beginners. It teaches Python while breaking down complex data management tasks into manageable pieces. There were some typos and out-of-date links (warning was given) but nothing major. I definitely recommend this course to people new to Data Science.
Good Day
I sincerely thank Coursera and IBM for this opportunity   .Thanks and Warm Regards.ABHIJIT SENGUPTAPortfolio URL :  https://about.me/abhijitsenguptaWebsite :  www.pactolianconsulting.comE - Mail :  abhijit@pactolianconsulting.comKolkata , IndiaSkype : abhijit.sengupta357
Ph. : + 91 33 25907110
Cell : + 91 9163863607
Whatsapp : + 91 8017648297
+ 91 6290750012
Not an easy course, yet a truly excellent one!  It is a solid starting point on mastering advanced concepts related to understanding and using Python programming language to manage data. Not only you learn the Python libraries involved in data science, but also how to work work with APIs to connect to other platforms or web services to build a powerful application.
Eventhough this is not my first time to learn python, I found the course could define the terms of python pinpoint and helps our brain to use the terms correctly. However, updating the materials such as hands on lab is essential to reduce the time learning (as there's one or some files are no longer exist but still need to use in the final assignment)
A good course to learn basics of Python so as to facilitate analysis and visualization of data to make effective decisions. I thank the professors to make this course interesting and worth it. Only thing is, videos can be made in a better way so as to facilitate people with non programming background. Maybe some basics of programming would help.
This course provided me an ample of basics knowledge in python for data science. I surely recommend everyone to take this course and it's not necessary that you must have a computer science or IT technology related knowledge to take this course. Everyone who has inspiration to learn about python in data science can take this course.
Earlier I was keen interested in doing this course and thought what I will learn in just a small video but I'm amazed how good the course is structured and learned a basics of Data Analysis. The project at the end was really helpful. It was my 3rd course in a row and happy to learn more. Thanks faculty members and Coursera team.
I think overall the course is fairly good in teaching the fundamentals of python. The only thing I'd say is that you get to learn a lot of codes during the lecture, but examples aren't that abundant or challenging to really test the skills. I think there should be less coding more practicing to learn these fundemantals by heart.
Very good course to get familiar with all the basics of Python and it's application in Data Science.Ton of knowledge is packed in just a few minutes of video and also there are quizes in the video to check if you are paying attention or not...(TIP: always try to search for a little extra by googling stuffs if u are a beginner. )
This was a great paced intro to Python. I thoroughly enjoyed the examples used. It would be nice if the Final lab was updated to reflect the correct instructions on using the IBM Cloud Based Storage to create a URL link fo the dashboard the student creates. Luckily this information was at the top of the Week 5 discussion page.
Well! Course is quite better as expected from Coursera. Content of the course is specifically related to the core data science modules and with an extraa advantage as basics of Pyhton Programming fundamentals. Overall, the course is excellent for begineers who wants to build their career in the field of Data science and AI.
I think it's difficult to understand for who are new in programming. And I think some topic must be added in course. Such as, how can we take input and the key features of object oriented programming . But for the beginner the whole shyllabus of this course is enough to understand the basic operation of python programming.
A very useful and insightful course for any one looking to rewind its structured programming basics and develop functional knowledge of python and more advance libraries i.e. numpy, pandas, matplotlib, bokeh plots and many more. Cloud computing in practice, fundamental intelligence in speech recognition and much much more
The course itself is very interesting and has taught me a lot. There were some technical problems with accessing the final project but these were resolved quickly and my final project was marked within less than two hours. Overall a good experience which I can recommend for anyone interested in Python and Data Science.
I am a complete fresher when it comes to Python. I have only a little background of learning a bit of Java. I found this course very easy to understand and the Labs were the actual highlight of this course where I learned the most. If you are taking this course, do the labs thoroughly there a lot to take away. Enjoy!!
On of the best course that I took on Coursera since it covers python from the basics. It gives an good  idea about how to use the tool in an application oriented manner. The  final assignment was the best as it covers almost all the  exercises of past weeks. also it gives an real life application of how to use python.
This course covers the basics of Python in great detail. The videos were easy to follow and backed by exercises giving the student an opportunity to see the code and its effect in action. I do have programming experience but am new to Python and I am very glad I utilized the pandemic period to start with a new skill.
Well organized course with effective material to get acquainted with the usage of Python in Data analysis. Thanks, Coursera and IBM also for this platform, if anyone really cares about learning definitely they should have a look into it. One more thing a basic knowledge of Python will help to make it smooth learning.
Well organized course. First couple of lessons are a bit slow (at least if you have experience from other statistical software), but quickly picks up pace and has some really interesting assignments. A few bugs/typos in some of the exercises but maybe that was on purpose to keep us on our toes? Would recommend.
Covered the basic pretty well. Introducing some challenging problems would have been really helpful, even if it was to be made optional. Rather than giving 5-10% grades for each quiz, we could have made the final assignment tougher & with more problems for testing. The test only incorporated problems on pandas.
This course was really great, it helped grow a foundation for Python in context of Data Science. It helped me get over a learning plateau I've been at for some time to feel more comfortable with coding. The coursework and labs were top notch, I'm quickly becoming a fan of IBM Watson Studio from this as well.
MOST IMPORTANT PART OF  THE COURSE THIS PYTHON FOR DATA SCIENCE AND AI  DUE TO PROGRAMMING SKILL DEVELOPMENT AND IMPROVE YOUR SKILL FOR DATA SCIENCE FIELD  PANDA AND NUMPY SMALL INTRODUCTION STARTING BASE WORK VERY GOOD MOST IMPORTANT COMPLETE  THE ASSIGHNMENT THANK YOU  FOR THE COURSERA COMMUNITY
Very good course, you can gain a lot of knowledge through well explained videos and labs.One small issue though. There's a reference in the final Lab to a tutorial called PROVISIONING AN OBJECT STORAGE INSTANCE ON IBM CLOUD. This tutorial was not previously mentioned at all throughout the course.
This course definitely helps guide you through some basics of Python but it really is up to you to practice on your own in the labs. The video lectures with the diagrams and the voiceover are extremely helpful. Overall, I'd recommend this course to any beginner who is looking to learn Python.
It was a good course. Not that. I leaned  lot but I believe I haveth to learn  bit more on Functions, API Calls and applications of different API to match with parameters. However the instructions were good, understandable and lucid in substantiation. Helpful are the aspects of taking Notes.
The content was evenly spread out throughout the lessons, I am a programmer so I think I had an advantage, but this was a challenging course considering the amount of diffrent technologies involved.I appreciated very much the succint explanations....objects in Python in a 10 minutes video ;)
Excellent way to kick start Python learning, I think the best things here was the labs which use to demonstrate how things are working. A Tip for learners : If you take everything too easy and not focus you will be spending whole weekend to find out issue was due to a missing semi colon :)
Literally an amazing course! I'm so thankful that i get this course and learned so many things which i don't know about the python and data, though i don't know it's my luck or opportunity that i get this course as an a knowledge. So thank you coursera for this excellent session/course.
I think it is a fundamental course for Python elementary learners. The instruction is very detailed and complete for Python basic. And I believe that through the gradual studying in the following lessons, your analytical and programming capacity will be leveraged and enhanced. Thanks.
It is really a great course, starting off with the basics and briefly covering all the fundamental modules required  for Data Science. It is a beginner level course, so if one is comfortable with Python basics as well as Numpy and Pandas modules, it will serve as a refresher course.
Great course for beginners in python who want to pursue a career in Data Science. Learnt a lot of beneficial concepts regarding how to write code with regards to Data Science. The graded quizzes are simple if the students have understood the concepts well. Definitely recommend it.
Is being great studying this course from the beginning. I'm really astonished at the compilation of the syllabus in a very comprehensive and straight-forward steps. This course has really helped me to understand the basics of python including its adoption in everyday programming.
Interesting course on Python. I must suggest this course to a beginners in Data Science as well as in Python like me.  As always classic presentation, selection of contents, hand on experience through Lab., Quizzes etc. are  beautifully designed.  Thank You for this course...
It essentially provides you with the head start you need to exploit Python in the field of data science. Also, if you happen to have a programming background, it would be a nice piece of cake to get you started on your first awesome day on Data science. Here's to many more!
The course was excellent for learning and applying python at the same time. The course is perfectly designed for all kind of learners, excercises and labs helps a lot to grab the concepts. Thank you coursera for giving me this wonderful opportunity to learn this course
More interactive assignments leading into the final project would be useful.  I needed to resource outside reading to fully understand the final project.  However, the final project did force me to develop a much stronger understanding of python code and how it works.
I particularly enjoyed using Jupyter notebooks for the labs. It was actually fun to introduce different variables to see what would happen to the output. Plus, it made importing libraries very easy, and helped me better understand them in general, particularly NumPy.
This is a great course for a beginner, the illustrations and training are well structured for quicker understanding. The discussion forum allows for effective collaboration with like minds. Overall, the course is a great starting point for data scientist enthusiast.
The Course is designed and framed in a simplistic and ergonomically way easy to learn and understand.Quiz questions are completely based on understandings from the course. And finally, the last analysis project gives a complete overview of what you have understood.
It was a good training course, with lots of good materials, visuals, and hands-on exercises. The integration of this course with IBM Watson is definitely an add-value. I  did like also the possibility to share my labs to GIT Gist. I really recommend this training.
Outstanding curation of the material and presentation at a pace that was easy to understand. The optional part of the quiz was very difficult -- why make the user type in so many file names, parameters etc. to generate a URL -- that could all have been automated.
This course gives an perfect introduction to the basics of python for data science with the help of some python packages like numpy,pandas,mathplotlib etc, apart from this the course also gives brief understanding of using if,else,for loop,functions in python.
Code is beautifully explained, Skill cloud lab is amazing to work upon. I can use jupyter notebook and Turi whenever I want to. I had a major problem installing Turi in my windows platfrom, version and resources never matched. Thank you IBM for this platform.
Never learned so much things in so short time. Thanks to the instructors for the amazing course and didatics used. The animations explaining each concept in each class was the cherry on top of it. Impossible not to understand. You're the best teachers ever.
Very interesting. Adequate level to start using python. The only section that I found less interesting was the section on APIs, the description of the code for the connection with the service providers was a little bit confusing.Overall excellent course!
Having taking the Machine Learning Coursera from Univ. of Washington, I left this was a much better explained and presented course explaining the information behind what was taught quite well.  I could recommend this course to new Python programmers.
It was a good experience to learn and get to know about the Python for Data science through the medium Coursera. I confidently say that I am conversant in this field and I will definitely get the golden opportunity to be a part of the Data Scientist.
Excellent course. This course teaches plenty about the introduction to using common data science analysis tools like Python. Anyone would benefit from taking this course and learning to use amazing frameworks like Python's pandas or numpy frameworks.
This course as part of the IBM Data Science Professional specialisation is a great way to learn foundational Python skills for applying in data analysis and AI.  The resources provided by IBM offer a great opportunity to practice on your own time.
It was good experience of learning, the way course has been designed and very good point is the interactive part, where immediately there is question answer session. Specially the course content and gradually moving towards detail, i like that!
The course was very knowledge-enriching and easy to follow. Most of the concepts in Python necessary for Data Science were covered, and examples were practical. Videos were also explained very well, and the exams were really highly thought-of.
Easy to understand, this course is very suitable for beginners. Quickly understand the basic syntax of Python and interesting IBM cloud, and the labs provided.There are many very good practice questions to help students understand the content.
A bit slow for me in the beginning since I've had experience with other languages but would defintely benefit anyone new to programming in general.It picks up at week 3 and I learned ALOT specially about Pandas and Numpy. Great course overall
I believe this course really gave me a flavor of how to extract data from Data libraries and how can we analyze them using different functions. I will recommend any beginner interested in data analytics to take up this course and start away.
Perfect course for someone with no experience in Python. Starts with the basics and builds up from there. The videos are well put together and the assignments help clarify the concepts presented in the videos. Overall, was very informative.
The language used in the videos was simple,the labs assignment was very well managed never faced a difficulty in understanding anything.The course was short but useful in learning the python language as a complete beginner to the language.
I like the content of the course. The practical approach of the course makes me understand the things quite easily and its boosting my confidence on new technology. I would recommend others please go through each bit of practical content.
Python for Data Science and AI was an excellent introductory Machine Learning and AI course using Python.  Previous programming experience is highly recommended.  I had some Python experience but significant PHP, JS, and Ruby experience.
I recommend this course to all Data Science enthusiasts, it strengthens your Python foundation needed for Data Science coding skills. Thanks a lot Coursera for such a wonderful course which helped me in my Data Science Journey. Cheers!!!
There
is a lot to of interesting arguments to learn in this course. At my opinion
some more examples on loops can be necessary to better explain this argument. Overall
the course is well structured, and the lessons well explained.
That is amazing and really most valuable course for me! Thanks a lot for your contributions! Although I am a beginner on Python and also data science, this course is basic and easy to understand for me and I think for everybody.
I loved how the Object-oriented programming part was explained. A little more emphasis on Pandas and Group-by in Pandas would have been really good. Overall, a very good course for beginners to start their data science journey.
Great slides and explanations. Excellent dashboard to keep track of your progress. Maybe the instructions for creating the final project with Watson Studio could be a bit more clear but they are manageable. Overall a 5* course.
This is a good course to take for beginners. It has complete lessons from basic python to Jupyter lab and API that are really useful to start as fundamentals in Data Science. Highly recommended for new comers to Data Science.
I liked this material a lot. Being a beginner in Python or any programming language, I have been able to push myself gaining knowledge from zero to 60%. This course has helped me in increasing my confidence level on coding.
I've studied a bit of Programming at the university, but didn't have a chance to try Python. This course turned out to be a good entering point for someone interested in using Python for Data Science and Machine learning.
I want to thank Coursera for this course and the opportunity that they gave me to learn and do my best to finish this part of the course. I am applying what I learned from this course and I will do my best to learn more.
Very interesting course material!  Great introduction to Python's capabilities.The final project was fun and solidified the aspects taught in the class.  
  Recommend this for anyone interested in programming in Python.
This course provides an excellent introduction to the language through video lectures, quizzes, and labs. Mathematical functions and visualization examples enable users to understand practical applications of the tool.
it was a great experience and i want to thank IBM and Coursera fo presenting these valuable material and i highly recommend it for all people interested in learning Ai and machine learning to start with this course.
the course is very good, pays attention to detail as not all learners are the same in grasping materials.Also, it is very demanding and requires continuous studies.Overall it's very educative, and engaging plus fun.
Very interesting course to learn the essential concepts of Python. The examples and the exercises provide a clear view of this programming language and how to apply it to extract, manipulate and present your data.
As a Beginner in coding, I had to learn from basics. The teaching method helped me understand all the complex concepts as well. Thanks to IBM Studios. Looking forward for more such courses. Excellent Experience.
Illustrated Information.Detailed, easy to understand materialFocused information on a specific target (python for data science)The most important point is the availability of strong and well-organized notebooks.
It was really great experience learning Python for Data Science and AI.it help me learning many skill that i never learned before.And the final project was very helpful working with data and making a dashboard.
Very nice course to get started with Python for Data Science and AI.It also gives hands on to create basic AI applications such as speech-to-text and language translation using IBM Watson.So a very nice course.
It's a great course and the things which i learned in this course was really a necessity for me and for my future and now i have learned Python for Data Science and AI i will augment it and improve my skills.
This is an important class and moment for me. This program and Coursera is amazing. This was a challenging course, sure introductory, but as a newbie to Python, I think I c an move on to intermediate Python.
The final project is as much as you put into it. I learned a lot and had to go back to my notes, past reading, etc. to complete the Fake Album Cover. I cannot wait to do more projects like this! Great class!
This course successfully gave me a basic foundation of Python for Data Science. I had a chance to learn about pandas and numpy, which are really essential for me as an Data Analyst Intern.Thank you so much!
It's really helpful for python beginners! It's easy to make you insist on it.But at the same time, the quizes can be a little too easy or too few sometime, but other than that everything's great! Thank you!
I like it! The way it introduces the concepts and syntax. This is not for people that haven't programmed, but for people with skills in programming this should be enough to start in Python for Data Science
Very well designed course.Teaching is thorough and does not require any previous knowledge of coding.Resources are up to date and access to the right cloud platforms to perform the tasks.Well done to IBM.
This Course provides a good supportive platform to enter into the field of Data Science as the learning begins from the scratch and give you a clear picture of your progress towards gaining the knowledge.
Its a great start with python, classes are easy to understand and quizzes are relevant to the topic that are going trough out the videos. Thank you everyone who spend their time to teach us.  Well done.
Very good narration of topics. Although one can't become an ace in Python, it gives you all the basic fundamentals. Few topics were very well outlined in order to make the concept understood by anyone.
It's been a very exciting journey and last project was just awesome... It's gives me real world problem. Videos are short and a lot informations provided in that. can't wait for the next course.....
I liked the course as it gives a quick introduction to the concepts of python and its libraries Pandas and Numpy. I really enjoyed doing lab work using IBM Watson Studio. It was a great experience.
Excellent course I loved it the way of explanation of every topic wow coursera I love you I love....  YouI wish you will provide more free courses through financial aid due to my poor background
Thanks for teaching such a dynamic course . i have been very thank full Joseph Santarcangelo and IBM and also Coursera. i will suggest this course to my junior , collegues and my siblings too.
one of the best courses i have learned in programming. The course is well designed with videos and lab exercises. Thank you so much IBM Team and Coursera Team for providing such quality works
Deep thank you to instructor Joseph Santarcangelo.  it was nice encouraging learning experienceNice Course, with intro to pandas and Numpy Library. I wish assignment would be more lengthier.
the assignment' instructions need to be a little more clear. please do update the exercises for pandas and numpy. two practice assignments similar to the final assignment will be very useful
I liked the course. It gave all the python basics and covered how to use pandas and numpy libraries. However, I think there should be more extensive and comprehensive evaluative components.
Its good course, this course will tell you how to use data structure, pandas , numpy etc using examples.Good theory material for each topic like function, List, Set etc.Thanks all the best
Very good step by step course for learning python.Some of the more abstract concepts like Classes and instances could be better explained. It would be very helpful for more novice students
Great approach, a well-guided route through the discoveries of Data Science. stimulating for curious people of all kind of levels, passionate about IA or just interested in new challenges.
I like the cloud labs and the final assignment, though it is not very difficult and straightforward, it does teach you the core concepts of a data science and usefulness of python, pandas
I'm very impressed with the clear instructions given. At some points, I got anxious but it does not take long before I realised the information or data I need is there. Great job Joseph!
this is good for those people who wants to understand the basic of python,numpy,pandas and file handling.you also get knowledge of IBM watson cloud service and get the knowledge of API .
They teach basic steps in python, also using the library panda and numpy. The classes are very well organized. I wish they could disponibilize and pdf material to review when necessary.t
I have learned  syntax and the basic technique to deal with data-frame . It is very nice introduction to data science world . I am very  thankful to instructor Joseph Santarcangelo  Sir
Great introduction to Python.  Obviously this course couldn't teach you everything about Python, but had just enough information to get you started and peek your interest to learn more.
This is one of the finest and best courses to be enrolled and get  started to pursue our careers as Data Scientist ,Absolutely loved it ,and its very interactive in terms of everything
The course address the basic python for data science and AI. It laid down a solid foundation to build on in the journey of becoming a professional data scientist in the nearest future.
It was a good introduction to Python for Data Science, it can feel a little bit simple if you already know Python, but it is good to remember some core concepts and to get into pandas.
it was great course to do i was so addicted i was just completing it fast without taking break. i think i hopefully done good job to join this course and use this time for this course
The material is presented in a gradual build-up manner which makes it easy. The assignment filled my mind with lots of possibilities of where the material I have learned can take me.
Excellent beginner program.When reviewing peers, prompt that opens for peers answer should be zoomable. I was having difficulty in viewing the answer. Or should open in another link.
It was a very good course for me which helped me for learning basic python programming for data science and AI.Thank You coursera for giving me this opportunity to learn this course.
well truly speaking , my experience will learning python at coursera was awesome and i enjoyed a lot .they provieded such a big platform which I was wondring for .thank you coursera
Different concepts have been explained very clear in this course, like list, set, dictionary, object and class. Last time I was quite confused about all these, now I am quite clear.
Overall good learning.The final assignment(peer-graded) could have been made more exhaustive.
There were many things we learned during the course but End assignment was too simple.
Perfect for students starting their career in Data Science, also much emphasis is given on Application.The last assignment which was given was fantastic! Really liked the content.
Excellent fundamentals!  Even with years of programming, I learned some of the things I had grossed over--those things you can know but not with intuition if you know what I mean.
I really enjoying studying this course and was highly engaged in each week's course materials.  I hope coursera can provide a complete set of the materials in slides (PPT or PDF).
When you try to do what you have learned by videos in lab then this is very good start for beginners, in fact this is the best way to learn python language quickly.  Solid course!
The course is really is very good.I would like to go with this course for beginners especially for beginners as it provides much of python basics which is needed for data science.
I found the 
final lab challenging and a great opportunity to apply what I learnt . Practical and interesting. Feel as though I have accomplished a lot in a short period of time.
The course covers basics of the Python required for Data science in good manner. You would need to have good practice, to clear the exam and it is designed in a very great manner
Thanks for the challenging Final Project.  I learned a lot more than I expected from this course.  The Final Project presented a few items that required me to expand my thinking.
A good course which introduces us to the beginner modules of python. The final project also makes us use the introduced concepts and serves the purpose of being a building block.
A rewarding experience because I have been able to learn very valuable information. It is an excellent course. It has helped me in the personal and professional field. Thank you.
it's really awsome course for beginners i learned basic python from this course which is helping to build mini project  so thank you coursera and all the teacher thanku so much
The course is well planned and taught with videos explaining the concepts and code briefly such that, the learner has a prior idea while practicing using the notebook lab file.
Really well presented. As an experienced engineer, it was just what I needed to pick up Python but I imagine it can work for beginners too with a bit more homework and research
Python course was nice from IBM. The instructor was good and you will learn a lot from these short videos. I recommend to take this course and find out yourself how good it is.
This was amazing. I already have 2 years of experience with Python, but only in a very limited functionality. And this made me fall in love with Pandas and Numpy. Thank you!
I find it neccessary to say that the course was great, anyway a little bit more of practical exercises will be excelent anyway, focused on apply tehm in our day to day jobs
The course is good enough for beginners and the final assignment was related to the topics reviewed trough  the classes.  I do not find any difficult to complete it at all
Awesome and very helpful. This is my first step towards the Machine Learning & AI path. I am very much confident on my journey now as I got the kickstart with this course.
Great learning experience. I appreciate the  way of teaching and tests taken place. Now I am able to understand what is Python and how we can use for Data Science and AI.
Very clear, even though sometimes quick (you can always have the chance to get back). Enjoy the final assignment (a bit more of a clue on scraping would have been handy).
This course provides with the required knowledge about python programming and also helps us to study the course very easily and implement the techniques in our problems.
I hope this course in the future provides more exercises that focus more on writing codes. Also, it would be even better if the videos show some real time code writing.
You did an amazing job on this course Joseph!  From the very beginning, this course is user friendly and easy to learn for people with no Python experience. Well done!
This course gives great basic of working with Python, as well as with IBM Watson and how to use its different services. Ione can learn also basics working with Pandas.
Good introduction of basics. The final, peer-graded assignment doesn't fully work, thus check comments on forums linked on the top of the course in case of any issues.
This is an excellent course to learn Python for Data Science. All course materials including lab exercise and practicing on IBM Cloud are awesome.Ashfaqul A. joarder
This course is a great one honestly with lots of interesting projects. and it is a good starting  point for anyone who want to pursue a career in Data science and AI
If you want to get started with Python, this is indeed a great course. This course covers the basics of Python and the techniques of using Python for Data Analysis.
It was very easy for one who already have studied python before. It would be more fun if it would have been more difficult. But, overall it was fabulous experience.
Course curriculum is designed in a best way . Labs are helpful for the peers to implement their knowledge and gain practical knowledge .This course helped me a lot
I think this course has some of the best Python introductions! The method used here with colorful schemes is a great way to learn some abstract concepts in Python.
This course was an amazing and fun introduction to Python for Data Science. One could learn how to expand applications from one domain to another quickly and easy.
This was a great introduction not only to Python for Data Science, but also to Jupyter Notebooks and the IBM Cloud platform.  I am completing the specialization.
This is where the certificate series gets real and it is a lot of information but was definitely the module where I decided that I would definitely be finishing.
With ease and clear cut instruction, I learn the basics of python without hassle. Anyone who wants to start a fundamental course of python should join this one!
This course was excellent. I really enjoyed it and got some great, practical experience. I'm looking forward to the other Python courses in this specialization.
Takes you from easy introductory part of variables and types to complex concepts of OOP and modules with smooth transition . Perfect course for coding rookies .
Course was good for a beginner, if someone is just starting out programming this would be a good course to begin. The course was interactive and well structured
IBM Cloud is NOT AT ALL USER FRIENDLY!The interface changes every now and then and on top there are not many resources or tutorials available to use that tool.
Great basics into python and data visualization, it was a good start and inspired me to proceed with the next courses in this specialization. Highly recommend.
It's a great course. With the material and external tool from IBM, the tutorials are well and fully expended. Hope more people could take part in this course.
Really nice, the content slide is very clearly understandable. I really enjoy this course and gained more knowledge about data science. Thanks for coursera.
you will definately enjoy this course.it consist  basics regarding Data analysis with python.And Introduction to IBM Cloud/Watson one of the API for Python.
Great course - it pushes you towards the end as you have to combine the learning that you have made during the course. Its a great investment of your time.
very well organized and structured contents. Examples and Quiz makes the course really interesting. Overall, it is an excellent course for learning Python.
It was a great experience. Before I was not good at data science, numpy and pandas, but now I'm confident about it. Thank you so much for this opportunity.
Very practical and handy. All important things covered so easily. The assignments and the codes to practice were really helpful in having hands on practice
Python for Data Science and AI . I Have learne Many Python and AI , IBM Watson Basic Function and Concept . This course is help full for me and My Project.
Very informative course with ample hands-on exercises. I liked Watson studio and its capabilities (this is the first time I ever used something like that).
It was exciting just as much as it was informative,I feel really equipped to further my studies into advanced data science and solving real life problems.
Really Great Course for beginners of Data Science, AI, Machine Learning, Statistics. All the concepts are explained in the required detail and thoroughly.
The course is really comprehensive for first-entry Python learners. The lab is also very helpful to strengthen and explore Python functions and concepts.
The course is great for those who do not have idea about what Python is and what can be done using it. Materials and assignments matched my expectations.
This kind, of course, gives us basic ideas to understand new technology from the beginning level. Thank you very much for providing such kind of course.
This is my first online programming class and I am very motivated to continue improving my skills as Data Scientist. The videos and the labs are superb!
Well explained by the instructors. Some of the chapters and ungraded notebooks didn't have quizzes. It'd be good to have them there for better practice.
The course is a great start for beginners in Python! The labs are extremely helpful and give you space to explore all the details and magic of Python :)
The course is great, but the final project was very easy and Watson IBM is different (it has updated since the course creation and some links are dead)
This course was really nice and easy learning for non-IT field people. This course designed in such away that anybody can learn in a very good manner.
This course provides a thorough introduction to Python. The concepts covered allowed me to understand best practice in programming in even more depth.
The learning curve is very gentle and the materials are complete and helpful. I would love to review the lessons again as they are easy to understand!
A good introduction to Python. It won't teach everything, but it will teach you enough to be able to find everything, and to understand how to use it.
It is a fantastic course. I have learned a lot a bout programming and data structure with python and that help me to build new models in data science
Great intro to Python with awesome Jupyter notebooks examples. Take this course if you "know" you want to learn Python and don't know where to start.
Great content, for the freshers, as some experienced person find it very easy. Good content with proper formatting and good coding practices and all.
Good course for Basic Python. Also gives a nice introduction to the Pandas and NumPy libraries in Python. The labs are very useful and well designed.
Very well explained concepts and amazing practical work ! This course is definitely a great start for people looking to learn Python for Data Science
The course was very helpful to get the knowledge of Python in applying to Data Science and AI. Thanks for the financial aid to complete this course.
A great course for Python beginners. The last homework lacks enough explanation, which confused me. However I got the solution in the course forum.
This basics programming course for data science left me feeling that Python is so nice and elegant, simple and powerful,  clear and logical.Thanks!
Great course requires no prior programming experience and covers basics in detail. Would recommend to anyone looking to start somewhere in Python.
This course is the most intense I've come across so far, but very deep and insightful at the same time. I'm happy a good foundation is being laid.
The course is really helpful to start using python and related libs for data manipulation and analysis. Much appreciated lecturers for the course!
It was one of my fav course. The hand-on labs were mind blowing. I learned a lot of new things.Thank you Coursera for bringing this course online.
Very useful course and more interactive. Examples are very easy to understand and Lab is really awesome to do our exercise and explore more on it.
Very objective and weel explained!In a short time, you can step away from non-knowledge in python to start undertanding essential Python's tools.
A great course, from the very basics to being able to actually do some useful stuff and with pointers as to where to go next. Highly recommended!
This course is easy to understand, I guess it was designed as an easy landing for a novice. It has really been helpful but I feel its not enough.
Excellent course to start with IBM Cloud infrastructure with focus on python! Extremely useful for novices and professionals in other it domains.
Great course to start with! Easy for people that are new to programming and useful for those who want to switch to another language and paradigm.
I learned skills that I could quickly apply to the tasks and similar situations in real life. Jupiter Notebooks on the IBM cloud are incredible.
It's a well-structured course with a lot of examples and practical materials. I would like to thanks and suggest to update the final assignment.
Good one.. need to place updated screenshot for the watson. Also for the week 5 storing of the file on the IBM cloud is not working as expected.
This course starts from the very basics of Python's data science, but it is very useful to understand the first steps of Data Science in Python.
The course has many deep concepts in a very short time, and I felt that the project was suddenly overloaded with respect to the topics covered.
This was an excellent course in which it tooks us from basics of Python to standard libraries and give me a glimpse of Panda and Data analysis.
A great course to learn python from scratch for data science and data analysis. Great handouts and videos and good introduction of using cloud.
I am very thankful for Coursera and IBM for making this course possible. Very nicely laid course plan with plenty of hands-on practice via labs
This course provides a good fundamental understanding of the basics of python and gives you the basic skills needed to pursue AI in the future.
Thumbs Up!Although when grading others work the AWS launch would not display others work. Other than that this was a really educational course.
awesome course, it is so simple to learn and the way they give us a platform to practice is quite awesome thanks alot for this wonderful couse
This course has helped me a lot in improving my Python skills. Also, it helped me to get comfortable with Jupyter Notebook, Watson Studio, etc
python for data science and AI was taught very well, the course is well designed. The labs and assignments are helpful to practice the skills.
I really enjoyed learning and solving, as I progressed through the course it became more challenging but I was fun!.Thank You  IBM & Coursera.
This Course helps me to put down my phobia of programming... Now I am more confident to continue programming way... Thank you Coursera & IBM.
It is the best course and I learned a lot, I can remmember other things about developer and I am very happy for stay here. Tnank you so much!
It was really cool. It was quite difficult to register everywhere in IBM cloud etc., but in general the course is strong enough and detailed
I enjoyed it. Good for beginners. As an experienced programmer, I completed all the assignments and quizzes n 12 hours. Would recommend it i
Detailed explanation of Data structures, Libraries and APIs is provided with Jupyter Notebook files.  Thanks a lot to IBM and the Teachers.
Covers basics of python in a single course. Much interesting. Both content and labs are informative and useful. Recommend this to everyone.
good presentation videos. If you know the basics of python you'll catch up quickly. simple and effective course to start with data science.
Very good introduction to python basic. Clear example illustrated , strucutred explanation. No need to have any programming language skills
Very detailed and interesting. Video supply various pictures and animation to help understand what numpy or pandas is doing. Good lecture!
I found very interesting as i am earning Python language  and IBM made simple for new beginners.Thank you IBM and Coursera  R Appala Naidu
This course is very good for those who have started learning python for data science. It covers a lot basics and is very well structured.
Very well articulated and designed . Only one thing I still didn't understand from where I have to fetch Access ID and secret access ID .
Cool and Easy and well-designed course to learn all the fundamentals and basics of Python for Data Science. I recommend it for beginners.
The contents are arranged in the right sequence to start with python. It is an ocean this provides a means to navigate through the waves.
Very good python course with a lot of quizzes. You can have a good understanding of python basics and how to use python for data science
Very good course, very didactic and with exercises that focus mainly on the use of Python in the world of Data Science.

Congratulations
All the concepts were clear.Every topic has a neat explanation with example and they have lab too for better understanding.Recommendable
Thank you joshep santarcangelo and coursera.org for your support and willingness to help millions out there, this course is very useful.
Awesome tools and very well-explained videos. I 100% recommend this course, even if you don't have a previous knowledge in programming.
Very useful and great tutorials. The lab sessions are just awesome to gain practical knowledge "learning by doing".Thanks to Coursera!!
The course provides a detailed and complete picture for the beginners like me to get the key points. Thanks! The presentation is great!
This is an introductory level course. It i good for those who have some background in programming and those who are absolute beginners.
It was a great course and the assignments were so good to sharpen our theoretical knowledge which we gained through the awesome videos
I enjoyed the course offered by IBM .They start from very basic to all the technical stuff needed to learn the Machine learning and AI
This course was great. Learned vital skills that make me feel like I have the tools needed to continue down a data driven career path.
very useful Python basics taught in a systematic way, it was good review for me, but  I also learnt something new on numpy and pandas.
Assignment is definitely tricky, given the preceeding course content. Nonetheless, once time is devoted, it will be a worthy conquest.
Very good course. Each module is well structured and the tests give good feedback that motivate you to continue with the next module.
This course is really good. I liked it and will highly recommend it to everyone. Thank you so much for this course, Coursera and IBM.
I'm Currently at week 3 and this course is very good. Nice experience .IBM created an easy to use environment for the course . Thanks
I learned a lot here, but I feel that I need to revisit a few modules that I rushed through before moving forward to the next course.
Personally, I think the course is complete and provides the skills needed to get started as a beginner Data Scientist. Thanks a lot.
It was very enjoyable and comfortable learning. My confidence is high and I am eager to learn more. Thank you for making it so easy.
It'a very professional course and I came to know about Watson and I setup this. Enjoyed a lot while learning. Thank you to coursera.
Excellent course with decent level of assignments and a catholic amount of essential knowledge covered. A highly recommended course.
This course is very suitable for beginner. You don't know anything about programming. Don't worry. This course was designed for you.
A good start for beginners in python with experience in other programming languages. Very interactive labs and good final assignment
Every concept was so clear and good understanding really I enjoyed it a lot while doing this course thanks to IBM and Coursera too.
This course help me to disclose some barrier to be a DATA SCIENTIST.It is give me chance to introduce with watson lab.Honour to IBM
Really really great and helpful to learn... somewhat faced difficulty in API that was totally different from other topics going on.
That's a great course to start Pyhton. Also, much better and much more practical, than the previous courses in this Specialization.
This course was great but I believe more examples and perhaps some scheduled coaching sessions would make this course even better.
Great course! Really covers all the relevant topics for Data Science, although I recommend more practice with Python to master it.
As being new to the world of coding, I would say the course instilled in me optimum knowledge with appropriate practice. Loved it!
A great introduction to Python and Data Science. All of the answers are available to help build your understanding of the content.
This was an extraordinary course to get accustomed to Python programming environment. Thanks a lot for all this data and training.
The teaching methodology was good, But it looks more beautiful when teaching with some IDE rather than animated slides.Thank You!
It was a very good overview for me as I have experience on working with Python before, but for beginners it is a good one indeed.
The course provides a good hands on experience on Python. The way it is being used and can be implemented as a data science tool.
Thank You Coursera for this opportunity to do this course.This Course was actually very helpful to get  an overview about Python.
This course explained all the basic Python skills required for analyzing data science problems. I loved this journey. Thank you!
I got lots Of knowledge about Data Science Through this course . This Course was very nice and impactful  for my  greater Study.
The course content and course design is excellent. Notebook examples are excellent. Thanks to the teacher and the coursera team.
Great course. Very relevant to the certificate program. I plan to go back and go over material from time to time as a refresher.
This is a great course to cut one's teeth on for python. Great pacing, and a fairly challenging final project to top it all off!
This is a great introduction to Watson Studio, the services it supports, and the use of Python with Notebooks in Watson Studio.
This is an excellent course for you to get the best of the best in the knowledge of Python tools for Data Science !  Thank you.
Give me the basic understanding of how the data science work and how python code can be used in Data science and data analysis
Excellent step by step uncovering of the topic. Well designed videos and labs. Overall a great way to be introduced to Python.
the teaching method and tools are user-friendly. Videos, instructions and tests are easy but fundamental for beginners. Great!
I was really pleased at how well the course was structured and recommend it to others looking to learn python for data science
Great introduction to Python oriented to Data Science. The lab exercises help so much to put in practice what you've learned.
A very difficult course toward the end, but well worth it. The amount I learned in doing this was beyond anything I expected.
Really liked this course, but the final Project was difficult because I consider there must be more activities like that one.
Structured and well explained. Gives you a jumpstart in python and makes it easy to navigate your way in Data Science world.
If you have basic programming skills, you will find this course useful to start leaning Python in the Data Science context
The course has fundamentally laid python foundation skills which also inspires learners to continue exploring in the area!
I enjoyed learning Data Science during this course, it is very informative and the difficulty level is very smooth for me!
A very step by step approach for a beginner to make him comfortable with all the concepts and confidently progress forward
Python Course was very informative. After completed my assignment successfully I am able to have good knowledge of python.
I loved the course but still figuring out the relevance of final assignment compared to the material thought in the course
I am very happy for this course and Thanks full to Coursera and my experience is very good.and thanks again of coursera.
A very basic introduction to python. Good course structure. Manageable even without any previous programming experience.
It was a good and crisp course which taught me fundamentals of python with two additional libraries of pandas and numpy.
This Course is very helpful for all those who want to step into the world of Data Science and AI using Python language.
Overall great content, but technical difficulties with accessing labs were painful and resulted in slowing the process.
The course framework is very well designed. Introduction to the tools like IBM Watson studio will be very much helpful.
IBM has great courses. They are clear and concise and saves a lot of time compared to courses provided by universities.
as beginner it was helpful for me i learn so much from this course. thank you Coursera for organize this course for us
Very informative and well structured. The course gives all the basics for analysing data with Python. Excellent labs!
This is an awesome course for those who want to make their career in Data Science. Make sure you practice everything.
Detailed explaination on Python concepts, but needs improvement with respect to more libraries that can be introduced
Very good course. Lectures are video and some reading and they are good. The labs are excellent. Highly recommended.
GREAT FOR BEGINNERS. EVEN YOU HAD SOME PYTHON EXPERIENCES, THIS IS GOOD TO HAVE JUST TO REVIEW THE BASIC OPERATIONS.
In this course you will learn all the basic commands of Python that companies world-wide are demanding in new hires.
Good course for getting started in data science.You get to learn about web scrapping and pandas library good course.
Amazing course providing really good exercises and examples to improve your understanding about Python Programming.
I have a problem with final assigment ,Final assigment must contain numpy,pandas,.These are so important for python
This course is as simplified as it can get and packed at the same time. Focusing on the information that is needed.
Useful course. If some of the instructions for the final Dashboard assignment are made clearer, it would be helpful
The course is helpful and essential to understand the basics of python and how its applied in Data Science and AI.
Thank you very much for offering such an amazing course. Resourses and Practicals are very easy and user friendly.
Useful course. I learned the basics of programming in python, how to manipulate data file and extract information.
This course is really helpful to the beginners.I learned basics in python for AI.I wish it would be useful to you.
Good for starting level people like me to get a bite of python. Need more practice after this orientation session.
A must-course to register, for anyone who aspires to become a data scientist. Very good content and hands-on labs
I like the way the course is delivered.i want to join for other courses in the specialisation.Thank you so much.
This course was amazing . i have learned lot of thing these thank IBM and coursera for providing me this course.
Nice course. A little fast, but forcing us to keep the track looking for complementary sources of knowledge. A+!
This course is definitely  helpful for the candidate who are in the 1st step towards their data science journey.
Covers a fair bit of ground for a small course. It is pointless if you have prior experience with Python though.
Very nice course and even if you are a beginner it's okay because it  starts from scratch and clears all basics.
This course would be a great start for students who are specifically wanted to go for data science using python.
Great course! Videos are engaging and easy to follow, and labs are very helpful in solidifying the information.
This course is definitely helpful for the candidate who are in the 1st step towards their data science journey.
It's such a detailed and well planned course for newbie to learn about Python language for Data Science and AI!
Great learnings, every python basic concepts explained perfectly and the quiz and practice session was awesome.
This course has been a starting point for me to develop my skills in data science. Thank you Coursera and IBM!
Great course, very clear and concise and the labs were very good in that they give you a better understanding!
Excellent Course for someone to begin the journey to become Data Scientist through learning Python Programming
Best ever Course to start your career toward Data Science.Thank you so much to design such a wonderful course.
Great course for beginners who want to make career in Data analytics. Great explanations and great assignments
this course provided easy to understand all concepts about python, data science, and artificial intelligence.
Good pace to the class! Final assignment was a good test of our understanding of basics of python programming
Excellent course, the assignments were easy to understand and the material given was enough to complete them.
Good course, but the labs were problematic.  There were several technical problems that interrupted learning.
This is an excellent course to learn Python for Data Science and AI. It's indeed a great learning experience.
Really Good.I wasn't the best at maths in school.I need to buy a book on numpy. Can you recommend a good one?
Excellent design of course and so is the pace. Thoroughly enjoyed it and will definitely recommend it to all.
The course is very informative and easy to follow. Thanks to Coursera, I start being comfortable with Python
A good introduction to basic things about python. Very suitable even for those who never used python before.
This course contains a lots of basic knowledge about python programming and data science.I enjoyed the most.
Best Course on Coursera for Beginners to learn Python Programming Language and about Basics fo Data Science.
Cousera course through I am learning more with hands on in lab. I am really great thankful to Coursera team.
Nice introduction to the basics of Python Language. It's easier if you did learn previously JAVA or C++ or C
Very good course, easy to learn.Final assignment takes a lot of hands on and find out for yourself approach.
It is quite simple and easy to learn. I now know what numpy and pandas are which i never really knew before.
Excellent course and instructor has explained in a very easy way. it is recommend to start with this course
It is an excellent course to learn the basics of python. Recommended to anyone who is starting with Python.
this course help me learn more about python and it's different libraries we can use for analyzing the data.
The course is from 0 to 10 in a path that is easy to follow, I enjoyed so much the topics and the exercises
Very well explained. I found it useful as a starter. Looking forward to implement it in my office. Thanks!!
Very Detailed and explained lucidly with an interesting final assignment. Learning Satisfaction guaranteed.
I really love this course and also very helpful for me. Thank you so much for allow me to join this course.
Very interesting course , I learned how the python syntax and how to prompt data on dashboard using python
Great course, very easy to understand, especially for beginners and people with no programming experience.
The lesson is suitable for everyone who wants to know about Python and how to use python for data science.
Very good introduction to the essentials of Python, to gain confidence and enter the world of data science
Good for beginner to learn. For people who has python coding background, you can finish it pretty quickly
Great Course. Easy to understand. Just completed it and waiting for a peer review to get the certificate.
This is the most intriguing course i have ever done. Labs are available for hands on learning..awesome!!!
Excellent first step to start at Python. If you want to have good Python basis, it is the correct course.
This course is really helpful for me in knowing python and new concepts in python related to data science
Fantastic course. A must do if you're looking to gain extra knowledge and experience in computer science.
Good start for Python and Data Science understanding. Good picture of IBM tools for AI and Data Science.
Great Course. Great for beginners to understand and makes a great base for future applications in python
Basic Course that teaches you everything you need to know to start Data Analysis with Python and Pandas!
Very challenging course; but it provides practical experience in manipulating and visualizing real data
Thank you, the course material is really great. The structure, practice, and instructions really clear.
Courses are starting to get more challenging and interesting... feel like I learned more from this one!
Brilliant course structureExcellent video tutorialsVery usefulSuperb experienceThank you the whole team
I enjoyed this course and In this course lots of exercises for practice such that our concept is clear.
I get to know basic python to advance level with good balanced practical exercises and quizzes as well.
The best course to learn about the basics of python with some IBM tools, which are simply awesome tools
I enjoyed every bit of this course. Very easy to follow and learn even without prior coding knowledge.
This course is best designed for the beginners which teaches the python from level 1 for data science.
It is really a very good course to get the basic understanding of Python programming for data science.
The best course so far. Easy to understand the lesson and the tests are all applicable in daily life.
The course is very helpful and the lectures are very good and easy to understand.Thank you, Coursera.
Foundation of Python very clearly explained. Highly recommended to take this course for all beginners
this course helped me a lot . Thanks to Coursera for providing such a wonderful platform to everyone.
To be honest, the setup process of IBM cloud service is too slow and I don't think it worth the time.
Course have good test series in the form of assignments + basics are very clearly and well defined .
The course is very well organized and explained. I also love lab environment to try code out. Thanks
it is a very good introduction course of python for data science. learn Numpy, panda and matplotlib.
The course was very flexible and informative. I would definitely recommend this course to my friends
The final assignment is so interesting!The syntax of python is not difficult, practice is important.
Very basic stuff, but a great course. I would just recommend fixing some of the typos in the videos.
Contextual, crisp and well compiled. Highly recommended to get more insight into the Python world!!
Very nice introductory course. Simple, straight forward and very useful to get started with python.
i request you provide a pdf format of full coursera to refer in futere purpose it may usefull to us
nice work done by coursera tutors .who  make the things easy and understandable.thank you coursera.
Final assignment is not standard enough. Please include some questions which let us think and code.
I am enjoying all the session. I will learn lot more as i expected. so Happy to finish this course.
Videos, animations of function operation and LABs are great prepared to make clear training topics.
Course helps in a very smooth transition into programming world. Even the experience programmers mo
The overall structure of this program is very good. I think the course should be more interactive.
A very good course for anyone wanting to learn Python and the important tools for data scientists.
The best course to start with Python from Basics and do Data Science. The videos were very useful.
Starts with very basic and clear just not syntax but also mathematical aspect of the data science.
This course was one of my favorite courses. It was a little challenging at first. But it was good.
It was an insightful experience understanding python data structure and functions in data science.
Great learning!  Feeling grateful that Coursera and IBM helped me, a commerce and an MBA, to code!
One of the best Python courses for beginners, even for ones who have not much programming skills.
This course is incredible! I like it so much. It's challenger and thought provoking. I recommend!
A very detailed course I would say. It helped me alot in my thesis & in getting me an internship.
Very much interactive course. It was very well constructed for the begineers. Easy to understand.
This course is a good starting point to get acquainted with basic NumPy and Pandas knowledge. ðŸ‘
An excellent course for those looking to begin their journey in the exciting field data science!
Great introduction to Python and valuable for learning how to use the language for data science.
Had some issues grasping the syntax in the API labs, but the course was really great and helpful
It is really a good course, if you don't know about python, be sure you will learn the best way.
I have found some issues with widgets explaining the labs. Otherwise it was an excellent course.
beginner friendly, explained pretty well! Great learning experience, ready for the next journey!
This course is an opportunity to enter into the world of Python in a secure way.  I recommendit.
Excellent tutorial and access to tools to try / test coding.  Very good explanation of concepts.
The course combines guidance via video and lab, which helps illustrate Python basics effectively
very good course that covers almost of the basics that are needed in the begining of any AI path
Really good course who wants to learn basic python operations and dive deeper to data tructures.
Excellent course, I enjoyed it and learned a lot interesting and useful stuffs. Very practical!
Good explaining of python basics, good enough to start. Looking forward to have more challenges
Nice course with challenging quizzes and well explained lectures to learn the basics of python.
A really good course to brush up on your python skills and get introduced to Pandas and Numpy.
Excellent to introduce you in the use of Python libraries and applications with Watson Studio.
This course was very helpful and gave me a good understanding of Python and working with data.
very nicely explained. The labs provide a thorough presentation of the various coding methods.
very clean and precise explanation.very interesting assignments particularly the last one. :-)
Great introduction to the basics of Python syntax, especially as it applies to data analytics.
Learn so much about python and how use such a wonderful language in Data Science is so simple.
VERY GOOD COURSE FOR BEGINNERS. PLEASE ONCE TAKE THIS COURSE AND IMPROVE YOUR PYTHON KNOWLEDGE
I would like to thanks Coursera and IBM for provide us a good course whom I recommend for all.
thanks to all dear tutors to get our idea clear about python and also improving coding skills.
The presentations had a rather boring and confuse design and there were some mistakes on them.
As a beginner in Python, this course has really helped me well to use Python for Data Science!
Great course! Wasn't too challenging or too easy (beginner in Python). Would highly recommend.
Excellent course, well detailed for anyone looking to get started on Python for data science.
A great introduction to the Python tools for data prossecing and analysis, highly recomended.
very useful course all the python concepts required for data science and AI is well explained
Excelent guidance through all the lessons. Keep on providing this great quality on teaching.
It's a perfect introduction to python lenguaje if you are interested in Data Science and IA.
This is the best way to summarise all important topic related to python in one certification
This course is great helpful and perfect for beginners who is just starting to learn Python.
Owsum course. I m having a great experience from this course . Very well organized course ðŸ˜
The course is great for newbies like me.Had a great time completing quizzes and assignments.
Well organized course with all needed basic info to operate with data for data science tasks
very precise and to the point tutorials, very good for quick knowledge and skill development
I would like to have more easy exercises to practices the basics concepts and use to python.
I was familiar with some of course material before but it was helpful for reviewing. Thanks.
Awesome course for people just entering data science with some understanding of programming.
It is a nice course for beginners and step by step process is a good feature of the course.
The course was well structured and easy to follow. The labs made experimenting even easier.
Hi, this course teaches you python essentials so if you into data analysis this is perfect!
This was very informative and had quite a number of practices which i felt is very helpful.
I really like this course the curriculum is excellent and explains everything into details.
Fully appropriate for new beginners, practical and systemized. recommended with full heart!
Course is good, though video lecture could be more practical instead of being much robotic.
I like the way they covered all of the topics needed to get started with numpy and pandas.
It was a great course although the final assignment was a bit though but really enjoyed it
The course was give a better idea about python. this course is  really good for beginners.
good course beginners can also take this course. Instructor explains very good evrything.
I marked 4.5 for little difference between video and audio. Some small mistakes in video.
end of the chapter assignment is challenging for a beginner level which is a great thing!
nice course, giving good knowledge of basic pandas and numpy needed for handling datasets
Great starting to learn Python. It explains clearly pertaining the construction of codes.
This is a good introductory course for those not knowing the python programming language.
Great course, just the right balance between theory and hands-on exercises and projects.
This course is really concept building, if you are a beginner you must take this course.
This is very good course ,I have learn the basic of python used in data science and AI .
It is great for beginners but I think this is not enough to start work as a Data analyst
Well constructed course for beginners, really helped build a great foundation in python.
this course is awsome it gave me depth of python that will be used in machine learning .
This course helped me to enhance my knowledge of programming in Python for data science.
Beginner's course for python with challenging quizzes and final task. Does the job well.
It was a good course,  I took it slow and tried to learn as much as possible.  Thank You
Very good introductory course, very worthwhile on the knowledge trail for data science.
very helpful and easy to catch up. The video quality of this course is a bit stuttering
This course give a full command on python and give some confidence to create a program.
This course helped me a lot in using and analysing data.reading and writing in the data
Loved it! It taught me from the basics of python and helped me understand python better
super clear explanation of the differences in python data types and dataframe in pandas
Very Descriptive and to the point course material for basic libraries for Data Science.
Amazing course. Difficult concepts explained so easily and so quickly. Highly recommend
it a prominent course that one should take who focus to make a carrier in Data science
It was amazing, content was well laid out and the labs had easy to follow instructions
I think there is a scope to improve the documentation and the assignment work as well.
great material, it provides easy to understand with the essential foundation on python
The course is very well-structured. I really enjoyed doing the peer-graded assignment.
Easy for beginners. Very informative. Has definitely enhanced my knowledge and skills.
A good course to get know how of how to use Python in data science and data extraction
Its a great course for the starters who does't even know python, they can learn easily
Excellent course with prior knowledge to get into the world of Artificial intelligence
Very easy to digest. Picking it up after a 3 year hiatus this was a great kickstarter.
The approach to making the student understand the topic used in the course is amazing.
The course layout and the methodology is designed perfectly for any individual. Kudos!
A good course which could help me to have a command  of the basic knowledge of python.
Amazing experience. This is perfect to start the journey to become a  Data Scientist.
A great introduction to Python, even if you start with no knowledge of this language.
Interesting and bit difficult in assignment session. fantastic session for beginners.
Very inspiring. Need more knowledge in python data science toolkit to deal with data.
The course instructor was so awesome. The course was also awesome. It helped me a lot
Does not fully explain the dashboard project at the end but otherwise a great course!
The course is great in general, but I think the last assignment has to be more clear.
Highly informative and great introductory exposure to Python applied in Data Science.
A well designed course for introducing python basics and even data science libraries.
All the basic required for Data Sciences have been covered thoroughly. Great course!
It is a  very comprehensive course. All the topics covered are explained preciously.
Great environment CC - labs for learning python. Examples are great enjoed very much
It was a very well-paced online measures suitable and convenient for professionals!
Great course for beginner . It was well structured along with videos and exercises.
ItÂ´s my first course in coursera (and in python too) and I really like it. Code it!
It was a great experience , by learning the things through fruitful practical labs.
It is a very good course. this course gave me a detailed idea of python. Thank you.
Great course that eased the beginner student into Python without overwhelming them.
gave really good basic especially from one that has no experience with programming.
Best course for beginners who shift from some other programming language to python.
A great introduction to python programming focusing on data science related tools.
This course was broken down very well and really helped me get a handle on Python.
Amazing! the last work was a bit hard, but great to put your head to work, thanks!
The Best course to quickly learn or refresh your python and Data Science concepts.
The course content was adequate and lab files were excellent to understand python.
Great beginners intro into Python and its uses in data analysis and data science!
Very good course for Python beginners and very well explained and understandable.
A course with all basic and important knowledge for you about Data science and AI
New comer friendly, highly comprehensible and provides lots of hands-on practice.
it's an awesome experience learning  the about data science form top mnc of world
I like the step by step on the Python programming guideline, and the sample code.
Thank you very much for this course! Informative, well-structured and functional!
Great introductory course for people who wants to learn how to program on Python.
Best project ever. After completing this course, i am a big fan of data science.
This course is in a pretty simple language for the beginners. Thanks to IBM..!!!
Can't think of any better way to learn python for data science and AI than this.
I enjoyed the assignments.I liked the variety of reading and video presentation.
I have learned the core python concepts that are very important in data science.
Really interesting for start Python, with really good explication (video+phyton)
best course i have learnt alot from the course and its pretty easy to understand
Sometimes Watson studio gave hard times, but in general every topic is on point
My experience was too good,  I learned so much thing thanks to IBM any coursera
Very easy to digest videos with interactive quizzes. Everything is super clear.
Very helpful tutorial and the instructor were very helpful. I love this course.
helpful course to start understanding how to use python for data science and AI
Clear and really explanatory videos, great Lab, and straight forward assignment
Good introduction to fundamentals and even a preview of more advanced concepts.
A course that helps anyone who wants to learn how to code in Python its basics.
Great learning for my money. I am learning Python from scratch here. Awesome!!!
Excellent Foundational Course, Really helpful assignments and Thoughful Quizzes
Good explanation of typical topics made it easy to learn the basics of Python.
Great course and very easy to understand structure. It was a joy going thru it
Please put end project as per the content of the course with relevant material
A Good Intro course for pandas and Regression Models. Simple and easy to learn
Excellent, the labs are very useful, the information is clear and interactive!
Great course for beginners.  Not too easy, not too difficult. Learned plenty!
a great course to give fool insights about the use of python in data science.
Best course to get started with python in inclination to data science and AI.
A very challenging course for beginners like us, I liked it,  encore! encore!
It is an excellent course for beginners starting with Python for Data Science
Very nice course for beginners who want to make their carrier in data science
It's was a awesome course and had a opportunity to learn a lot of new skills.
I learned basic of Python and doing  project was a good learning experience.
the concepts have been explained very nicely and clearly with good examples.
more of hands-on session and live session would help in understanding better
Well done!It's a great course - I enjoyed it and learned a lot.Thank you :-)
Shows some basic python logics and useful for the well beginners !! kudos !!
Very good course....easy to pick and provides a foundation for using python.
Thank you for building my confidence and great course and great lab sources.
Very informative course. i thoroughly enjoyed this learning journey. thanks!
Really nice course. Well explained. Gradually takes us from zero to expert.
Informative and beneficial.A great introduction to Python for data science.
Course content was very good and explanation of the content was very useful
Another Course completed and its time to enroll on next course!Great Course
Good intro to Python - labs problems are great practice to cement learning.
The Python Basics course was very good. Quite a bit of work, but worth it.
Good course material, which helps learn topics in a simple and easy manner
This is a very good program for students from non-programming back ground.
For learning basic python, this course is very good and simple I must say.
Very good as a starting point for a curious mind in the field data science
awesome course  i will definitely recommend to my classmates in my college
A very well organised course. Thank you for making such wonderful course.
It gives a very good overview of Python. Really beneficial for beginners.
Thank You - I have learned a lot and cannot wait to start the next module
It was a good course, though addition of a few examples more can be done.
I liked this module a lot better, we are getting into the important faces
Very good course for foundational skills in Python for working with data.
I have learnt a lot. Thank you Coursera for the opportunity. Great tutors
I thank the coordinators for this wonderful course and the financial aid.
Empowering course giving sound knowledge and a lot of practical exercise.
First-class in quality and magnificent base for NumPy and Pandas module.
Nice tools are available and great to work on IBM Watson studio/Notebook
Great course for learning how to implement Numpy and Pandas in Python :)
Its very great for starters to kick start their carrier in Data science.
very good course for python basics with practice quizzes and assignments
easy to digest and follow, good exercise to learn the basics of Python!
Great course! Dynamic, specific and goes direct to the point. Loved it.
I learned a lot about python. finally I became a beginner to programmer
The course was great, short videos , good labs. I really learned a lot.
this course is very interesting and the instructor are well experienced
Excellent course material, simple to learn has given me a good skillset
Simple and fun course. Well explained the basics for Python. Thank you!
its superb i never done such a good and as well a cpmlex one like this.
It's a very cool course ,I learned a lot from him ,Thank you for that .
Good for someone who's looking to understand the very basics of Python.
Must learn this cource, who convert your career into Data science & AI
Good Course ,simple to understand core concept with good hands on lab.
The content was very beautifully delivered. Could grasp every concept!
Great Course for beginners who are trying to step in Data Science Era.
Very Nice for beginners making transition in data science using python
this course give me knowledge about fundamental of python data science
This course gave me a clear knowledge about how to interact with data.
Interactive lab session for beginner learning python for data science.
Great course with basic python and introduction to Data Science Tools.
informative but not in depth, one without prior knowledge would suffer
I enjoyed a lot with this course, learnt new concepts in data science
Thank you! It was really helpful and made me get the basics of Python
You will learn a lot from this course than a bunch of youtube videos.
Great Videos and Exercises . Most informative course in series so far
Very much helpful for me to start a career in the data science field.
Excelent course to learn the basics python in focus to data science.
Great course, very well structured, fantastically designed exercises
Demonstrated in simple examples . Very easy to understand and follow
Excellent Course - Python for Data Science & Artificial Intelligence
Thank you for your amazing course and generosity that you showed me.
Good introductory course for python basics and related data modules.
It is very good class. I really enjoy it. I learned a lot of things.
Very fun and engaging...this makes learning a wonderful experience!!
A very well laid out course. I got to learn a lot of awesome things.
great course to start the journey in data science and further in AI.
Very insightful course, lessons were well structured and interesting
Very nice course which teaches a new learner python with due clarity
Really good course to get basics set on all the tools and libraries.
It was an extremely interesting course and very well structured too.
This course is well prepared for beginners. I enjoyed it thoroughly.
Don't over complicate the course. You'll save yourself some headache
Simple, with examples and a good pace. I wish we covered a lot more.
Its a very nice course to start with Python for Data Science and AI
Very good for those who want to start their career in data science.
excellent course to teach the basics of the python for data science
Study material are too good for those students those want to learn.
Was simple and easy way to start basic for python with data science
A good mix of fundamentals and complexities of the python language.
It was a good experience learning with IBM and Coursera..Thank You
Great and Fast introduction to Python for experienced programmers.
This was a very good course for the beginners who wanna work on AI
it is very great experience and things were very clearly explained
I love all vedios and also enjoy .it has been very usefull for me.
Simple to follow examples and progressively increasing complexity.
Its was Fun learning python and applying it through the assignment
this is useful course i learned very much from it thanks very much
very good tutorial for those who want to step to data science path
REALLY enjoyed this course!!!  Great coding examples and Labs.Thx.
I found some aspects quiet challenging but really enjoyed the labs
Excellent course. Not too easy and not too hard. A great challenge
Please update the course material with Latest IBM Watson Interface
Very interesting course. I've learned Python in a clear solid way.
learned me understand python more.and easy to learn and practice .
A great intro and all around tutorial on Python and data science.
Amazing, but could you help us install python and related modules
Good content . The learning track is smooth and very informative.
One of the best courses until now! I feel really happy of took it
This course is the best fit for Beginners.  A content-rich course
Good basic introduction.Excellent course material. Loved this one
This is good course, I learnt python in good quality of education
Very good explanation of basics lying a solid foundation learner.
Really well designed course. Plus very interactive. Amazing job!
If you are a beginner then congrats, you are in the right place.
Great course and was easy to understand through the lab sessions
Very insightful and helpful course indeed. Highly recommendable!
Wonderful course with clear concept visualisations and examples.
great for someone who need basic of programing as Data scientist
Better than any python classes that I have taken. Very hands-on.
Easy to follow. A good starter for those without CSIE backgroud.
Really enjoyed this course and I got to learn more about Python
It is the best course  data science with python for a beginner.
practical assignments are difficult enough to enhance my skills
amazing performance on this platform with valuable certificates
I completed this course but I have not yet got my digital badge
If there can be more exercises about numpy, it could be better.
Python for Data Science and AI, Does The function Explain Well?
Nice starting course for those who wants to learn about Python.
Nice understanding of the basic concepts of python from scratch
Excellent course for basics of python in data science. Thanks!
very good course to understand and get start playing with data
if u want to learn python , this course is best than any other
Its awesome to gain a right skill with wonders of Data science
Quite a ride for a newbie like me but definitely worth a shot!
Excelent Course, I think I will take more. I love Coursera  :)
This was the best overview of Python that I came across so far
course was very helpful but till i didn't get ibm badge for it
The labs are amazing. Couldn't have asked for anything better.
Excellent Course with enough tutorial content,great exercises.
This is a great course to learn Python basis for Data Science.
I learned a lot even if the Watson labs sometimes didn't work
Excellent course for the intro to python and machine learning
Gave a good coding session. Good Brainstorming for Beginners!
Great course to learn the fundamentals of python very easily.
It's a great course for people learn to deal with Python data
Very insightful and engaging course, I'm glad I participated.
It's fairly detailed, easy to grab and crisp when practiced!!
Great material with proper coding guidance for the beginners.
This was fun, but I feel like the information was very basic.
reallly fell in love with python after completing this course
thank you for giving me oppertunity The course was awesome..
Best course for everyone and I thanks instructors very much.
Excellent lectures that explored my mind. Thank you coursera
Really amazing course for python beginners...THANKS Coursera
The Pandas section was rushed, otherwise excellent material.
one of the best course provide by coursera ans IBM as well .
very nice to learn easy things like python and pandas, numpy
Great. Really helped me get going in my journey into python!
Best course for python basic understanding using IBM Watson.
Very complete course ! Great structure and support materials
beautiful and simple introduction to Python and Data science
the course was interesting i get my information about python
Very good into to Python and how it's used for Data Science.
Very good. A lot of information, but you get enough practice
Good course - gives an overview and in-depth wherever needed
Practical and useful, especially how to use numpy and pandas
Best course to start with the basics of Python programming.
The video lectures are very easy to understand. Thank you:)
Hands on lab is excellent to play with data through python.
very helpful I 'v learned a lot. very good course thank you
It is the best course for a beginner level python prgrammer
Great course and very beginner-friendly. Thank you so much.
fast pace, details shared, good to know the basic of Python
Excellent course to start, for learning python programming.
Best and Clear Knowledge Of Python for Data Science and AI.
Good Intro to python programming and practical applications
Awesome!Nicely guided through Python tools and programming.
well designed course. Covered major topics for data science
Course is a good combo of Python basic + good Hands on lab
This course is amazing covering all the basics of python .
Loved it! One of the most comprehensible course out there!
Good course to complete.. and Improving your Python Skills
Thank you for the detailed, easy to follow intro to Python
Excellent course to learn Python programming from scratch.
Very good course for someone who want to start from basics
A very nice course with perfect guides and lecture videos.
I loved the course and I feel it gave me a lot.Thank you.
Excellent course for getting started in pandas and numpy.
Excellent course for the beginner. Keep up the good work.
The course helps to build python base. Highly recommended
The course work was very engaging. I loved the tutorials.
A great course to start with python in the field of DS !!
This course is very helpful to learn about python basics.
Great foundational introduction to basic Python concepts.
for beginner of data science It is one of the best course
Really good introduction to python . Strongly recommended
It is one of the best course on Python for Data Science.
Excellent course for python with datascience - beginners
A Great course for python basics and Data Science and AI
a very good and easy to understand course for beginners.
Very good introduction to Python Basics for Data Science
Challenging but was worth doing the time learning Python
It is a good course but could've included more AI topics
A very clear content , thank you for this amazing course
Amazing course content! Had a great learning experience.
Good course to learn or refresh on the basics of Python.
I was a math major and this one is a good bridge course.
good course! good introduction to python and its syntax.
Great introduction to Python and Python for Data Science
Really teaching was awesome. Enjoyed alot while learning
This lectures and his contents is too helpful.Thank you.
Great for beginners, brushes up the python skills too!!
i think it gives a good introduction for data handling.
Awesome and very helpful platform to learn and upskill.
Good Course to get started with python for data science
Its really Good Course to learn and Explore the Python.
One of the wonderfull course and looking for job in IBM
good labs info in chopped up in to very palatable bytes
Learned a lot of information in a short amount of time!
it was fun, although i still haven not receive my badge
Great introduction course into python. Great exercises.
I only audited this course but I loved the introduction
A great start in how to use python to access your data!
Great course, lessons were thorough and easy to follow
Some errors but overall, great layout and interactive.
This course is amazing, thank you IBM for the occasion
It was a very useful course in terms of my internship.
great introductory course, that take you step by step.
Excellent course to get your basic fundamentals strong
Very nice course! Theory and practice is at top level!
Course material and methodology is really appreciable.
Great course for beginners in Python and Data Science.
Amazing . I gained a lot of knowledge from this course
The course has created a new way of python programming
as always instructer and the study material are awosme
the overall course was very dynamic i enjoyed it a lot
Best for learners who're interested in AI or ML or DS.
Learning this course made me competent in the industry
Great course. I especially liked the final assignment!
simple step by step explanation with usefull examples
Gentle introduction to programming basics with python
Explanations are very helpful and easy to understand!
Nice explanation with a combination of hands on labs.
a great learning experience from such a great course.
Excellent course for beginners of Python programming!
Best Course For Learn Python For AI and Data Science.
Very good introduction to using python for analytics.
It gives you a nice beginner knowledge to start from.
Excellent foundation to start with some basic Python.
Great introduction to Python basics for data science.
The course contents are really good and to the point.
Excellent!!!  That is really a great learning process
I'mvery much impressed by the quality of the content.
The explanations are very clear. The project is fun.
Great content and lab assignments to gain knowledge.
This is the excellent course on python fundamentals.
This was fun but a little bit challenging.Thank you.
Very well laid out coursework and easy to understand
Great! I have learned how to code the Python basics!
It helped to learn  python and its basics very well.
I really enjoyed the submission practice in the end!
Worth the time spent...nice to brush up the basics..
It's a good experience to start working with Python!
but there are many typographical mistakes...........
Excellent course for beginners with lots of practice
The course was great with proper hands on exercises.
Good introductory course on Python for data science
Great course, definetly recommend it for beginners!
Covers excellent basics skills but not the AI part.
Very good course for building foundation in Python.
Coursera is a very good place to learn and explore.
It's very easy but some most useful in data science
Amazing course, appreciate the effort and material!
Great course!. I passed week 2 and I can understand
Very helpfull if you are a started in the subject.
Indeed a good and informative course for beginners
Quite fun and discovering Watson was a nice bonus.
It is a beautiful course.Lot of learned from this.
This is one of the finest course I have ever done.
This is a great course. It's easy to understand :)
Pretty Decent Course in Intro to Python and AI ...
Nice short course on fundamental Python libraries.
Excellent Course. I learned every step of the way.
great fun during the course so happy to registered
Great Learning....Lab should be more illustrative.
Very clear explanations and cool labs to practice.
Great to get started with Python, Pandas and Numpy
I can know how python is enter the AI environment
Very nice course to begin with Python and Pandas.
its really understandable course . liked it a lot
Awesome Introduction to Python. Highly recommend.
This is a good course to learn the python basics.
Gentle intro to python. Good course for beginners
Really good combination of studying and practice.
Best course for Data Science basics using python.
Very useful and practical..learnt a lot of tricks
Super Chill and easy to get understanding quickly
It has started to open professional doors for me!
Because this course is very help full to me...!!!
I really loved this course, thank you very much.
Very good course with lots of hands  on practice
It's very good course to start with programming!
very good experience. good instructor. Thank You
Good Course. Well structured and well explained.
A little bit more practical doing would be nice.
Storing data into IBM cloud is cumbersome though
Well explained. The lab exercises are very good.
Great course! I learned a ton of goo information
Awesome course, appreciate the peer-graded work.
It is really good and fun to learn this course!
Great introduction in the field of data science
It was a great experience to improve my skills.
this course is best in this whole certification
Very Nice, would like to learn more on advanced
Good hands on  exercises and clear explanations
Excelent if you are initiating in Data Science.
Very helpful  tutored in an interesting manner.
It is brief, clear, and very applicable course!
Very Nice explanation Videos and Examples, TOP!
Very good Presentation its really helpful to me
Makes learning applicable Python so accessible!
Very good course for learnin Python from basics
Excellent skills have been learned. Thank You!
how do I start the second month off the course
Enjoyed the Labs and the training methodology.
Thanks Coursera  learning is a important thing
Excellent course, you learn a lot from Python!
Good intro to practical capabilities of python
this course is great !!(but still  not enough)
All the material and video lecture were great.
It was a great learning experience. Thank you.
Nice course for Python beginners. Recommended.
Very clear instructions. And really good task
superb course for basic python and jupyer lab
after this course...just I want to know more!
A good course where I learnt a lot of things.
Very interesting, informative, and inclusive.
amazing course everything is clear and simple
Simple and clear explanation about the topics
Really helpful course for python enthusiasts.
Good course for Data science enthusiastic....
I'm excited! Explanations are off the charts!
Clear enough course for beginners-Pythonista.
Great Example and every environment for study
So good teaching and practicals just loved it
very good course for pythonthank you coursera
Material & explanation is easy to understand.
Great course to learn Python and Data science
Felt great completing the course, thank you!
A great start. Basic and easy to understand.
Great course for begginers. i learned a lot.
It was a good start in Python. More to come.
Pace could have been a bit slow in APIs part
It was great to revisit python fundamentals.
concise, precise and a handy intro to Watson
I just love it!!! Thank you for this course!
Thanks for providing this wonderfull course.
best ever course. i learned many new things.
very well-structured, learnt a lot of python
Best course on Python I have ever attended.
Really good course, good for beginners too.
great step to step tutorial, easy to follow
Another great course in the specialisation!
A Good course for beginners in Data Science
Videos are really helpful for the beginners
It was amazing and very much helpful to me.
Best Course for Python and nice explanation
Great course, provides the basics in Python
excellent course for learning python basics
Well thought and highly practical oriented.
That was great experience ..learned so much
Very  helpful! Thank you so much professors
Excellent course on basics of Python by IBM
Great introductory course. Easy and useful!
Great course for beginners in Data Science.
one of the excellent course and very useful
Excellent course with challenging exercises
Great Comprehensive and to the point course
Python concepts are clear and to the point.
Amazing course for Data Science Enthusiast.
Great course to learn Python as a beginner.
very nice and vedio was in so good quality
Very good course, informative and concise.
Loved the course! Enjoyed every bit of it.
awsome course for aspirants of datascience
Awesome Course! Informative and Practical.
Neatly done. Covered all necessary topics.
Best Course for the Data Science Aspirants
Very Educational, and lends good practice.
Easy to comprehend. The assignment is key.
It is so interesting and easy to learn it.
It was awesome, learned many useful things
A Great course - challenging and rewarding
The course was very helpful and effective
An excellent course. Thank you very much!
The section about the APIs was very cool!
Great course, insightful and challenging!
Very well designed beginner level course!
i learn a python for data science and AI.
Comprehensive and very well framed course
Very basic and simple course for beginner
Good start for a beginner in Data Science
Excellent fast track learning for python!
Need more dashboard examples and lectures
A great course to get exposed to python!!
Good overview of the programming language
Good program for new Learners. Thank you.
Very good course for beginners in Python.
Great programming content and explanation
Really best course with hands on project
The best Python Course I have even taken
The API section can be presented bettter
it is wonderful and labs a good practise
Awesome intro to some popular libraries.
That's a great course , Thanks for that
It was hard work but excellent results.
Great learning and certification online
Content was great and very interesting!
Strong foundations & very good examples
Very nice course. Well explained kudos.
Good introduction to Python and Pandas.
Excellent course, thanks for everything
This is a great and informative course.
the course was very useful, and helpful
One of the best courses for a beginner.
One of the best coursera from coursera.
Very good course content and assignment
Great course, sans the final assignment
Great course ! With a fun assignment !!
Very good introduction. Good to follow.
Great great course to start Python !!!!
thank you so much for the great course
This course is perfect for a beginner.
Good course for learning basic python.
Nice course to start numpy with python
Thank you great course , it was useful
Learning with practical lab is awesome
Amazing introductory course of python.
A very well designed foundation course
Great course, I learned a lot, thanks!
Solid grounds for a start with Python.
Good Introductory Course for beginners
It is a very good course for beginners
Excelente course with great exercises!
Very cool source. I love it very much.
Nicely Explained each and every topic.
I wish It was more explanation on API
Super informative and well-organized!
A great introduction to Python for AI
Great introductory course for Python.
It really helps me in learning python
Simple, Lots of information, Loved it
Great ...Love the method of teaching.
This course was really helpful to me!
Excelent way to start learning Python
Simple but effective. Thanks a lot !!
I liked it. Great command over python
A good place to learn. Helps me a lot
Very good and well structured course!
Good Course to master python basics!!
perfect course for absolute beginners
Brief, Informative and Well Presented
Impressive and very good for beginner
This was my good experience in Python
The course content was interesting !
One of the best courses in coursera!
Good basic course for data analytics
Excellent overview and presentation!
Very informative, and well designed!
Very good course for learning python
very useful,build a good foundation!
It is very good course for begginers
Thank You for Providing this course!
very well designed and to the point.
best  class to get started on Python
it is very good course for beginner.
Well designed and easy to understand
Great introductory course to python.
Thank you very much cousera and IBM.
Well Organized. The Labs are awesome
Nice introductory course on python!
An excellent introduction to Python
without money i want to do plz help
Easily and interestingly  explained
Good content.Best for the begineers
Easy to follow the contents, Great!
It is quite challenging! I love it!
Easy to learn and master good basis
The Best Course I've done till date
easy to understand.Labs are awesome
Great Course and the instructor .!!
An excellent course to start with..
it's absolutely great for beginners
Great first start into Data and AI!
great course! Able to learn it fast
Understanding Python with IBM tools
I learn very well with this course!
I really loved it and learnt a lot.
Good course for beginners in python
Thank you all for you great effort!
Great Course ...thank you very much
Great coure and easy to understand
Effective course on Python basics.
Kept every detail plain and simple
Thank so much for this online ....
It's a good start for Data Science
Good course for beginner in Python
great course! learn from practice!
Pretty good package for a beginner
Highly interactive Python tutorial
Great course. SImple and efficient
Learnt a lot from Final assignment
Glad i spent time on this learning
Good introduction to Python basics
Very good course! I learned a lot!
Interactive and effective learning
very helpful! thank you coursera,
Amazing Learning Experience!!! :)
It was educational and beneficial
Awesome course for Python Basics!
Good course.... lots of material!
very great introduction to Python
Really good course for beginners.
Very helping course for beginners
Very good lecture and well taken.
one of the great course on python
cover all basics of data science.
Excellent introduction to Python.
this is an awesome to start with
Clear and detailed instructions!
Good enough. I liked the course.
Very nice and practical oriented
A lot to learn from this course.
Good Course for learning Python.
Easy to follow and very engaging
Its really great course by IBM .
The course was very much useful.
best course i have seen till now
lovely n i enjoyed learning it.
This course force you to learn!
Very helpful course. Thank you!
I built confidence with python.
Great, easy and understandable!
This is very helpful thank you.
Interesting approach, excellent
Very good materials explanation
assignment are of good quality.
Perfect classes for new learner
Wise Career Choice for anyone.
i have learned a lot from you.
Great cover in the right tools
Good python review in context.
Great overview of necessities.
It's Best to Start with Basics
Great course for the beginners
great experience with coursera
Awesome basic knowledge shared
This is a great into to Python
Best course for python beginer
great coursethanks instructors
very interesting, thank you !
Learned a lot, amazing course
Really helpful to learn basic
exellence for basic of python
The instructor did a nice job
Easy to follow and Understand
Very well structured contents
A very great course .Loved it
It was really great to learn!
This Course helped me a lot .
Good course to take up Python
Very good course for beginner
perfect course for beginners.
Good to have basics of Python
very good and well structured
I am so grateful to the team.
Best course about Python ever
Great course, easy to follow.
Great and complete courseÂ¡ :)
best course for python basics
Very simple and useful course
big oppurtunity to learn....
It's a great course. Thanks.
great course and well taught
Very useful and nice content
Good course, good materials.
Good introduction to Python.
Good and Neat Ordered Course
it was very excellent course
Good for the Beginners like.
good course for basic python
Great lectures for beginners
Brilliantly crafted course!!
Amazing course for Beginners
Interesting and well teached
learned a lot. great course.
good to learn as a beginner
Nicely constructed program.
Perfect Course for Beginers
It was little bit of faster
This course helped me a lot
Very useful! i recommend it
Very nice structured course
Very good platform to learn
Nicely tailored curriculum.
best course to learn python
Very Challenging Course!!!
Good comprehensive course.
Nice content to start with
wow!!Great course to study
Excellent Course, Thanks!!
It's best to get knowledge
Really good for beginners.
this is very helpful group
THIS COURSE IS AWESOME !!!
Very interesting course !!
Exceptionally well drafted
EXCELLENT,NIMBLE AND AGILE
Great course, recommended!
Good learning and practice
had a great experience...
Best learning experience!
nice design of the course
Learn a lot in this class
Good practical Assignment
Exciting to learn always.
Great. very satisfied. :)
A challenging experience!
Great course!  Thank you!
good training for newbies
Thanks so much! So great!
Amazing course.Loved it!
Fantstic and easy going.
Excelent course. Thanks.
best introductory course
Course content is good!.
very very usefull course
good introductory course
The course was great...
very good, thanks a lot
Goodintroductorycourse.
Great Experience Thanks
A great course, thanks!
Great Learning Python !
the course is awesome..
very nicely explained .
Informative and useful!
It is great experience.
Its basic but detailed!
Vary good Python basics
challenging but worthy!
Easy to mange and learn
The Lab is very useful
Good intense technical
good course for career
This so amazing course
Especially the week 5!
Good for Introduction.
simple and informative
Pretty amazing course!
Great intro to Python.
Nice, explained course
good intro to py + ds
it is mindblowing ...
to get knowledge more
Great beginner course
Grat teaching method!
Very use full course.
basic clear on python
Great python intro!!!
Great lessons and lab
Very useful material
thanks for teaching.
nice teaching videos
Absolutly fantastic.
Easy and Effective!!
Simple and efficient
Awesome learning :)
Fantastic Course !!
Very easy to follow
This Is excellent!!
Very Comprehensive.
very good, thanks!
Very useful class!
Nice Course by IBM
Nice!! I loved it.
Very Professional.
Thank you coursera
Its a great course
Thanks so much IBM
Greate course!!!!
very easy  course
Very Good Content
One of the best !
thank you Joseph!
tough to complete
Good course work
inspiring course
really practical
Great course !!!
Well Done Course
Its very useful.
Muy profesional
100% satisfied.
Easy and useful
Awesome Program
I LOVE THIS ONE
Really Useful!
Really Helpful
good course ..
Great insights
Good Lectures.
It is helpful
Good- overall
recommended!
Chat bot *)
Nice basics
Loved it !!
easy course
awsm one
