I am amazed that IBM even put this course out on Coursera. It is the worst course I have come across. It is a humongous waste of time. It supposedly introduces the IBM Watson Studio but ALL the videos are outdated and do not reflect the platform currently on IBM's website. It is impossible to follow the instructions. You just have to sign up to the platform and hobble along trying to make sense of it. The quizzes were a utter waste of time. They don't even reflect the content in the videos. Many of the questions had topics that were not even covered. I was unable to do the final assignment because it's impossible to get to the Jupyter notebooks page when you sign in. It was an incredibly frustrating experience. I wasn't alone - the discussion forums are filled with hundreds of comments on the same issue - not being able to find the webpage where they need to create a notebook and do the assignment. I did not see any of the moderators even bothering to reply. Why have you put this course out here if you have no interest in providing quality content or help when your content is utterly outdated. I question IBM's reputation. This is a shambles of a course that I actually paid for (still paying since they changed it to a monthly debit!). I am in two minds whether to even continue with this certificate - seems
YOU LEARN ABSOLUTELY NOTHING! One star it's even too much. You learn how to make accounts on the IBM's proprietary platform so that you can pay one day (there is a monthly limit about the stuff you can do and if you don’t pay you are screwed). Giving away all your private data, of course. A platform that for free gives you the computing power of a 15 years old machine (with many other drawbacks). Jupyter Notebooks, R, Scala, it's all out there without Watson Studio, you could have installed Anaconda for example with all the beauty and speed of your personal machine (who doesn't have at least a dual core nowadays?). Without considering that would have been a lot more useful. So, you will learn only which open source tools you could use, but they send you on a proprietary platform to do that, without teaching you anything about those tools. Wait, they ask you to write 1 + 1 on python when you take the exam, you are all set with data science. This is a shame!
The experience of using IBM Watson really sucks! Tons of problems just kept poping out all the way from creating accounts to using notebook. And these problems have been existing for months, which is really shameful. Hope there's somebody can fix these problems right away.
The entire section is without any introductions, any explanations. The services described in the video and actual (revised) versions don't line up. Instructor is just a useless, read-it-on guy that doesn't add anything to the learning experience. Overall, useless crap.
Altough it may be understandable, this is just ads for IBM's products. So it's like if I paid to see ads.
This course is useless. I spent several days watching videos and reading the materials only to get stuck in the end with no help in sight. Dozens of students are in the forums asking for help but even the instructor couldn't help us with the watson studio software.
instead of 5 minute snippets of a handful of data science tools, it would have been more practical to focus on one and spend some time on it...i'm really disappointing in this series
Links are out of date
useless and non-up-dated
Please make this lesson easier to understand. The tutorials regarding how to use the open source tools are also out of date which makes the lesson very confusing. I had to do additional research on youtube, which I honestly found more valuable than this course.
[Reviewing the entire specialization but points are applicable for
each course]I signed up for the
IBM Data Science specialization and I was genuinely excited to start
it for some 4-5 weeks (I had a GCP exam coming up). I eventually
started the specialization beginning of August `20 and started making
my way though it and I was amazed … amazed of how much a pile of
bullshit this specialization is. I made it though the first 4 courses
and at the end of the SQL for data science I couldn’t take it
anymore. Here’s why:1. First and
foremost, the entire specialization (all 4 courses I have taken at
least) were full of typos and broken URLs which a lot of other
students confirm as well. This does not speak professionalism to me
but whatever, lets move on.2. The in-video
quizzes and following tests are simply ridiculous … you are
expected to have memorized content word by word rather than
understand thing for your own and be able to explain them. Some of
the question were so far away from tech courses it is not even funny.3. The final
assignments are a total joke. We are asked to review each other which
IMHO is a terrible idea since we are all just starting up. Nothing
stops you from giving top marks to a bad assignments and vice versa.4. We eventually got
to the more techy part and even got code snippets and jupyter
notebooks to look through but they were still bad. There was no
proper order in which information was presented i.e. you would read
python and seaborn code in the SQL course’s tasks even though
python and matplotlib/seaborn are discussed in the following courses.5. And my final and
biggest problem with this whole specialization is that it all feel
like an extended advertisement of this piece-of-dodo tech inbred
excuse-of-a-software called IBM cloud. There are constants up-sells
here and there how almighty IBM is and how great their cloud and IBM
Watson Studio are … they are not. I had to spend 2+ hours fixing
problems with jupyter notebooks and their cloud just to complete my
assignments which both took me 30ish minutes. They mention open
source and even though there are open source equivalents to jupyter
they insist using IBM cloud. I kept having the feeling they are more
focused on promoting IBM products than actually bringing quality
content.6. Now after
finishing the SQL course there was a 1min survey which I gladly
filled in basically letting them know their specialization if
terrible and is doing more harm than good in my opinion. I even sent
them a quick challenge because I do not think IBM maintains this
course at all or even reads the reviews. You can see my challenge to
IBM here: https://bit.ly/3geOyfbI was very saddened
by the quality of the specialization and the content and was
wondering whether I should even try and finish the remaining courses
but after reading some reviews on the remaining courses I figured out
it was just more of the same. If you are in the same boat I would
recommend the kaggle micro-courses which I will focus on starting
next week.In conclusion, I got
this whole specialization for free via financial aid and I have to
say even though I did not pay a dime I feel I need to be compensated
by IBM and refunded real money for torturing myself with their
courses.
This course is an absolute catastrophe and I look forward to moving on to the next one. The first 2 weeks are a giant collection of endless software lists. Rather, I would have liked to see a disciplined presentation of the data science process itself (aka Course 3 of the certificate) and then only the softwares. The only useful piece is the chart presenting the steps of the data process. The rest is purely inadequate at this stage, I am sorry. The course jumps back and forth from the very easy/trivial to the downright specific/complicated without any inbetween. Why mention Kubernetes, gateways, runtimes, PMML and other endless jargon when people don't have a clue where these fit in the bigger picture ? Instead of presenting 68 different softwares and acronyms, I believe it would be more valuable to present Jupyter Notebooks properly, from scratch and focusing on its foundational features. That would be 2-3 hours well invested. One last note: the "Free Python 3.6" environment (using zero machine unit) is not available anymore. I had to create a separate environment manually, with 1 CPU and 4Gb RAM (using 0.5 u/hour) as a second best alternative.
This course is embarrassing to take, the level of education is so that a highschooler would understand it with ease, it does not teach you how to use the tools claimed. Advertising this course as a learning tool to open source tools for DS, is akin to someone advertising a course for programming languages then teaching you how to write hello world in two or three languages. A more apt name for the course is "An outdated advertisement to IBM tools for data science". Why do I suddenly mention outdated? Because the videos, labs, and readings use the IBM skills academy website as is at least a year outdated, the tools they use (specifically adding data to the skills lab) are no longer available, and the instructors have done nothing about this on the forums. You're better off learning from youtube or google or anywhere else, even if this course was free, it'd be a rip-off.
I enjoyed the first part of the specialization and was all set to pay to subscribe for the remaining 9 courses.  Open Source tools for Data Science is an absolute mess though.  From the first chapter, the resources are littered with spelling errors.  Mini-quizzes pop up during videos asking questions on content which hasn't yet been covered.  The labs are vague and make little sense, and then to top it off, Week 3 has a lab and video tutorial for a totally outdated version of Watson Studio which looks nothing like the current version and is impossible to follow along with.I've now unsubscribed from this course.  I'll come back to it if and when it's updated.
I have coding experience for more than 6 years in my field and I do have a Ph.D.; I do not mean that I am smart, I just mean I am used to learning on myself as well as teaching programming (Java) to beginners! The course, tools for data science, seems there is no thinking in the teaching material! what a beginner level means and what are the teaching tools and requirement are! Directly to a terminal in Linux and start doing things that definitely need an intro and some pre actions! What a waste of time! If there was a zero star, I could give one!
Imagine that you weren't particularly handy, but on a whim you decided to build yourself a dog house.  You go to the hardware store, and the guy behind the counter tells you to start with the hydraulic maintenance manual for a multi-million dollar crane used on skyscrapers.  That is the best analogy I can give you for the utter uselessness of this course.I'm plunging ahead with the next course, but I have to say my opinion of IBM is diminishing with every step forward.
Terrible course. I hope the other courses in this certificate program are better. If they are anything like this I would certainly expect people to start asking for their money back. Romeo Kienzler might be very knowledgeable, but he clearly cannot teach well online. The videos were low quality, with bad audio, and taught you next to nothing. Very disappointing.
Really bad narration as well as unclear instruction. This course makes me rethink if I should continue.
The videos and explanations are not great If you are a beginner, do not take this course.
It's terrible, useless and boring
The course materials are extremely outdated and due to this reason I've spent way to much time trying to figure out how to set up my notebook. IBM Watson is just not user friendly and not easy to navigate at all and the basics were not covered anywhere. It just shows that you don't care at all.This is very unprofessional and I am seriously considering dropping out of the remaining courses from this professional certificate and I am definitely not recommending any IBM courses to anybody. I would give it -5 starts if possible.
The videos aren't updated. They are using an old version of the IBM cloud and IBM watson studio. It is extremely difficult to follow the tutorials based on. You should find the recent information through the forums and Google, which is ok. But, why is the idea of having a video that is not useful with the current platform?
Watson and Skill Net are massively complex tools that are hard to use or initiate. That one needs to study these tools for the sake of just using them is a caveat. These tools will go away / be superseded by something else, and this study time is lost. Hope to get some deeper understanding of Data Science soon..
A gigantic advertisement of IBM Watson Studio.Not only that, but the studio itself does not function properly.Some of the videos were made by an IBM professional in his car!!! Honestly, you can see him on his webcam...I found not more than 20% of the course useful.A waste of time and money!
The course is way too basic to pay for it, you can get better value for your money somewhere else. I had too many issues with Watson Studio and the support I received from the tutor/assistants was repetitive and not helpful.
The videos about GitHub were lack of pedagogy. fast, not clear and the subtitles in most of the cases did not match.
I appreciate the efforts that were put together in the course, and I have had very good experience with IBM courses in the past. However, was a bit disappointed with this one. The videos for IBM Watson Lab were outdated, which resulted in a lot of wastage of time to submit the final assignment*. Also, it does not make sense for students to compulsory learn IBM software and use it for assignments. Basically had to learn an extra software which we did not even sign up for. As part of IBM professional certificate, I think it was a bit redundant and can easily be made part of a Python beginner or Data Science beginner course. *Faculty were helpful to point this out and point a step by step procedure for the updated version. But this was in the discussion section, and also immediately makes having watched the videos completely futile.
The worst course of the IBM Data Science Certificate. It does not have the typical quality standards of an IBM course:- The explanation is very poor, disorganised and very below IBM qualities (even below basic standards)- Some videos have terrible audio because they are made in the instructor's car- The teaching lacks consistency and logic: for example, (1) the instructor uses SHH keys but he explains how to make an SHH Key only 2 videos after (he says "I'll tell you how do it later"...); (2) Staging is not mentioned during the videos, but it is requested during the test for week 2 GitHub.- The instructor takes way too many things for granted.- Too many topics done in a very superficial wayDo not attend the course if you are not obliged (you are studying for the IBM data science certificate)
For the people who is interesting about taking this course , I will share my real opinions in order not to waste their time and money. 1) This course has not been designed to teach you something it is more about the IBM services. 2) Do not expect that something will be explained in more detial. 3) Especially who does not have any programming background will not understand anything at a specific part of course. 4)  Especially during the second week, everything that a person explained in the videos were usefullness becuase if you do not know how to write a code there will be no meaning for you. Even if you know how do coding the sequence or the topics which explained during the 2nd week were just nothing ( no meaning). I can tell a lot about the course. BUT COMPLETELY NOT RECOMMENDED
HORRIBLE course. Outdated and boring tutorial videos where you learn nothing except to know the existence of IBM tools that I suppose IBM is trying to promote through this course. The videos were made in 2016 and are completely outdated so you can't follow any of the instructions. The tools themselves are extremely buggy: out of 10 clicks, 6 will end up in an error message. They are not intuitive either. There's no way those tools are used in professional environments.The 5 stars reviews must be fake reviews from IBM staff. There is no way any genuine student would give 5 stars to such a crappy course.Look at the forums' comments and complaints before paying for this.Really shocked that Coursera allowed such bad courses on its platform.
I don't think this course is any good at all. It crams all the different workstations at you giving you tasks to do in each one. Without actually  building projects or seriously using these workstations, by the time you need to use them for a project the retention on how do navigate and use them are going to be low. I have totally forgotten how to use RStudio and what Spark is and I am on course 5 of the IBM cert because it hasn't been used since this course. I believe in a stand-a-lone when I need to refresh, this will be good to go back to but seems kind of pointless in the beginning of the Data Science IBM cert.
Probably one of the least necessary courses in this program. Every video felt like an infomercial explaining all of the tools' features, and alternative tools. I understand having a weeks worth of content for this course, but 4 weeks is excessive. There are many many tools in the realm of data science and as long winded as this was it still did not touch the surface of all them. It also felt like IBM was really trying to push watson studio and their internal tools on me as the viewer.  I see the intent, but this course should be reduced to the MOST commonly used tools and keep it focused on that.
The only objective of this course is to push IBM Cloud and Watson Studio on the learners. The software is highly dysfunctional and user unfriendly. I can't submit my assignment due to unclear instructions and errors that come up when I try to do so. This is so far the worst part of this whole course. I have found a forum link with some troubleshooting which I have fruitlessly searched for an answer, maybe somebody will find something there: https://www.coursera.org/learn/open-source-tools-for-data-science/peer/xakrA/create-and-share-your-jupyter-notebook/discussions/threads/G7ITBorwEem4khKVBn768g
I regret the low review, but this course needs A LOT of work. Instruction is poorly formatted and (seemingly) lazily and sporadically delivered. This is supposed to be a beginner level course with no prerequisites, however, I wonder if newcomers to the course (and this cert overall) should be equipped with some other courses or specializations/certificates before entering this one. Thank you nonetheless for your effort, and I hope you can improve your material in the future after the chaos of the pandemic (and all the pressure it has most surely placed on you) has subsided.Kind regards.
I enjoyed the hands-on lab work. Unfortunately, the instructions given in writing and in the videos are outdated regarding IBM Watson Studio, and this led to a lot of frustration and wasted time trying to click around and search for the correct instructions on my own. There were also many typos in one of the written lessons, and the quizzes didn't always match the material addressed corresponding lesson (or, in one case, the quiz question popped up before the topic was addressed in the video). While I'm grateful for the lab work, this was not a good educational experience.
I do not recommend this course; however, as it's part of the Data Science Certificate it's unavoidable. The course is basically an introduction to an IBM online software that lets you use R, Python, etc. without having to download them. That's fine, but it could realistically be done in about five minutes instead of the two hours the course takes to complete. My advice is either don't take this class if you aren't going for the Certificate, or go through it as fast as possible if you are going for the Certificate. This course was a waste of time.
I hate to give this comment. Poor quality videos and study material. Not simply it misstated the fact that this is a Beginner course, there is also lack of effort in each of the videos made, making beginner very difficult to follow due to frequent switch of screens, making corrections in the video... The Reading/Lab section is also not helpful in terms of giving clear instructions. I only understood 10% of the materials from this course and learned everything else by myself on Youtube and other sources. The videos definitely need to be remade.
This course is a huge disappointment. It is more of a promo of IBM Watson Studio than an actual class. It would be much more useful to make a course about the Anaconda framework, which is a useful desktop framework that I believe many data scientists actually use.The Watson Studio does not seem to be that good either. It is not exactly intuitive and it takes some getting used to before you can navigate through it. The instruction videos and pictures in the lectures do not help much since they are out of date. It is slow too.
Program information advises that this course is ideal for beginners with no prerequisites required.  This is absolutely 'false'.  Week 2 of the program is most certainly about programming, writing code, utilizing Git/Github and a video with an instructor going 90 miles an hour offering instructions on creating a new project that was totally confusing which lead to my decision to cancel my subscription of this course. Refer to Week 2 Discussion Forum for comments of other participants. Very disappointed.
Videos seem to be copied in from third parties. They do not have a logical progression and often overlap.Many instances of the video showing an obsolete version of the software to the point that it is impossible to follow the instructions given, and the students must scour the forums or google to find their own solutions. This type of learning is not worth paying for.Exercises were not educational. My only takeaway from this course was one sentence summarizing the tools given and markdown shorthand.
Very poorly organized. I was taken straight to the video section at the beginning of this course. Unfortunately, the videos dive right into coding in Python, even though the first course in this series had never discussed Python!Also, the quizes do a poor job of educating someone like me who is new to Data Science. Important subjects are skimmed through in a very ad hoc fashion, and then the quiz begins, but you cannot reference the notes that cover that quiz. Overall, very poor course design.
As an introductory course, (which it is supposed to be) this course is awful.The videos consist of large amounts of technical jargon that are not understandable to someone who is a beginner.  There is very little explanation of why or how something is being done. Many of the instructions have not been updated for the most recent version of the tools .There are many, many, many confused people on the message boards over the last few months, yet nothing has been done to correct it.
The videos are outdated for several months now. The content must've been good before, but now it is useless considering Watson Studio has been updated radically.We're paying real non refundable money for something like this! This is not acceptable. This issue has also been raised in the discussion forums but nothing has changed. I have been digging in the forums trying to follow the course but It is impossible to !! I feel cheated, and so will you, if you enroll here!!
This certification track is complete garbage!   The first course was superficial definitions of Data Science - I can look all that up on my own!   The second course was very sloppy with the instructions, the screen shots did NOT match what I saw on Watson studio, when I reached out for help, the instructors response was totally unhelpful.  Coursera needs to either revamp this course or cancel it!   This was a huge waste of time and money!
Very poor at the moment. Week 2 Rstudio section has a downloadable map, after lots of work I did manage to do a workaround to get the zip file but then it couldn't be loaded. Equally and worse Week 3 covers Watson Studio, this has changed from Data Science Experience; the blurb says that its just a name change but thats not correct and I wasted hours trying to follow the instructions from the old layout through to the new layout.
Video tutorials are outdated, based on the old interface of IBM tools. Teachers are not giving instructions how to get some of the tools like Jupyter notebook of RStudio, they don't say which libraries needs to be installed before doing exercise and finally they don't show the full code which they're running. Overall it's a presentation of IBM products and those two open source products mentioned above, with a bit of GitHub.
This course was a big disappointment.  this professional certificate is supposed to be for beginners with no prior knowledge. You keep explaining very advanced features and services like ssps modeler which I think something related to neural networks and for me as a Bonner I don't know anything about it. unfortunately this course makes a learner who is excited to learn frustrated and lost
This course was awful, just a bunch of useless speeches, limited or no information about the workbenches, explaining only how to save a file or how to upload a file - maybe 5-6 times I have heard instruction about saving your work. Who does not recognise save icon nowadays? Who needs these instructions? Only coding so far lear, 1 + 1 equal to 2.... Course 2 was just a waste of time.
One big course full of clickbait and needless and useless cloud services requiring you to give out information. There is not a single thing to learn about data science in this course. I've spent the last 2 hours jumping through the hoops of the companies endorsed in the course and so far I'm getting errors left and right, preventing me from completing this course.
This course is really disappointing. This was supposed to be a beginner level but it is not actually. Someone has to have a clear knowledge about Python, RStudio, machine learning, AI etc beforehead to actually understand this course. I continued for 2 weeks the gave up because it is not worth it!Really did not expect this from platform like coursera and IBM.
The course should be improved, as all resources that it references to were significantly changed. At the moment I do not see any benefits of continuing the whole IBM Data Science set of courses, as I anticipate that the next 7 courses are at the same "not up to date"  level. It's sad as I have to search for better knowledge sources.
This is not a beginner course. At all. The instructions skip over multiple steps to the point where you have look up half of everything yourself. Which is not why I paid for this course. To be clear, this has been an issue in both of the IBM's Data Science Professional courses I've begun. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY IF YOU'RE A BEGINNER
Absolute waste of money and time. The videos are outdated and can not be followed. The quizzes are totally irrelevant. The videos will make you sign up with lots of IBM services and won't teach you anything about it. Totally frustrating experience and it was the worst "course" I've ever experienced in my life. Wouldnt recommend.
The course felt poorly structured. Quizes ask questions that have not been covered yet. Have had to use a lot of secondary resources, googling,  to understand terms. The videos would reference tabs that didn't actually exist in the jupyter workbooks. All in all a rather unsatisfactory experience compared to the first course.
I'm sorry but I felt like there was not much guidance in using the tools you introduced us to. I was able to get 100% on all my tests while not being able to press single button on apache zeppelin - still completely don't know how to use this program. Your links don't work, videos are outdated and forum doesn't help either.
During the final portion of this course, it got confusing and their was no one to help.  I stumbled throw this course.  Even when I tried to email or text or go to the discussion page, no one to help me.  I am not sure I want to go any further using your course.  I guess it's like the old saying "You get what you pay for".
A very bad course!!!Extremely disappointed  by this course. It was meant to be for beginners, but the explanation was not understandable for beginners. Even the videos were very short and didn't explain some of the very basic parts. Worst experience I every had with any of the coursera courses.
Not very useful at all. Basically just a marketing campaign for IBM. The fact that they dare charge for this course or any of the other in this specialization is outrageous. Most of the content is outdated and the tools they force you to use have been updated so the content is not aligned.
Coursera needs to update the material and almost all of the videos. It is frustrating and time-consuming to figure things out on IBM Watson Studio when the instructions are non-existent. You need to go through the forums and discussion-threads to figure out how the Jupyter notebooks work.
No Submissions AvailableThere are no submissions available for you to review right now. Come back later if you want to review more classmates' submissions!How to start next section when being held up by cousera.I am busy, have limited time to study, this is not productive work flow.
Video and audio are out of sync. Very little knowledge or skills value. Blank or misleading Quiz questions, misleading instructions, obvious IBM advertisement and account-herding practices. Quite disappointed, for paid offer unacceptable. Hope next courses will be much more useful.
This material is not very useful. Although, it presents IBM Watson as a very productive and interesting tool for data science, the videos, readings, and exercises are not very helpful. It lacks of explanation and are not clear enough and make tedious the use of IBM Watson.
You can't just put down some videos and call it a course. Also, naming tools like there is no tomorrow doesn't mean the course is good. This is most likely the worst online course I've ever had a chance to be a part of and would not recommend it to anyone. Waste of time.
Unfortunatelly, the course materials are deprecated. The videos need to be reviewed. Also, there should be more videos and more content to work in the Notebooks. I think the course should be moved to a point where the student already knows some programming to be useful.
The course introduces three notebooks to the student, however, it fails to show the student how to use them. The answers to various questions were not explained in the videos and most of the videos are outdated. I do not feel like I have taken much from this course.
This course is seriously broken.  The last section of the course requires you to use cloud.ibm.com, but the applications referenced have been significantly changed, and do not work as described.  Until this is significantly revised, this course cannot be completed.
Week 2's content, specifically the Zeppelin Notebook section was down for weeks and no one from Coursera even addressed the issue. Meaning I passed a course that's meant to give me at least a little experience with Zeppelin Notebooks, without ever using one.
Cannot follow the course because the IBM tool has changed the process and the course materials are outdated!Wasted so much time reading the forum to try figure out. This is not productive learning time. This is stupid time that comes from a outdated course
The videos no longer match the cloud/site.The videos are no help because of that and because they go too fast, without a chance to follow along on the cloud/site.  Of course they need to update first.I got so frustrated I left the entire specialization.
All the assignments stays locked. I tried changing the timeline also, nothing works. Thanks to this course my specialization remained uncompleted. The staff managing the course is doing a great job. Thanks to you, I wont be able to get a certification.
I would not recommend the IBM data science certificate course for beginners as there is no support from IBM and they seem to be keener on the paid their subscriptions. HarvardX courses are less complicated than this and have no conflict of interest.
The videos shown are obsolete and learners are having diffi ulty completingg dinal assignment because of this...IBM cloud is impossible to use....so stressfull especially because there is no one to talk to about this....you r basically on your own
The labs were very poorly explained, with limited explanations and no clarity on the purposes for the lines of code. I struggled to instal and use most of the software because the instructions were not clear enough. I was extremely disappointed.
The course links are outdated, course provided online tools doesn't work properly i could not even access the lab environments mentioned in the course since there was issues with the website i simply cannot recommend the course based on that.
Zepplin notebooks were not accessible.RStudio was accessible sometimes.TUtorial on watson studio was very different from the actual interface of watson studio.The course is actually not updated along with the watson studio and other tools.
I thought that the course was premature. It would be nice to learn about the tools after some background in data science and than I would get actual experience with those tools. But unfourtunatly at this stage I think it was premature.
Very outdated course. Atleast they could have updated the videos to match with entirely new layout of IBM Watson Studios or Cognitive Class Lab. Even the information provided was very minimal with proper background or context to them
Many video contents are out of date which making confusions to learner, i.e. Data Science Experience now change to IBM Watson Studio, but they do not update the video contents accordingly. It then very hard for learner to follow.
The content was okay but there were a lot of technical support problems. Apparently the IBM cloud infrastructure is in transition. Also, as the course admits, some of the videos use old terminology. This just needs to be fixed.
It seems that the real purpose of this course is to promote IBM's merchandise, not propagate knowledge. Because of this, there is lot of 'What is the different between ordinary XXX and IBM-provided XXX" kind of junk in it.
Useless course as far as familiarizing oneself with data science tools. It's simply a promotion of IBM's proprietary platform. And owing to the frequent technical problems and outdated instructions it fails even at that!
Trying to create a Jupyter notebook in IBM Watson for two days now as asked by the final assignment. The interface in the video is outdated and I'm really confused about how to create this simple assignment in Watson.
Course videos are out of date. The entire third week is dedicated to IBM Data Science Experience, which has been removed and replaced by IBM Watson Studio. Not much point to a walkthrough when you can't follow along.
This course is not about tools for Data Science and how to use it, but about two services provided by IBM which have, among others, some tools used for data science (not explained in depth, but asked for, here)
This is a waste of time.The course introduces various tools for data science. However, the majority of the focus was on IBM's products which leads to frustration. I'm surprised this course is offered by IBM.
Some instructors' videos are not clear with strong accent. And, final assignment does not match learning material which made it very complicated to complete. Hard to register IBM account for watson studio.
This course was at some extent confusing especially when I was learning about Watson Studio.It needs to be updated because the videos and its subtitle are still following the old DSX  environment.Thank you
The information is given in such a boring matter that it's impossible to keep your attention long enough not to fall asleep. I have completed other courses in Coursera, and haven't had this issue before.
The course material (the videos) do not match with what IBM Watson Studio offers online. I wasted a lot of time to figure out some technical details which is not clear in your videos. So I gave up...
The course study material is outdated and there is no support for the issued faced during the assignment. I am unable to complete the the assignment and have to move forward without the certificate.
The course needs more instructions on the basic and more study materials. As the course suggests, you do not need programming background, but it was taught like one understands the basics and more.
The information was random and did not match up with the videos. This was not taught as a beginner's class. The instructions were unclear; was missing parts and needed a lot of clarification .
The topics are not covered from the base which makes it difficult for the beginners. Further the videos on the application are very poor as they are all out dated. Kindly update the videos.
Awful course. IBM Watson Studio, the platform where you are supposed to do the final assignment, doesn't work properly and nobody cares. There are no instructors or moderators on the forum.
As someone who knows data science, I didn't find the course useful at all. They explain some technology but don't go too into detail about anything and it seems like a wasted opportunity.
the lectures should be understandle to the beginners but these lectures will undertand to those who have already know those things please chnage and make videos understand to beginners
Course content is not up to date. It was very frustrating and time-consuming trying to create a project and finding menus that are actually not on the current version of IBM Watson.
I am writing this review when doing the final project, it's a good course but only 60 percent the rest of them is to advertise featuring for IBM Cloud Service, which is super slow.
No actual teaching or lectures. Just pointless 4-minutes videos which introduce assignments that you figure out on your own. Terrible course, terrible specialization from IBM.
I have taken many courses in Coursera, but this one is horrible. It is very unorganized. The material is repetitive and not up-to-date.It has been a waste of money and time.
The essence of this course can be fit into a one 10-15 mins youtube video. While the contents can be somewhat useful, the course itself is a complete waste of time and money
Videos are really outdated, you should please update the videos with the current version of IBM Watson Studio. It had wasted a lot of time for me to figure out the stuff.
Did I pay for an IBM advertisement? Seems like so. Furthermore, the videos in the lessons are obsolete and refer to a version of IBM Watson that is no longer available.
I can't open IBM cloud in China. It took like half an hour to just login the website. It's really annoying bc the final assignment was required to use the IBM platform.
Everything in this course feels like it stars in the middle, no explanation of anything. The course doesn't have any flow just random videos shown one after the other.
ibm watson studio tutorial needs an update.. I found tutorial bit difficult because the ibm watson studio was in its updated version but tutorial wasn't updated..
The videos are outdated, and the final assignment cannot be done due to technical issues. The instructor is not responsive to questions in the comment section.
outdated. UI of the program has completed changed, and the instruction is still in the old way. I wasted so much time on finding out how to use the program.
Very useless course. The material would be best learned along with one of the languages. Instead, this is a glorified advertisement for IBM Watson Studio.
Outdated, mostly ads for the used services.You could learn all the information provided in this course in under half an hour just by reading.
The course is not really well organized. Furthermore, the videos are deprecated wrt the open sources they refer to. I wouldn't recommend it!
The course is good but Video files should have been upgraded for a new product. It make students that have poor IT background be confused.
module 2 and 3 are far too complicated and monotonous for absolute beginners of data science. cancelling my subscription for the same.
Material not updatedProject does not seem to workout as explained, HTML content does not show up on browser when you share the link
terrible. Can't believe I need to pay for this because this was simply only a matter of ads for IBM and it gave me nothing to do.
The platforms are not ready. Instructions are outdated. Just familiarized with possible platforms, didn't learn anything useful.
Very difficult to follow without any previous programming experience. Would put this course after in-depth programming courses.
i was unable to access IBM Watson facility to perform practicals and with this i also unable to attend my PEER GRADE assignment
What does this course aim to achieve, this course will definitely scare any beginner off from data science. Serves no purpose
Cours are not updated and maintained for new updates for the tools and it is frustrating to navigate through instructions.
Outdated course with unresponsive teaching staff. Screenshots did not match the current IBM cloud and should be updated!
Lets not lie... This course was a giant ad for IBM's tools and also a very clever way to gather data about their users.
Course Videos were not updated. It took too much time to create account on IBM watson. It was complete waste of time
This course is completely out-dated and confusing. Everyone's complaining, someone really has to look into this.
The Watson Studio tutorial is out of date and the product itself is nothing but frustrating.  A bad experience.
The sites are not working and there are no links given. The course could have been mad emuch more better
Videos out of date, which slows down the pace. Unacceptable, considering it's about an IBM platform.
The Interface of the Watson has changed and it takes a lot of time to be able to do the assignments
waste of time with no added value. videos are old and don't correspond to the new presented UIs
You learn almost nothing in this course. It is sort of an advertisement for what's to come.
The instruction for the final assignment is totally outdated, it was a terrible experience.
Basically promotion of IBM Watson Studio, Hope rest of the specialization will be better.
Out of date very uninformative and full of IBM ads instead of teaching anything practical
The videoes were not updated. I have spent hours to figure out how to follow the videos.
videos are not helpful at all. you have to find other sources to complete this course.
Totally redundant.. I get the IBM promotion agenda, but it is not useful in this stage
Update the videos, I do not understand how can you charge for an non updated ourse,
Watson studio connectivity is poor. Lectures are not in-depth and not professional
The instructions of the videos for completing the graded project are outdated.
Not too much things introduced. Just let you open an account in IBM cloud.
Poorly explained. The Git hub part needs to be rethought.  Disappointing.
Instructions to resolve the outdated videos are out of the sequence.
Bit improve it by including some short of practice lab with example.
Very unorganized course , it can be represented in much better way
Difficult to follow as the Jupyter Notebooks have been deprecated.
impossible to conclude because of the videos that are not updated
Videos are not updated that's why many learners are complaining.
the cognitive labs isn't working the website setup has changed
Outdated Tutorials. Very Difficult to figure everything out.
outdated course in comparison with the IBM data experience.
Where is the instructors ??!!A lot of technical problems.
ibm cloud content is outdated to almast irrelevance
Update the videos before releasing this as a class
Felt like an ad for IBM's data science platform.
The links to practice are down since last week.
Waste of time without programming experience,
Looks like IBM is just selling their products
Too much advertisement for the IBM platform
Poor explanations and lack of instruction
Outdated information needs to be updated.
the contents in the video is so outdated.
Videos are outdated compared to programs
The video does not fit the instructions
It's not that clearly for a beginner.
Please update the content and videos.
Not updated Test are very novice
very simple and limited skill
Out of date course materials
so unnecessary learning path
THE LAB CANNOT BE ACCESSED .
Marketing, not education.
No depth whatsoever.
watson studio sucks
Need to be updated
out of date links
So outdated... :(
update the videos
Not updated
Very bad
the videos are outdated.if you register watson studio with default settings (your country insted of USA) chances are it will not work
Course videos are outdated as of 1/14/2019. This lead to a lot of time wasted checking the discussion boards for answers. Otherwise it's a great course.
Very meager overview of tools. No explanation of what you are doing, videos are outdated, no explanation of the differences between the tools (when do you choose which tools), system was down for a long time, links are not working correctly. It looks as if this module was made years ago and then systems developed but the course was never updated. Course leaders is not working anymore for IBM already for more than a year. IBM you can do better!
Some information is not updated and a huge amount of time is lost in trying to figure out how to do simple things just because of the platform they are telling you to use. However, you can find useful information in the forums as all students have similar problems. I would just recommend this course to users who do not know tools such as Jupyter notebooks already.
The second week of this course is so confusing and difficult to follow I almost dropped it.  The third and fourth week were much better organized.  The second week should be deleted from this course, it was not helpful at all.
A clear explanation of every tool required. Too advanced for beginners in data science.
These materials should be updated to the current Watson work environment
the videos about Watson lab are out of date.
I have stopped going though the IBM specialization after this course - this review is for beginners (like me), who have no coding/programming background. Coursera disappointed me because instructors are not there to help - you post questions in the forum hoping that there is a more knowledgable individual who will help you with your question. And if there is no such person, then your questions will not get answered by anyone. Secondly, it mentions that course is for beginners with no programming experience, but then some codes, syntax and computer science terms get thrown at you without explaining basics and then videos are rushed through, leaving student only confused and frustrated. Thirdly, courses lack consistency, clarity and are overall are very sloppy - information gets thrown at you from all places with no specific structure (if you had taken courses on CodeAcademy, you will understand what I mean).Lastly, I was disappointed by some videos from Zeppelin Tutorials where all that instructor did was just reading text from main zeppelin page! I could do that by myself. I am reverting to learning with CodeAcademy which was my original choice, but I thought that maybe IBM will be a good name to showcase on social profiles. IBM here does not mean anything.
This is supposed to be a beginner level course. In the introduction, it was clearly mentioned by you that no-prerequisite knowledge is necessary. This course was taught to us as if we are already some professionals in this field. A majority of the explanations went above my head. Also while demonstrating the registration to the tools, please ensure you update your course. The current version we are using and the version of the tool at the time of recording are quite different. You need to literally scratch your head in trying to understand. For example, while using the Python environment in Jupyter notebook in Watson studio, your tutorial clearly shows us to select the Free version of the tool. But when I tried, there was no free version of the tool at all. I was given 50 units of asset after which I would be charged. Please upgrade your tutorial. By looking at this course, I am not sure if you would focus on one tool at a time. Assimilating this much information for a beginner level learner is something un-comprehendable.
I can say overall it's a good program. However by reviewing the first few courses, you will get a headache, but the rest courses are very useful. Some parts are really useless for a data scientist and are more useful for programmers, which I recommend you do not put a lot of time on them and skip them as much as you can. Apart from the material, I think this certificate is really useful for you to get a job. But, if you just want to learn new concepts in data science and do not need a certificate, I recommend you to take other courses other than IBM. There are very good courses on @linkedin Learning. In this program, IBM pushes you to work only on its platforms which is really annoying and I think this a considerable drawback of this program. If you spend at least 4-5 hours a day, you'll be able to complete it in 2 months. The subscription is monthly and it's around $50 CAD and you can unsubscribe whenever you want.
There are lots of technical glitches in this one. Quizzes in a video before you've gotten to that information, missing links, places that ask your thoughts on something that really doesn't need thoughts, etc. I think it's also misplaced in the series. It assumes that you know a lot more about data science than you do if you've just watched "What is Data Science?" They talk about some great resources for writing in Python, R and Scala, but you haven't yet learned them if you take this as the second class in the series. I think there's probably a lot I didn't pick up on, simply because I didn't have the base that knowledge needed to build on. It might be a great class (if they fixed the glitches), if placed elsewhere in the series.
A good overview of tools that are common to the field. The videos are just plain horrible. The narrator does not explain anything that he is typing on the screen, he makes frequent mistakes, and parts of the screen are not even visible. One video shot showed the narrator recording the video from the driver's seat of his car! Quality needs more focus. Also, the explanation of some of the labs are confusing and many many many students encountering similar errors...but when looking at that discussion forum, staff just cut-and-paste same unhelpful message to everyone. I guess you either figured it all out and make it through the course, or give up in frustration.
Outdated lectures and low quality videos. Owful  monotonous narration (puts you to sleep). It is as if IBM & Coursera are trying on purpose to put people off Data Science. :-)The 1st course of this specialisation (What is Data Science) was truly educational, fun and easy to watch thus to understand and remember what you have learned. This course is the opposite.IBM & Coursera people, the fact that someone is a super duper scientist doesn't automatically qualify to be a teacher nor a narrator, and please IBM, do improve the quality of the videos with better graphics and enriched material. We know that you can afford to do so.
The first course in the IBM Data Science Professional track was excellent. This one is not. This particular course is dry compared to the previous one.
It’s difficult to pay attention when many of the videos are a boring
presentation of dozens of data science tools. Week two is less dry but is
poorly organized and needs more explanation and refinement (poor audio quality,
lacking descriptions). There are also videos which are essentially repeats
(cover the same information) of the previous course but of worse quality. Overall,
this course lacks refinement and organization, and is not worth paying for.
The content is a good intro into the tools that you are gonna use in a data career. However, I did have two major issues here where:1) As IBM moved to Watson Studio from Data Science Experience, this did create some of the visuals and knowledge a bit outdated.2) There was a massive disconnect when you have issues working Watson; especially with signing up and logging in. I see that this was a huge issue since then (judging by reading the discussion sections of the course) and this (along with my first point0 should definitely be discussed if you want this content to still provided.
It is a very quickly course, the week of the open source tools it's seen really quick, you can barely understand anything and they put three different tools in one week, if you really want to learn them search another course; it is also a big propaganda for de IBM tools, and they put so much more effort on selling you the idea that their products are really necessary that in actually introduce you to the tools that a data scientist use, and its so hard to understand if you don't speak english as your mother language, hope that with time they can fix it.
This course is not good.  It has taken me  several times the amount of time specified due to the outdated videos that no longer represent the tool as provided.  Struggling to get simple markdown commands to work in the notebook, but I successfully executed them in the previous toolset.  Several back and forth's between the actual work and the videos is very aggravating.  It would be nice if you at least provided some printable instructions.  I feel that I have gotten off track and may not be able to find my way back to a normalized starting point.
A frustrating course that uses a lot of programming terms without explaining them. I got through it by just assuming we'd learn more in later courses and thanks to a little bit of computer knowledge, but it would have been helpful to have a secton on what the languages are, what's Spark, what kernels are, etc, for beginners. Also annoying that the tools have changed since the videos were made, so, for instance, Watson Studio looks quite different than the old tool in the video, so it's hard to figure out where to start a project.
The Coursera videos to IBM Data Science Experience (now IBM Watson Studio) are outdated and therefore lead to unnecessary confusion and, to a point, obstruction of completing the course. The end-of-course project was 10x easier than figuring out how to set up a Jupyter Notebook in IBM Watson Studio. I guess you could say it's a sadistic way to weed people from the course! Please make the updated videos an immediate priority. Otherwise, the obtusely simple (enter code "1+1" to represent addition) videos are irrelevant.
This course at one time would have been great. However, for myself and many others (based on numerous discussion posts during my time taking the course), there was a multitude of technical errors and outdated training. Zeppelin Notebooks was not a working functionality in the IBM Skills Network, and most of the walkthrough guides were unhelpful due to updates in the tools being showcased. The course is in need of some serious updating to catch up on many changes that have impacted the tools covered in this course.
Material in this course looked like part of something else. It's a beginner's course but suddently I'm faced with a lot of technical jargon with no explanation. I supposed to experiment with software and code I've never seen or know how to interpret and I'm just suppose to run it to see what happens. I have no idea what I was supposed to learn from it. Week 2 was demotivating and added nothing to my knowledge. This week was an absolute loss of time. I still learned something from week 1 and 3
The course needs to be updated. Especially the IBM Watson Studio section is something which needs to be worked on again. The site they refer to has hanged completely. IBM site was not user friendly and caused a lot of confusion. It took a lot of time to figure it out. This problem is not isolated and there have been a lot of users who are struggling to figure out how to solve it. This causes additional problems as the final assignment depends on getting started with the IBM website.
Overall intro for open source tools that could be four stars if updated for current layout and usage of its star tool, IBM Watson. The inaccurate videos for Watson make this course very frustrating, and moreso because the final, graded project is expected to be completed on Watson despite the course's acknowledgement that the lectures need updating for that tool. It's doable, thanks to the other students posting tips in the discussion forums.
5 stars for the first two weeks, but the week about Watson is just terrible. The discussion board is full of complaints. IBM should not promote itself this way.Coursera should not spread this content and charge for it. It's a rip off.The videos are totally outdated and it took literally hours and looking on the discussions on how to get to the point that I could do the application and the final assessment. IBM wasted my valuable time here.
I am personally found it very difficult to create a notebook on IBM Watson because course take the tutorial videos from IBM Watson itself without checking whether there is any updates where the UX changed significantly. I have to research Google and forums to find out the ways to create a notebook on IBM Watson. I hope that this review will help the authors of the course find it easier to update the course content.
Well structured layout and solid indications of what the knowledge necessary for a learning path to data science.  Which is appreciated as there is a lot information out there and difficult  to filter out the noise.  The course however is very light and lacks some real educational information.  The content would need to be 'beefed' up considerably. And more rigorous quizzes and questions needed.
A lot of good information here which should have been rated higher, but everything took so much longer than it ought to have, because it was so poorly presented. The materials are outdated (or missing/difficult to find with the IRIS dataset) and difficult to follow. The course needs a complete update and overhaul by someone who understands online learning and user interface/user experience.
What they explain in video doesn't have similarity in accessing the real assignment, since its a paid course, they should at least review the content yearly the least.It took away 2 days to figure it out on my own, in order to complete the assignment, and also disappointing there is no easy access to help of coursera.Wasted a lot of time and energy, looks like learnt this one on my own.
It is basically just a brief overview off the interface and a narrator who reads the text of the tutorial. some of the R video's are out of sync. The Watson Studio one is so outdated that you have to find out yourself how the program works instead of watching a good introduction. overall I've learned nothing this entire course besides opening the program and clicking on the tutorial.
The course was ill-prepared - the videos were annoyingly long while not being too informative; big part of the course was simply an IBM marketing content. To conclude the course, the student has to sign up for an IBM service however the instructions are unclear and the sign-up path proposed by the course instructors is faulty, resulting in not being able to fulfil the assessment.
As a total and complete beginner when it comes to most things data science, computers, coding, programming, etc., this course was very challenging.  It felt unorganized, overwhelming, and filled with jargon.  I eventually started putting things together by the end of the course, but it took me a lot longer and a lot more effort (and stress) than I would have liked.
The tools and website is sometimes hard to connect, and has maintenance/update very often and it made it extra difficult for us new comers to follow up without step by step guide to the new features, which prolonged the course and it wasn't very necessary.But I did learn a lot from this course hopefully the tools and guides get better for the future students.
If you are going to create a class, please DOUBLE CHECK everything periodically.  We have found most of what you are telling us is wrong and are having to learn by trial and error.  I feel sorry for those who do not have a background in computers or speak english.  They have to be very frustrated by your outdated instructions that do not work.  I know I am.
The Skills Network Lab never once worked for me while I was enrolled in this course. While I have Jupyter Notebooks and RStudio available to me via an Anaconda installation, and could therefore follow along to most of the lessons, installing Zeppelin locally proved to be too difficult for me, and thus I have no hands-on experience with Zeppelin thus far.
Too much content that was not accurate, (i.e. time to actually re-record the videos vs just having all those notes that say they're the same - the navigation on the IBM site is different now, so it's not just a title - time to rerecord).  Also, found that a decent amount of it was a rehash of things in the first class in the certification.
The course says suitable for beginners but by Week 2, it becomes apparent that this is not actually the case. I was able to finish the course, but with great difficulty and a lot of research outside of the modules to understand this. There should have been a bit more of an introduction to the skills that would have been needed further on.
I ended up having to reset the course deadlines multiple times due to the final project. My final project was submitted end of february, and yet still beginning of April have still not received final grades for it, thus need to keep resetting deadlines. A little frustrating to keep paying a new fee for a course that has been completed.
Although the intent was clear, and IBM Watson Studio is helpful, this course needs to be rewritten.  The week 3 content is a repeat of what was completed in the first course of this certification.  Additionally, the content of needs to be updated to reflect the new format and functions of IBM Watson Studio over Data Science Experience.
Rather shallow course that tests you on trivial knowledge mentioned at some point in the videos/readings. More hands-on exercises/assignments will be more useful, instead of just testing on things that can be easily googled. Course does give a nice overview of data science tools, you one does not learn much more than an overview.
This one comes to soon in the path to get IBM professional certificate.To many tools to get a handle off when you just start out. A bit overwhelmingAs a stand alone course when you need these tools it is probably ok.I would have prefered to just stay with skillabs and move on.and then later maybe come back when absolutely needed.
The content of week 2 (module 2) was shockingly bad. Complete disregard for the level that this course is aimed at and extremely bad quality. Week 1 overall was decent compared to week 2, but was a complete data dump and quite a challenge to keep up. Week 3 and the assessment in week 4 were a pleasure and a delight to learn
IBM Watson section is totally out of date and no where is it mentioned that the information in the videos is  not accurate and the steps are all wrong. very disappointined in the quality of this course will be canceling subscription if this is the type of instruction the other courses have. Totally unacceptable
I understand the purpose of this course, to showcase all the different tools a data scientist needs, but since this course is offered for beginner level, the vast majority of the concepts introduced in the lections serve no purpose in educating since we don't have the expertise to grasp it.
Confusing, curriculum not designed for beginners that don't have coding experience. You can get through it, get a certificate, and learn some stuff, but be prepared to Google a lot and watch other tutorial videos in order to pass the course quizzes, because the video lectures are terrible.
Well, that course is not that useless as the previous one in the specilization because now at least I got to know some tools. But still, most of the course is a waste of time, as all those tools could be described and linked as a part of some module in a more difficult and hands-on course.
You really need to update the video to reflect how the latest versions of the tools look. Consider whether it is really necessary to have us sign up to 2 different cloud lab environments, surely one would suffice. Both these issues cause a lot of frustration as can be seen in the forums.
I felt a lot of the content was outdated (whether it was the names of software, or the screenshots they showed). I also didn't learn much from it, and felt it would have been more meaningful if we learned these tools in conjunction with doing more meaningful and engaging work with them.
The course provides some basic knowledge of the tools and platforms for a data scientist and how to technically use them. however, a third of the course is a technical guide for the use of an older version of the watson platform. basically a big portion of the course is a waist of time.
Course had a lot of content, that was great, but lessons and instructions did not match the software from IBM to be used.  This wasted hours of time and added  lot of frustration.  Please course owner, update these course so students can get the full benefit without wasted frustration.
Very brief. Although it's meant to teach tools for data science but the explanations are too quick. Assignments don't really explain why we are using those commands. So many tool names to remember without any explanation and how to use them. Very dissatisfied with this course. Thanks
The videos introducing you to new tools like Jupyter and Github are SO BAD that it is basically just a man recording his own screen and rambling without a script. The video was not educational and not formal. It is worse than free Youtube videos that show you the exact same things.
Quality of support material is not good. The amount of tools presented is overwhelming, maybe should be considered to present them gradually according to the need of application, this would help a better understanding of functionality and the reall need of the usage of such tool.
While the course offers a good introduction to open source tools, this course and the whole specialization track is available for free on cognitive class.. And the badge issued by cognitive class doesn't say powered by coursera. So 2 stars for charging money for a free course
This course was okay, but it definitely needs to be updated or redone. In the first lesson, there were a lot of spelling mistakes which makes me question the accuracy of the rest of the course. I did learn about the tools though, but will need to play around more on my own.
The content was informative. However, the page in the lecture was not updated, and it was not easy to follow the instruction since some instructions in the practice exercise was not clear enough. It will be better to have clearer, and detailed explanation and instructions.
Too much focus on IBM provided software, parts of the course felt like I was training as a sales representative, with being graded on my knowledge of IBM products. Some of the questions in quiz's had 'joke answers', which is not what I'd expect from a professional course.
First couple weeks are interesting to see but not overly useful.  Week 3 videos are horribly out dated, links are none existent or not working.  Website for application doesn't appear to work half the time and it can be impossible to even complete the course in full.
Material seems outdated, and poorly informative. Too many topics are just mentioned without details, which is frustrating: I got the feeling that to have a minimal real understanding of the subject I had to do a lot of personal research outside of the course.
Silly questions that is primarily throwing in negatives in the statements or trying to trick you rather than assessing skills. The course primarily shows the UIs of the tools and its scope/what it supports and very little about open source tools as such
It seems there is something wrong when try to get a promo code and use IBM cloud (watson studio) system to finish the assignment, which disappointed me and cancelled the rest courses. It is really a pity that I really want to learn the course .
Not that helpful. Too much like an an introductory article on 'data science' as well as an ad for Big Data University. 2 stars for introducing somewhat helpful tools, but this helpfulness could have been achieved in much less course material.
Very informative for someone who is looking to start writing in code. Week 3 was very messy. Nothing was where it was advised on the videos which made them very redundant. A lot of time wasting and looking at discussion Forums as a result.
The IBM platform website looks to be updated. it would help if the videos were also updated so there is less confusion for students when they try sign up for an IBM account. Looks like a few students had issues from the discussion forums.
Content is pretty outdated and the user interface of the tools have changed a lot since then. Also it teaches nothing worth 3 weeks and only shows u different notebooks which could easily be taught while applying them in other courses!
Course feels rushed and does not really provides good quality material or useful instructions other than very rapidly presenting IBM's tools. Last week evaluation is simply terrible and unfair. Other platforms should also be allowed.
This course isn't as well organized as other courses I've done on Coursera. Several of the quizzes ask questions about things that aren't covered until much later in the course. I had to skip those quizzes, then go back to them.
Videos are out of date and hard to follow on IBM Watson Studio.  You have to read though pages of comments trying to figure out each piece since the screens look completely different now.  They need to update the videos ASAP.
The videos don't align with how the Watson Studio is operated. It took about 3 hours of complete wastage to get to know how the account works on IBM cloud. Kindly update the videos in accordance to the new interface.
It focuses too much on what IBM can offer and not so much on other, also effective, free tools that could help a data scientist, also i think this course would fit better later on the Data Science Certification.
While the Course provided an Overview of available and popular Tools it provided Little actual experience of actually applying them and at Points almost looked like an advertisment for IBM's Cloud offerings.
I had a major problem while using Watson Studio as its interface and features are completely different from what is shown in the videos and moreover it is showing various errors while choosing a project
I appriciated the course in general. Nevertheless, for me the main issue was that the video lectures concerning watson are outdated. The information provided does not correspond to the real platform
Very much feels like an IBM commercial. You HAVE to sign up for IBM's cloud service and use a clunky tool there, and on top of that the videos are so out of date that the UI has completely changed.
This is a paid course so update your videos regarding IBM Watson Studio. I wasted a lot of time to figure out the steps. Also the course is very high level and doesn't teach any practical skills.
This course is very short, and, moreover, I had met some negative moments such as outdated videos and the fact that the Zeppelin notebook is not avaliable now (april 2020) on Skill Network Labs.
annoying that you need to upload your jupyter notebook via watson studio. besides that the data science experience doesnt exist anymore, so the last week was not great material in my opinion.
For me better if it will be some docker image with required tools. But there is a promotion to use some external tools, that, as for me, not suitable for some research and development.
I'm afraid I did not enjoy this course because I spent more time with IBM tech support that with the actual learning activities. And by looking at the forum, I wasn't the only one....
the course is not up to date with the latest interfaces of the open tools sites, causing a lot of confusion and need to wait for an instructor/mentor to reply in the forum section.
The courses "What is Data Science" and "Open Source tools for Data Science" could be merged in one, there would be a better explanation about the tools available from IBM....
Some useful explanation of how to use Jupyther/Github/R but also lots of time wasted on presenting, over and over, IBM's tools and some very poor quality videos for Github.
Week 2 was very poorly explained. I did enjoy looking at the IBM tools but there was far too much in such a short space of time - too much video made it less pleasurable.
The whole content of the course is very basic and online scratching on the surface. It could easily be integrated in another course and though could be more constructiv.
I give this course a 2. It was so difficult to sign into IBM Cloud. I got repeated error messages. The tool seems to have a lot of bugs and makes learning frustrating.
Rushed through course explaining too many things without proper background knowledge. One section was advertisement for IBM tools which most of us probably won't use.
To me, this is just a presentation of online tools on cloud data storage. There should be more practical exercises from easy to hard to get used to with these tools.
The course is not updated with all the tools and people spend a lot of time trying to see how the tools work.Think more application exercise should be available
A few problems with IBM Developer Skills Network, specifically the Manage Data Tool and the Zeppelin Tool. Nevertheless, it was a good and interesting course
The course explanations and classes were poorly structured and took 10 times more time for me to understand the concepts. I give a low rate for this course
A lot of time, very little learnt. Two courses and only thing learnt was definition of Data Science and creating accounts. I hope this is going some where.
Too much IBM-centric, lots of problems encountered with IBM studio/cloud installation.Good point: Professors are very responsive to problems of students.
IBM Cloud is truly a mess, full of bugs and nothing works as expected which made it much more difficult to complete the course than it should have been.
Videos are super low quality. I understand that this is an IBM course, but don't really want to learn in details their Watson Studio, that nobody uses.
Course about Watson Studio is outdated. Students wasted time on project because of this. Since students are paying for the course, it is unacceptable.
This course is not structured well and not great for beginners. You are introduced to a lot of tools without much context or actual instruction.
Have wasted quite some time in searching back and forth for the updated features on Jupyter Notebook due to part of the outdated course content.
The course materials need updating. The IBM platform has changed which has made it hard to maneuver the website and follow the directions given.
low level content. a combination of a few available IBM tutorial. The didn't even bother to change the names of the old platform to the new one.
Very boring course... It was not that deep! It only takes a few hours to complete it! To be honest, I felt like it was a Kindergarten course!!!
This course was just the marketing of IBM tools. I gained nothing expect the link which was in a discussion where I learned some basic python.
Had problems with creating notebook on IBM watson studio and got no expert help. I had to figure it out on my own which took a lot of time.
Videos need to be updated, as the IBM Watson Studio has a new look and differs from he examples in the video. Very confusing to beginners.
The course does not seem to be maintained - a couple of things changed since the last update that make it hard to follow the instructions.
It was nice to get an overview of the tools, but I found the labs very simple. There didn't seem to be any important tasks to complete.
Brain Dump of Information, some videos did not sync properly and it was difficult to understand (not because of professors, but audio)
Felt like an advertisement for IBM products. Not much to learning in this course. Some videos were just plain reading text from web.
The course doesn't give interesting information and videos are not update, so I wasted a. lot of time to setup watson studio istance
Contents are nice but had a nightmare accessing Lite version of IBM Watson. Did not have option to create assignment without Watson.
Pretty boring Course. Doesnt feel I got much out of it except the knowing of the IBM Wasson platform. Hope next ones will be better!
This course is slightly more helpful than the first course, but it is still not clear to me why this needs to be a separate course.
Outdated tutorials and expects too much knowledge.  Talks about concepts like Apache Spark, RDDs, and tuples with no introduction.
Don't be fooled this is one big marketing demo.  I wish they would just pick a language and jump into cleaning and analyzing data.
The instructor seemed to be using a different (most likely the paid) version of Watson. This made it hard to follow the lessons.
Instructions are not clear and software on which tutor teach is look-alike old which caused me issues to understand what to do.
There seems to be a disconnect between almost everything. Tutorials, lectures, labs. Only a few were helpful but ultra basic.
Sites look different now and the video lectures described an older version I think. Also lectures weren't much understanding.
The course needs a revision regarding watson studio. Spend a lot of time getting it work, because video's aren't up to date.
The videos are not up to date with the latest Watson Studio.I have lost a lot of time to configure Watson Studio correctly.
Not very well structured, sometimes outdated, sometimes with questions where the answer are only given at a later stage.
Really enjoyed the course. Only complaint was that videos are slightly outdated so had to go find up to date tutorials.
Really short course, the contents are poorly covered, in one lesson the quick quiz didn't even match the video content
inaccurate walk through the toolsthere are no supervisors able to check if the peer to peer grading is correct or not
Multiple tools referenced in this course either failed to work or totally unavailable at the time I took the course.
Unfortunately a lot of this course is dated with instructions that no longer work or dead links. Quite unfortunate.
Videos and text is redundant.  Project is too easy.  Course should be complete-able within one week, not three.
Confusing sections because interfaces presented are different than the current tool.Needs to to be updated!!!
course videos are outdated. hence its tedious to follow the assignments and software by watching the videos.
Need to update videos. Not the same as current webpage layout. I love Jupyter Notebooks though!Keep it up!
The course is outdated. It was very different to work on it now compared to what is shown in the videos.
Please Update Watson videovery old links and informationthe reward link for 6 month promo does not work
this course is just an overview of 3 basic Data science tools: Jupyter-notebooks, Rstudio and Zeppelin
Week 3 has a lot of problems in creating account with IBM Watson Studio and following the videos.
Video resources are not good. Some comments for improve the course are related on week 2 forum.
Outdated lessons, basically an advertisement for IBM products that you have to pay to see.
This course is basically trying to promote IBM products without any notable skills learned
The course video material is outdated. IBM Cloud service is shitty with lots of problems.
materials are outdated. instructors are not helping and there is no way to contact them
Exercises
in week 3 did work according to course material. Update of course is needed.
The module on Watson its completely outdated, as the platform has changed quite a lot.
The course is outdated. I cannot believe that they are still not reviewing the course.
We learned of the tools, but not much about them, how they work, that sort of thing.
There was a lot of problem in signing in for watson studio for doing the assignment.
IBM Watson Studio is unnecessarily complex to set up. Even signing up is a pain.
The content used is not the latest, had problems when submitting the assignment.
Was disappointed by unclear explanation on videos and ended up discontinuing.
The course felt very unstructured and the instructions were not explanatory.
Very poor documentation, not accurate. Issues to connect to Watson Lab.
The material is quite outdated and it was difficult to follow through.
since IBM updated system to watson, video's should be updated as well.
Outdated course material. Very disappointing for a fee-based course.
The IBM Watson interface has changed so you should update the video
Too many spelling mistakes and not enough depth of understanding.
You need links and updated screens to got with IBM Watson Studio.
The coursework is interesting but the final week was a disaster.
Instructions were very hard to follow. Course needs an update
Many of the videos were hard to follow and at best outdated.
The instructions need to be updated for the final project.
Lot's of discrepancies between videos and actual interface
They are basically promoting their products in this course
The course needs to be updated to match IBM Watson Studio
IBM Watson Studio material needs to be update for sure...
A bit overwhelming with too many tools were introduced.
Very out of date. The instructions need to be updated.
need lot of improvement in explaining IBM SPSS tools.
the IBM tool is not very clear because it has changed
This course felt like one long commercial from IBM.
Too general...only take if you have zero knowledge
Outdated videos, but useful content nonetheless
I did not learn much, the content was too easy.
Video regarding IBM watson need to be updated.
More like a promotion of IBM Watson Studio.
The assignments were not difficult enough.
IBM tool didn't work affecting my grade.
week 3 is out of date and no long true.
Too many advertisements from IBM tools
A really basic and outdated intro :/
a lot of 'monkey-see monkey-do'
The course is pretty outdated
Materials are not up to date
boring and not very helpful
Poorly taught. Worst course
update the videos please...
Outdated and disorganised.
not that clear for new.
only basic information
Mainly self-promotion
too high syllabus
Outdated
While the content was informative, the tutorials are not well matched to the work required and there is zero support available, other than the discussion Forum where many others have been waiting weeks for helpful responses.  I have learned from this course to look outside Coursera for support when trying to accomplish the course objectives.  This is not what I expected.  You will see, if you search the internet, many other tutorials exist which actually provide feedback in real time..especially for working in R.  I come to this course with no prior computer programming experience which is likely the reason I have struggled and been so lost. This was promoted as a beginner course but you will see, if you go through the lessons yourself, as if you were a new learner, that suppositions have made about the learner possessing prior knowledge to succeed in this course.  If you read the discussion Forum you will see several people expressing surprise that IBM is associated with a course this poorly organized and supported. I was excited to learn about the many Open Source Tools available for Data Science, and did appreciate the exposure to Watson Studio. I plan to revisit IBM's videos on youtube to gain more experience. For the problematic disconnect between the instructions given and the assignments expected I would not recommend this course to anyone.
Videos are bit out of date so could be sometimes tricky to find the needed instructions!
If it wasn't part of a certificate requirement, i probably  would have dropped out of this particular course during Week 1...   The first couple of sections were tough to follow - there were a lot of assumptions that the students had certain knowledge.  I ended up watching a YouTube Jupyter video that gave me the simple basics of Jupyter Notebooks that were missing in this course...   It wasn't until the last Watson section that I finally started getting into the course and understanding the details...There were also tech problems... Some of the actual screens weren't close to what was in the course...Week 3 of the course was interesting, but 1 and 2 werent very helpful
The teachers were smart and funny, and I enjoyed trying out the tools (some new to me, others not). These people clearly knew their stuff and I got the impression they wanted everyone taking the course to know and use it as well. The tests and labs were really lacking though. The tests simply required looking for verbatim quotes in the material and the labs were, somehow, both confusing and hand-holding. Baffling to me.
Needs some updates to match new formats for IBM Watson Studio.  Also, this course skipped over basic code theory and functions, and tried to overcome that by just describing buttonology needed to make the programs operate.  Not even close to good enough.
The course was overall OK. Several lessons were either too advanced and required previous knowledge about the subject or the audio was terrible. Nonetheless, one learns a few things in this course. But definitely not one of the best.
Useful overview of tools. Following the tutorials was frustrating as the demonstrations did not match what is now available. Got there with a fair amount of frustration and swearing!  The assignment was fun though.
courseware is outdated, I was having issues understanding how to create project in IBM Watson, while video explains how to do it in IBM data science experience.
The course in watson studios contains videos the were too outdated and didn't really help understand how to use the platform as it is nowadays.
Some of the Watson Studio videos are confusing because they are recorded on the previous version and they don't match anymore.
The material seems out of dated and it takes a lot of effort to try to find a region that finally accepts registration.
Videos and instructions do not sync with new IBM Watson Studio.
Very technical, difficult to follow properly
The basic content was helpful, especially for a beginner. However, it is imperative that the videos be updated to match the current version of Watson. They now show a defunct DSX environment that is very different from the Watson environment being used. One of the videos that the course analytics labeled in a "helping" pop-up comment "Was the most visited and considered important by learners" was the confusing outdated one...no doubt this was the actual reason learners played it over and over trying to make sense of it, not because it was especially valuable for learning. Another suggestion: many of the videos or reading material used a lot of jargon and DS terms as if they assumed that learners already knew these terms. It would be helpful to have an online  glossary for each course with short definitions of the terms that are thrown around casually in the early videos, and sometimes defined later in the course (or maybe will be in later courses in the certificate), but that many learners are not familiar with at this point.
The actual course content was fine, but the link they used for accessing the software rarely if ever worked.  It continuously showed essential software required for the course as "coming soon".  Literally hundreds of students were reporting this problem in the discussion forums, but the only instructor feedback was "clear your cache and try again".  Which was a not only a solution that had no bearing on the server side cloud environment features, but in many instances made the situation worse.  My only feedback is to PLEASE PLEASE make sure the software environment is working, and to PLEASE take student comments that they cannot access the environment seriously and propose real solutions.  In the event that the environment is simply not usable, please suggest other methods of working through the material-  IE, how to install Jupyter and Zeppelin on our local workstations.
The course is ok but materials need to be updated to reflect latest changes to IBM tools, so that students don't waste time trying to find things while setting up and accessing tools.  Also, could help to include more info with realistic examples or a few interview blips with real data scientists on when they use one tool over another- real context.  LIke, why use Jupyter Notebooks over Zeppelin or IBM environment - the course addresses these at high level but I think perspectives from real people in the field what they're really using, and how it solves their day to day issues and workflows is a needed addition to the course to make it more immediately useful.
There's a huge area of opportunity here to improve the content of the lessons, or most likely the way it is presented to the students. If you visit forums of week 1 and 2,  you'll find a lot of discontent from the students. Even though the lessons content is good, the way it's introduced to the students is not the best. I'm only giving three stars to create awareness of this particular issue. In my personal opinion the course was ok, I understand it's just a glance of the several tools one can use for data science but if you're curious enough you can take enough advantage of the course's content. Great tools presented and a lot of self learning left to do.
The Course was good but it could have been much better if it was based on Video tutorials. It was really difficult to understand the written instrustions for me initially as in to how to perform some of the codes which we had to execute just by reading the insturctions given in the course readings. I had to refer some of the videos from youtube to understant some of the instructions, so had been the course explained through video tutorials it would have been much better to understand the module.  The module was good it was just that the study material was a bit tricky and time consuming to understand due to the absence of video explations.
I cannot give 5 stars because of the not updated materials. The IBM Watson Studio interface was completely different from the one explained in the videos and many of us had difficulties with it. Please, understand that for beginners like us, it was confusing and frustrating.But, Technical Staff are very active in the forum and try to answer all our questions. Thank you for your help. I have still a few concepts a bit unclear and I couldn't find the answers on the internet. My doubts are around the concepts: kernel, language and interpreter. Are they all synonims? What are the differences between them?Hope my feedback is useful.
The course introduced some interesting things especially Zeppelin notebooks which I wish I had encountered earlier.  There were two main negatives to the course: 1) The videos and readings for IBM Watson Studio need some serious updating - once the account was created it was very trial and error to create a notebook. 2) Some terminology may be foreign to a beginner level student.  As an example, the term "Spark" would be confusing to someone new to data science as there was little to no introduction to what it meant.
As a complete beginner, I felt at times, that the lecturer was speaking to a more experienced audience. They often referenced to the various languages, however this is not covered yet and would only sound familiar to people with previous coding experience.I had a hard time finding the access to the tools I needed, in particular to create a project in  Watson Studio.Some of the videos are of older versions of the tools, therefore it took a bit of time to navigate the new layouts of the tools.
The course wasn't that bad. The only problem was that it was quite dry. Even with the practical labs, I didn't really have THAT much fun. As for what I learned, the course is basically there to give you an idea of the different Data Science tools that are used throughout the world today, and I like that just because this course is offered by IBM, they still didn't only tell us about tools created by them, but also open source tools and even commercial tools made by other companies.
Very light overview of the tools. Does not go beyond merely showing what the tools are, very little in-depth discussion of what the tools actually do, or what the differences are between them. The entire Waston website and such has changed since this course was first prepared, and it's a bit confusing to work around. As  very light intro to the topic and tools, the course was ok, but probably not worth it for someone looking to really learn the tools and be challenged.
. For the final assignment, Instructions in videos didn't match what seen on screen and had to watch youtube videos and websites in order to complete my assignment. . some of the graded quizzes used multiple-choice questions which you had to pick from a combination of answers to get it right. This is effectively a to add more questions into one. If the quiz says 5 questions, it shouldn't be extended by adding sub-questions shown as "choices". Thanks
A bit of an overload on certain information. I could see how some people, especially those who aren't as familiar or comfortable with programming jargon, would get overwhelmed. Accessing Github and using it's commands was one of the major concerns of most students when I read the discussion boards. Perhaps some editing or reorganization in that topic is required. Other than that, I'm grateful that this course introduced me to JupyterLab.
good technical guide but lack the context. For example, there is no explanation on why i need to convert to RDD, why would i want to move the paragraph around. There is no practical references that aid the understanding of the technical steps. This needs to improve especially for someone who has very little programming background who probably only heard of SQL, Python and R at this point in time. Scala, Jupyer, Zeppelin are all new.
i did learn how to do specific things but i found that there was not enough context. i.e. when would i use Jupyter? When would i use R?  SOme concrete examples and exercises would have been helpful.  What was particularly unhelpful was the fact that the videos were out of sync with the tool so it took me ages to figure out what was wrong.  The videos need to be updated!!  i saw that i was not the only one who found this difficult.
I think it would be better if the course focused on one online platform such as Skills New Labs rather than learning about multiple notebooks with multiple programming language with multiple work benches. It is to some extent confusing for someone with no prior experience in working with python, scala, or R. Nonetheless, this course has allowed me to understand more about available options which could be beneficial for experts.
Course provide brief overview of available tools used for Data Science. For awareness good, for getting working skills on any of them, no. At the end I get confusing feeling what to use in which situations, as if they all do the same thing. Possibly I would recommended to provide awareness bout all, but give in-depth practice, additional week, for one of the tools. It could be IBM's or Apache Zeppelin as more universal.
The course is too hectic. As I am coming from Mechanical Engineeering background, the words used in this course related to data science(and related software) went above my head. There should be some videos regarding the basics of the terminology related to IT WORLD( with practical example) in this course. Watching that Juypter notebook and other tools were so challenging as they were difficult to understand for me.
I was really interested in the open source tools, but I feel like this would have been more easily retainable by taking a Python course first. Also the last week was all about marketing IBM Watson Studio as a superior DS tool but it's UX was super difficult to navigate. The video tutorials were outdated so I had to Google and eventually kept clicking until I found something as simple as opening up a new notebook.
It feels superficial, and I felt lost trying to do the assignments, as if I didn't have enough information to use the notebooks.  I did a lot of outside Googling.  If the purpose of the course was just to give a glimpse of what Data Scientists use, it did what it intended.  But the experience was difficult, because I constantly felt I was expected to be able to do things that I hadn't been given the tools to do.
IBM Watson was updated and changed the design, it became harder to understand how create a notebook and etc.IBM Watson is lagging, the code (Python 3.5) runs through time.The
 final assignment is described incompetently, as there are bindings to 
the cells. In the beginning it is said that their number is varied, and 
then they give a binding of the context to them, because of which the 
evaluation is wrong
Course gives a broad overview of tools that are available for Data Science functions. However, I think it would be better to introduce more of this along the way particularly in the following Professional Certificate courses that focus on specific parts of Data Science. Its hard to connect the dots on what Tools are available when you don't really have the foundation yet on what you would use them for.
I learned a lot in this course but much of it was a result of the helpful comments of my fellow students. Sadly much of the material, especially the videos on IBM Watson, was out of date and useless. I was happy to be able to google terms and read the helpful comments from other students and find my way through the course, but this course is inadequate on its own and in desperate need of an update!
I wouldn't say it's good introduction to open source tools for data science. It's rather IBM open tools for data science. They highly recommend you to use this cloud based IBM tools but then you will face with a lot of problems with that - Skill Network Labs notebooks is impossible to use because it will kill kernel after minute or two of idleness; it will maintenance work in critical moments, etc.
The course has a lot of good material if you are learning about Data Science with no industry background.  The hurdle to a better rating though is the outdated videos.  They make the learning experience unnecessarily confusing when you are trying to apply the lessons in real world systems that have changed so drastically.  With a few video updates, this would be a 5 star course for a beginner.
Too much information in a commercial format. I mean i get it that the course is offered by IBM, but a whole section presenting the different tools was maybe too much. The tutorials were not very informative and their pace was too fast. Also some vocabulary was casually used all along while never introduced at any point in the course so far. Really had trouble getting to the end of the course.
The videos are outdated and do not reflect the platform currently on IBM's website. I think that it would be easy to solve, but it seens that isn't the interest from IBM. I couldn't use the IBM Networks Labs because it had been offline for many days. The support is nonexitent. Nobody sees what's going on in the forum. Despite this, the course appears to be mor informative and a basic level.
Overall good but there were some dead links and ibm watson looks way different now than it does in  the lessons.It was hard to follow along because of the difference.I do understand that a data scientist is a problem solver so I took an extra 2 days to figure it out and in doing so developed some confidence in my ability.For the price I would give it a 5 but this is an honest review.
In the end of the course (the IBM DSX section)  there is a difference between what is presentated in video restructions and the real IBM cloud, it's called IBM watson studio, it went well for be but took a time (an hour) untile I've succeded to creat Jupyter notebook with the new updated clould, so I recommend you to keep updating the instruction videos according to the new updates.
In this course one can learn very useful tools, each of this with different targets, with good examples and material. But some material (mainly videos) are deprecated in some degree, turn learning in an uncomfortable experience, because lead to make some errors and many time must be invest in relate information of video with actual web tools.I hope this problem will be solved soon.
This was a solid course. I learned what the tools were for data science. Some of the vocabulary was difficult though, as the instructor's seemed to expect that terms such as 'RDD' were common knowledge to the audience and did not stop to explain them. For me, it was difficult as I felt like I had to learn an entirely new language and then learn about the tools on top of that.
1.The interface was often "frozen", don't know it's the problem of the course or coursera.2. The clips are too long-winded, explaining every single steps of creating accounts, projects, etc., which can be better done if we just explore them by ourselves. And the webs are already changed and operate differently compared to the clips, which makes the clips sort of misleading.
In really enjoying learning .However, I thing that the lectures must be updated to help to complete successfully our projects. Something valuable I learned from this course was click , delete .search make you feel comfortable  with the new tools I learned. Hopefully , in the next courses we be able to get more clarification, especially iif we are new in data science.
I feel I just got to try a bunch of tools out there but didn't have a clue how they could be used in the real world. I mean I certainly could look into those tutorials in the community but registering for a course is to save me some time browsing through random topics. I think the course can be a bit more structured and provide more meaningful practice opportunities.
This course is well organized and rich in content; yet at times, it felt like instructors were just zooming though to deliver the content and not necessarily teach. Obviously they are not professional or trained teachers, but mostly it seems, they were just reading from the script, and that makes the experience and learning more challenging. Overall, great content.
A great course to get insights about various Data Science tools at our disposal to analyze and visualize data to make effective decisions. I thank the professors to make this course interesting and worth it.  Just one thing though, some more insights about these Data Science packages would have enhanced our familarity with these packages, thus helping us immensely.
Not good. Bugs. Discrepancies between material and tools. Probably needs to be updated. I might drop this track and go to another set of courses because this course is fundamental to the other 7 in this track, and IBM tools are not widely enough used to warrant spending a lot of time learning a track that is IBM tool specific.And my latest submission is empty???
The outcomes expected from people in this course are vague. The course presents some more advanced programs within the modules and its not tole to us whether we need to understand the code or we are just supposed to run it as is without knowing what is happening inside. I mean the content is interesting but it is more advanced to beginner level.
A good course if you are interested to go beyond merely knowing what Data Science is and try yourself on the open source tools available.The instruction in the course, however, can be a bit confusing, particularly if you do not have computing background. That being said, with a little bit of extra effort, a newbie can still follow this course.
Unfortunately, I did not have the best experience with this course.  The IBM Watson Studio course content is not up to date.  I spent a lot of time trying to figure out where to find information.  Thankfully, the discussion forum helped me understand that the course content was a little outdated with regards to screenshots and nomenclature.
A few instructions need to work on their communication skills and videos from week 2 have don't have a linear information flow. Plus, week 2 the instructors tend to jump into the middle of things which leaves the student confused. All the other instructors and amazing and this course is a really good intro to many of IBM Watson tools :)
This one is basically IBM peddling its wares! But I guess if you don't already know how to use Jupyter notebooks, this can be a good place to start. I won't recommend paying exclusively for this course! But if you are taking this to get the IBM Professional certificate, then just go through it quickly with the videos at 2x speed.
The videos are not updated. I know the people in the texts say so but it was very difficult to me to follow one of them. Due to this, I realize how bad is Coursera's help and support and forum management since I had to find my way out to finish the course. This is a complaint on the platform, not on the course. The course is OK.
The instructions on IBM Watson studio aren't very good, given that the tool has changed. Spent over an hour trying to create a new Jupyter Notebook. During the storage selection, after clicking 'Add', you need to pick existing and not Create New. Then select the storage, go back and click 'Refresh' on the Notebook creation page.
About half of the lessons are useless, as the lecturer jumps into topics that never came up before and starts coding stuff, without any explanation. He seems to be a good data scientist, but lecturing people is not his thing. There are hundreds of complaints in the forum about these lessons, but nothing was updated so far.
Links and screenshots are badly in need of being updated. I had to find my owns way to sign up for IBM Watson, and it still took over 24 hrs for me to get my login verified. Then when you are finally signed up, the video tutorial isn't relevant because it's not the latest version of IBM Watson Studio being discussed.
The course was good although I felt that some elements which were difficult to grasp could have been elaborated more. Also, the videos are I assume old, so the actual site which is now IBM Watson has completely changed, so it became difficult initially to get to it. But, it got great when the actual work started.
Decent overview of the open source tools used in Watson Studio. I would have liked a more hands-on approach, but considering that this course comes after the "What is Data Science?" introductory course,  it fits the purpose of broadly understanding what Jupyter Notebooks, Zeppelin Notebooks and RStudio is.
I changed my mind. This course is not so bad. I don't rate it 4-5 because I don't like the fact that the interface in IBM Watson Studio is not the same as the current one which makes it a little bit confusing and because some of the videos have audio issues and introduce some concepts without explantion.
Instructions are not very clear at all and almost impossible to follow.  Things took a lot longer than they should have just to get to where you needed to be.  The work required was not difficult, but the lack of instructions on how to navigate and get where you needed to be was extremely frustrating.
Week 2 was not very well produced.  The IBM produced videos were very well done.  Had to do some self-service poling around to get information that should have been presented in the course work.  Each time I visit the IBM Watson studio it is a new exploration to get started on assignments/projects.
The tools are at a very very high level and covers so much on machine learning.  A beginner needs to learn about the basics of Data science before taking up a course on the tools. Otherwise it will not be of much use. It covers lots of machine learning terms which a beginner might not aware of.
Course has a lot of information which is outdated from the tools. This should be updated at least by a text file. Also note that the test tool does not work with a computer running linux which also should be informed.Else the topic was great and the course was really interesting and compelling.
The videos have no sense of continuity. There is also a section where the video lecturer who is showing us how to use jupyter notebooks is rushing through the tutorial and even gives a video lecture from his car. Not as professional as I would like or expect for something of Coursera's calibre
I got some problems with R Studio with https://labs.cognitiveclass.ai/ it stops several times so I decided to use the IDE with IBM cloud. The lesson was a little bit too much easy for me and a little bit boring maybe next time next time the course could use only tools present in IBM cloud.
Very IBM centric but I guess you get that on an IBM course.  However I was getting a few problems with some IBM sites until I upgraded my account (time outs/ errors etc) so I would suggest doing that using the free coupon - I think this issue is more prevalent in places outside the USA?
At the end of the course, what you need to remember is that "we have a very useful platform for data science that is IBM Watson Studio". However, because it is an enterprise software, its price is very high. So you should end up using something else or be restricted in its Lite version.
A little disappointed this module of the course was only really markdown and focused a lot on IBM's products rather than actual technical code. However, I understand that others taking this course are most likely very new to coding and data science, and need an introduction like this.
Course content should be updated for IBM Watson. No point in having tutorials to show you where things are when it looks different in reality. Also, I think the videos assumed learners had a baseline knowledge and just glossed over things that would have been nice to learn more about.
The content of the course is shown to be widely-known in the data science field as there are many discussions in the internet regarding this topic. However, the videos in this course are not up to date which cause many issues in practical side of the course and also the assignments.
1) The course itself is way too fluffy. It's more like a marketing brochure of the IBM services.2) And it's not even a good one as the name of the systems have changed, the way they are operating has changed, and you can not even do some of the tasks by following the course anymore.
The course was excellent to introduce the tools you have promised us. However the narrator of Zeppelyn Notebook and RIDE videos was not engaging enough. It would be more efficent and engaging if you can introduce those two tools in the same manner as you did with Jupyter notebooks.
The content and resources for learning are excellente. However, I had a lot of problems for signing in the IBM cloud and it is impossible to contact Coursera for help. At last I managed to have my account, after some hours lost, and some emails sent directly to IBM Cloud helpdesk.
the third week was very tiring. the use of Watson studio was not intuitive and the videos did not explain well what to do. I lost a lot of time creating a project because I had a different configuration than the one shown in the video. I had to enable options that were not default
The general outline of the course is very interesting. However, the content is getting old. Furthermore, there were technical issues on the IBM cloud that blocked many people (including me) to finalize the course. I spend 30% of my time trying to solve technical issues.
The course is fantastic with simple explanation and good tips. However the videos are showing an outdated IBM Watson Studio interface which makes it confusing for beginners to follow. Please do upload a new training video with the updated IBM Watson Studio interface
Lots of good information, but much of it is outdated. The names of these programs have changed. Also, the ordering of the videos seems awkward, like they don't frontload the information in the right order, so that you're filling in pieces between and after lessons.
The course videos need updating. I, and other students, have wasted a lot of time trying to follow the out of date materials, not to mention the confusion and frustration that it creates. If the materials were kept up to date, I would have left a five-star review.
First two weeks were to the point and good introductions to Jupyter Notebook and Zeppelin, but the third week tutorial on IBM Data Experience is so out of date as to be useless for being able to set up a new project and complete the assignment. Very frustrating.
The first two weeks of the course are poorly explained and don't have regard for total beginners. It gets really disappointing in week 2 where the quality of the videos and the structure of the lecturer is really poor. However, weeks 3 and 4 things get better.
It's comprehensive enough, but should include more exercises for programming. I don't think it was necessarily the right decision to make this course come before programming, but it should accompany programming. It was alright with respect to content, however.
The videos and instructions on this class were terribly outdated. Despite the warning provided at the beginning that the videos were out of date, this is still unacceptable. It takes very little time to make a video of the quality and length in these courses.
This course has a good introduction to some online, open-source tools. It does not really discuss the drawbacks of these tools or their real use in industry. The test questions are detailed "gotcha" questions and not aimed at true comprehension of material.
Lots of videos are outdated as the tools (Both CognitiveLabs/Datascientist workbench AND IBM Watson Studio) have gone major updates and it was very difficult to follow the video tutorials. Unless the videos are updated, I cannot give a better rating than 3.
I was pretty disappointed with the weeks of this course.  Not only it lacks 'on-hand' tutorials but the vagueness of video lectures, lack of instructions for beginners. A total downer for amateur beginners whose looking into the world of data science.
Some material needs to be updated. Even though it has been clarified at the beginning of the course, many things have changed and the videos and reality are different. The concept is the same of course but it causes confusion among students. Thank you
A decent enough intro to some of the tools, specifically Jupyter notebooks. Week 1 just mentions a bunch of technologies without going into much detail. Week 3 is in my opinion a waste of time as it functions mainly as an infomercial of IBM services.
Last part is not updated. The videos and notes are of the old version of IBM Watson, hence the interface of the thing is just about completely different from the one shown and taught about in the lecture. IBM should change the videos and notes ASAP.
Technical challenges given differences between what was presented and what was found for exercises. In some cases steps didn’t render student getting the required options to complete all aspects of the assignments and/or took a lot longer to finish.
Multiple creation of logins was confusing. A lot of time was spent figuring out the links. Changing the name from Data Experience to Watson Studio probably led to some of it. Hope you guys streamline the steps and videos to match with what shows up.
I feel that I could have benefit much more from coding more with Python or R. I feel that all I know is how to activate the tools, and run scripts that are already written. I would have liked more time to practice the tools, facing real questions.
The course does a good job of showing the some available free tools for data scientists. However, I still haven't the impression of having learned any data science yet, after two courses in this specialization. I hope the best is still to come.
it is good to know there is a lot of free tools out there but it is not very practical. in reality, you will most likely use one tool and excel in one language, having tons of tool in the box does not mean having the equivalent in your brain.
The course is OK, the problem is that IBM tools seem don't work every time. I had to open 3 accounts with different e-mails to get to work with Watson Data Studio. The videos explaining how it works are outdated and don't correspond anymore.
I found some of the lessons hard to follow.  The web page has been updated but the class has not.  I still enjoyed the class and learned some valuable information but it would be nice if the data being taught was current with the webpage.
The course did not present didactics at the same level as others Coursera courses. The mix of IBM tools for training in the same space as the service sales environment makes learning confusing. The exercises on the tools were very basic.
Good  introduction to multiple data science tools and their integration with one another .The instructions in many of exercises are not explicit and in some cases not complete. There is a lot of room for improvement with the exercises.
The instructor could do a better job clearly explaining the topic and/or material, showing a step-by-step 'how-to' on tasks, and testing on what he teaches. There were instances where the quiz questions were not covered by his videos.
In general the contents of the course are good, however, I thinkg that there's too much time waisted in promoting IBM products rather than actually teaching some more introductory things about all the tools mentioned in the course.
Hi,while it was good learning about the tools and platforms that exist, I was a little confused by the IBM Watson Platform that did not function that well. That was not the best experience, so I hope the creators can address that !
Good course to understand the tool set and learn basics. However, the site used in the course is now updated which made navigation very difficult. It would serve the student to update these videos and make the most of their time.
They information in the course is generally very useful as well as the tools introduced. However, some of the videos need to be updated to match the latest version of IBM Watson Studio and specific guidance should be provided.
Very informative course but the instructor should update the videos related to the IBM Watson studio there is a lot of confusion as the video which are available shows the earlier version and currently the version is changed.
It's like a huge advertisement class for IBM. I want to learn some really skills and theory, not how to sign up for a IBM account, which is so complicated, almost took me half hour to figure out how to sign up this account.
The content of this course was quite good, i enjoyed large parts of it. However, there were quite major problems with accessing different areas of IBM Watson that weren't intuitive enough and weren't signposted very well.
Not a bad course if the student is brand new to data science / computer science / programming. I felt I could have easiliy skipped this excepting that accounts needed to be set out for other course dependencies.
Although the core material is very interesting and well-explained, the fact that many of the tools needed in week 1 and 2, is making this course pretty frustrating if you don't know how to overcome this issues.
The course are good, but in China I can't get connected to IBM Watson Studio, even creating a normal account because I can't click my account [confirm] link.What a pity to give up my whole certificate for that.
I think that this course needs to be re-engineered. The videos are outdated and the videos jump right into the programming without explaining why you are typing out this code. It is not a course for beginners.
This course needs update. The current IBM environment and Tutorial examples are not matching and confusing. It also leads to crate multiple account with IBM. Otherwise good intro to the tools and environments.
A good overview of the various open source tools available. The videos, however, did not always match the material which made it confusing here and there. I am aware they are currently working on fixing this.
this course had a lot of items that I did not feel were beginner level. Most of the labs involved some coding, or language that was not discussed prior to the labs. I felt lost multiple times in this course.
Please try to make more details lecture on specific IBM data science tools and short brief for others rather than short brief for every tool. Six to seven week video lecture  will be better in my opinion.
I think the tutorial for the IBM watson studio needs to be updated. The tutorial was on data science experience (DSX) which isn't available on the website. This made this part of the course hard to follow
Course needs an update: still working with the old platform. It gets you confused when you log in and see that they now work with IBM Watson on one screen and screenshots of the old platform on the other.
The video lectures are outdated and are in dire need of updates. I found myself lost at times, as the current version of Watson does not match the version shown in the lectures. It was a bit frustrating.
videos are someway useful. But I have faced difficulty to find IBM Watson Studio. The Link that was shared in the videos are not directing to the actual watson studio link. Please  add the actual link
the course need to be updated. some of things are explained easily but as a beginner it takes lots of time for to understand things. It will be beneficial to the beginner's if the course is updated.
It is just a marketing for IBM's cloud platform. Plain and simple. However they introduce someone who NEVER seen anything in programming to start looking for available tools. Very shallow knowledge.
Sometime I feel that I am lost in those videos about R and Zeppelin. One video starts doing something like uploading a file and the next one makes the overview of the tool when it should be first.
Introductions are quite brief and assignments are not challenging. You may need to spend quite extra time to really get to know how to use there open source tools. But still a good way to start.
Very useful course, great way for anyone to familiarize themselves with open source data science tools. The videos are outdated, however, which made it difficult to do the assignments at times.
Overall, I enjoyed the course.  However, the video instructions for using IBM Watson Studio did not match the updated version, thus making it a bit difficult and frustrating to follow along.
The incoherence between the IBM tools interfaces in the videos and the real interfaces makes us lose quite a bit of time with simple tasks just as setting up an account or create a notebook.
The videos need to be updated for the actual tools being used now.  The videos do not help if i have to go digging in Q&A for how to access and perform the assignments with the new tools
The write up and videos don't always match the programs, probably just need updating. Overall a good introduction to a lot of tools, but unnecessarily complicated for absolute beginners.
The only reason I gave this only 3 stars is because the Week 3 videos did not match up to the content instruction. This made it difficult and confusing.  Not sure when it will be fixed.
A nice introduction to the open source tools. Not much programming, but a good starting point at least on Markdown usage. Hopefully the certification will get more difficult with time!
There are a lot of tools in this course, and I feel it is overwhelming for me. The way that instructors talked about  Jupyter Notebook and RStudio is so advanced for a newbie in tech.
Good to know some tools the use as a Data Scientist.But could be shorter, and should be a module in a week, not a whole course. I feel like watching an out-dated advertisement of IBM.
Very interesting to learning, but frustrating that the assignments or instructions do not match the tools. Extra time is needed to find what the instructions are trying to say or do
IBM watson studio videos are outdated. Ibm platform has been updated  and the videos do not correspond to the current version making it difficult to follow. this should be improved
The instructions no longer match the applications and a lot of time is wasted trying to figure out what to do. There are literally hundreds of forum entries complaining about this.
I enjoyed the course and think its really useful to understand the tools ahead of the core training, however the visuals and the hands-on are not in sync particularly so in Week 3
The course was okay. I learned about a few new data science tools. However, I only gave three stars because I felt like the lessons and assignments could have been more in-depth.
The content could be updated for the current IBM Watson Studio user interface.It was difficult to follow the instructor .Also SPSS Modeler tutorial there was no way to practice
The source tools demonstrated in this course have been updated and changed. The user must visit the forums to get more current information not provided by the course materials.
IBM Watson Studio was forced-fed to learners.  I was very happy happy with open tools from Cognitive Labs (Jupyter Notebooks, Apache Zeppelin) and should have stuck with these.
The overall content was fine; however, the videos were sadly out of date and it was very difficult to set up an account and create a Jupyter notebook following the directions.
Much of this was 5-star worthy, but a new video is desperately needed, as it does not match up with the current Watson environment and creates a lot of unnecessary confusion.
I felt like some of the information on tests was never covered. Same is true for some modules. Overall, learned tips though. The cheat sheet for coding is extremely helpful.
Not very organized course, a lot of stuff plugged in a module and because of that frustrating to learn. On the positive side, I like module 2 on Git and Jupyter notebooks.
I liked the course, a good overview. Unfortunately, I had such a hard time with the last task: not because of its difficulty, but technicalities using IBM Watson Studio.
The data platform's name and handling has changed, which makes it more difficult to create the accounts and follow the instructions. The instructions should be renewed.
There are some videos which are not updated and IBM Watson doesn't really work as described in scripts and videos.  Project parts completely missing for some settings.
I am ready to have more hands on experience, the overview of IBM products seems much to long.  I would rather learn about the products doing more hands on exercises.
The Watson studio training was poor and dated. The Watson interface was poorly constructed and not intuitive or user friendly. I prefer Pycharm and Rstudio to Watson
It was difficult to get Watson Studio working initially. Faced many issues. And created almost 3 different accounts to get it working. Lost 3 days of time in that.
The DSX video is very out-dated, I was pretty confused and frustrated while trying to follow the video guides. The R-studio map function was pretty cool though.
What tutorial video shows and the user interface (IBM Watson studio) look different so that it was confusing sometimes.  The tutorial videos need to be updated.
Content is good. Videos need to be updated very soon. In the middle of the course I was confused because the videos are so much different than actual websites.
Good course.Unfortunately none of the opensource tools are leveraged in the subsequent courses.All the subsequent courses will mandate you to use IBM products.
The videos are a bit outdated, especially in week 3. There is no resemblance between the current version of Watson studio and what is explained in the videos.
It was fun to learn new data science tools. The third week was sometimes frustrating because the course videos did not match with the layout of Watson Studio.
Some of the classes seem rushed, especially during Week 2. It can cause confusion and some fear to attendants. Week 3 picks up the pace again, and was great
It was a good basic overview across a range of topics. The assignments were very, very easy however; I don't think it was particularly challenging at all.
The instructions are not very clear and also the interface for IBM Waston has changed a lot but the videos have not been updated, which caused confusions.
The content was not so much helpful for someone who is learning the data science, Rather it was more like the pitch of IBM Watson, especially 3rd module.
too basic... and it's really weird that I have to submit so many times for quiz until it feels less of a learning experience but more of a bug experience
Not all learning materials are up to date. I needed to invest significant amount of time to understand how to create New Project in IBM Watson Studio!
A little too easy (only took an hour or two) and navigating IBM's Watson is confusing at times. Overall though, this course delivers what it promises.
Ok intro - just light on underlying technical details and probably requires a background into coding to really get good insight into tools and uses.
Didn't like this module cause all this Open Source tools could be mentioned in 1 short video lection and then learners should learn the specific one
It was informative.  However, it seems outdated.  The module for Rstudio is basically useless because it n longer works in data Scientist Workbench.
The content of the course is very good but until the videos are updated for IBM Studio it is very confusing trying to follow along with the videos.
Felt a little bit like a filler course. Very focused on teaching you about IBM products and services. Only got into basic coding in the last week.
Its been quite a trouble because the tutorial videos are not updated with the updated watson studio website. But the content was very satisfactory
Useful information for outdated version of IBM cloud.No response to course forum for 2 days... and counting. I cannot share a file in the Cloud??
This course is a very brief introduction to a variety of tools. The course can probably be tackled in just a couple of days if you are committed.
Week1,3,4 is interesting.Too much information for me in Week#2. I retained max 20% of the info.Materials shall be adjusted to beginner audience.
This course is too much focused in IBM cloud tools. Most of us don't want to use in this way, but is much more common to install in the desktop.
I have enjoyed the course series so far but IBM Watson Studio is honestly a disaster. I normally use Anaconda and it is a much better platform.
The course is good; just missing to solve the problem of creating Notebooks in Watson platform which is extensively documented in the forums.
over all was a good course but much of the materials were out dated which takes some time for someone to figure out to find a way around it.
Lots of videos need to be updated as the links, buttons and/or page content are quite different from the actual page student seeing today.
The description of the IBM Watson studio is not correct.The videos are outdated and it took time to map old tool to new IBM watson studio
I would have rated 5 stars although, IBM Watson Studio (Data Science Experience) was outdated and some had issues according to the forum.
The introduction to IBM Cloud Watson Studio in the courseware should be updated to reflect the layout and buttonology of the new layout.
The IBM Data Studio videos are outdated and they don't reflect what you find on IBM Data Studio's new version. Please update the videos.
A bit boring, but necessary. I think there could be more graded exercises instead of  ungraded experiments. To make it more challenging.
Overall, the course is good. Some of the videos are outdated. It made it difficult to complete the last assignment as well as the lab.
The material is chaotic, it's more tutorial and ad for three presented platforms than an independent course presenting available tools
Instruction Videos are outdated; a totally different format is used for some of the Open Source Tools then what is shown in the video.
We desperately need to update the vids to reflect the current v. of watson. This was tough to figure out without the proper tutorial.
The screen of the environment tools presented in this course should update regarding the application (Watson Data Science plataform).
its generic course knowlwdge, and face challanges to open and creare Whatson Studio projects as well to open link with my assestments
There's a part in week three where the tutorial videos don't resemble the website we're supposed to be working with in the slightest.
For a beginner class, I thought there was lots of references to terminology and names of software, etc. that weren't well explained.
Some of the content desperately needs to be updated! In particular, the section on IBM Watson Studio *really* needs to be revisited.
It was very difficult to create account on IBM watson.  Most of the critical things were self learn and there was no video for them.
I am sorry to say that I did not find this module of any use. After the new interface of IBM Watson, videos were not helpful at all.
The course need to update its material since there were a lot of complications and confusions with IBM Cloud and IBM Watson Studio.
I'd rate it 4 or 5 stars if the course was updated so that the screenshots actually matched the content displayed on the websites.
Instructions sometimes do not correspond to the application screens since they have not updated alongside the application updates.
Good Course .. but i think the material has been stretched to such long unnecessarily, had it been short it would be much better.
It was great to work with all the different tools. But it was a little bit difficult to navigate thru the weeks and assignments.
Would be better if the video content (eg tool screenshots) and intructions match the tool that we were practising on, thank you.
Skills network labs always has something missing. please update your course according to the current version of Watson website.
The tutor is extremely difficult to understand. He skips certain important aspects. Plus the course is not properly organized.
Nice overview of open source tools available on multiple providers. Lower grades because the IBM Cloud videos are out of date.
The course should have included few case studies and more examples on these tools otherwise nice exposure to open source tools
Some points are not explained in a clear way. The link provided by course is not working. I had to go to IBM website directly.
There are some outdated videos in this course. I think it would be cool if you could to update the videos about Watson Studio.
Very basic and does nothing more than mention the open source software and their features at a very shallow, and basic level.
It was an OK review of the tools but the course definitely needs updating.The material is not suited for absolute beginners.
Most of the topics are unable to follow. This course doesn't seems to be designed for beginners, It could have be better.
The Waston Studio videos are outdated.Time consuming to figure it out, esp. when your internet was not that good either..
Great if you have or will have a job at IBM, otherwise not as interesting since you come in contact with many IBM tools.
The data science experience page demonstrated in the video does not match the actual interface. It was quite confusing.
IBM Watson Studio was pretty confusing and it wasted a lot of time. please improve it. Overall satisfactory experience
Videos are not upto date so for practice session there was lot of time wasted in just navigating to the right content
Easy. You should include more exercises for each too and get students to do some small but real project on each tool.
This REALLY needs to be updated for IBM Watson studio, the tools are completely different than what are in the video
Very basic. The IBM cloud advertisements make it feel more like a product endorsement than a real course, at times.
This course shows so many tools, but at the same time, you learn nothing. It so much content, but so little depth
The course could have been better if the presenter could have been in sync with the latest versions of software.
The old videos do not preset properly the steps one needs to take to create and configure the account in Watson.
It is really focussed on IBM specific cloud tools. I would have liked at least one alternative as a praxis lab.
Please update the videos to reflect the updated IBM Watson studio's new look.Besides that, the course is solid!
Good info, but the videos are out of date. If not for actually learning, I wouldn't recommend as a paid course.
The section on IBM Watson was very poor - the desciption in course was misleading and nothing like actual tool
The course is very interesting, unfortunately the instructions and videos do not contain relevant information.
The Interface for Watson studio has change and the videos need to be updated in order to facilitate the course
A lot of the information was bulky and random with no prior step by step explanation of how to use the tools.
You should actualize de videos of the exercies.  They are old and its dificult to go in the new ibm plataform
I felt like the course rushed through the tools and assumed previous knowledge that didn't necessary existed.
Instruction and quiz are based on outdated information. And again too wordy for a bit of useful information.
It was very stressful because the IBM DS environment does not look at all like what was shown on
the videos.
The videos are not uptodate. Many of the instructions are old and not compatible while I try to follow them.
The videos related to GitHub are above the level of beginners and I did not benefit from them as expected.
Able to make it work and it will be useful but every video on how to set up IBM Watson Studio is outdated
R studio and Watson studio tutorial can be improved and the sound quality of the GitHub tutorial is bad.
The older videos makes it a bit difficult and definitely needs to be updated in line with the latest IDE
Too much theory, I missed some practice inbetween lessons and more in-depth use of the Watson platform.
The course is really good, but I found some videos overwhelming it had a lot of information to process
Some video need to be updated, because the screenshots are different from actual version of the source
The videos should be updated, because the IBM Watson studio web page is totally different form videos.
I think the course became a little difficult for non-programmers at certain points during the course.
content is fine but it is less interesting than the first one, less practical exercises than expected
My 3 star is because the instruction of IBM Watson is too old.  The UI and process is quite different
This course could've been more elaborate with the tools about the functions, a few commands and stuff
Course material needs to be updated to reflect changes on external sites used in it (Watson Studios).
The contents of this course should be updated. There are many difference that make me feel confused.
The videos needs to be updated. Its takes a long time to figure out how to work with Watson Studio.
Intro to tools are good but it's just Intro not even one small project to get hands on experience.
Too much detailed information is given for IBM Tools. Almost felt like an extensive commercial.
Some of the videos need to be updated to show the current IBM Watson Studio layout and process.
This course is quite dry and theoretical... hopefully the next courses will be more practical.
It was a good course, but some of the instructional videos were outdated and caused confusion.
Many of the videos were outdated, which made it hard to follow along while using the software.
IBM Cloud has lots of problems and course contents are not matched with the new version of IBM
Videos are yet to be updated. With some extra effort, I was still able to find my way through.
I THINK THE CONTENT NEEDS TO BE UPDATED WITH  ACCORDANCE TO THE UI CHANGES IN THE IBM WEBSITE
Please invest the time in ensuring that the videos and descriptions match what students see.
nice overview of languages and platforms for data science. I would have liked deeper details
Needs to update the Watson Studio screens, some paths don't match with the course content
It isn't well explained how to share the notebook so many collegues failed the final test
Presented a lot of unnecessary information with the sole purpose of selling IBM products.
too much commercial names and software which doesn't really add any knowledgeable value.
Some information is outdated so requires figuring out, nonetheless content is excellent.
The IBM Cloud interface did not match what was in the video. Videos need to be updated.
Some workshops are quite skeptical, thus making the learners loss their comprehension
The explanations were not beginner level. Most of the things sounded Greek and Latin.
ibm watson has to be updated. There are several updates it missing in current course.
The lectures are outdated with example .I would suggest reviewing it more frequently
The IBM materials are not up to date . It will be good if the materials are updated.
Great videos and lectures but some online resources were unavailable or not updated.
It requires to register in different tools outside the coursera to proceed further.
More Practical Use of Tools instead of their info would have been more appreciated
Videos are out of data and the navigation is different from video to new software
Videos need to be updated to reflect what is currently live in IBM Watson Studio.
Interesting course that will introduce with the existing data science platforms.
Tools seems to be outdated, videos are not aligned with the IBM's cognitive lab.
I think this course was to focus on IBM Watson studio and not on data science.
It was not as engaging as I expected, too much theory and very basic practice.
week 2 was very unstructured and difficult to follow, refer to feedback given.
Good course but some of the videos are out of date as the software has changed
IBM Watson Studio sign up video should be updated accordingly with the updates
Unable to access Zepellin notebooks and could not do the practical excercises
Wish the course was updated for Watson Studio instead of the previous version
the content is not updated. You can lose time while registering on IBM Cloud
The course is not updated according the latest version of IBM Watson studio
I believe some coding practice should also be added into the course content
Just OK. Good course instructors and good introduction to open source tools
I would like to learn more about Jupyter Notebook. Thanks for your course
Very not in depth and too fast run through these amazing tools. Too bad.
Learnt a lot of tool s that are valuable.Some vedios need to be updated.
Watson experience could have been better. seems video is a bit outdated.
Waste a lot of time in doing final sharing Notebook....What's the point?
DSX is not working as shown in video. The course was useful. Thank you
Please update the video as its content is already outdated. Thank you.
I had a very difficult time connecting to the labs networks throughout
Should have shown much details of cloud computing in IBM Watson Studio
I guess that more exercises would help who are looking for knowledge.
This course is good but, lacking a proper introduction to the tools.
IBM Waston Studio is sucks. I can't log in with the cloud account.
I like the subject , but so much of the material was out of date.
This course needs to update some of it's material. Rest is good.
It was a good course, but could be condensed and more the point.
Materials were not updated and it was confusing to follow along.
This feels poorly constructed and dated... Useful tools though!
IT IS NECESSARY TO UPDATE THE VIDEOS  ABOUT IBM WATSON STUDIO.
The amount of content is small and scratches only the surface.
There is a big gap in difficulty from course 1 to this course
Needs to be up to date as many bugs in course and practical
Videos are out of date with the new interface of IBM Cloud.
A little bit too easy, but still, maybe good for beginners.
Outdated Material. But still good introduction to notebooks
I did not like that much the focus on IBM Watson Studio :/
Please update videos base on new updated of Wastion Studio
Course should be updated to include new watson's interface
need to learn programming first!put a python course first!
Course should be updated to be used with IBM Watson Studio
Very high level. Need to have more details for a beginner.
I expected to be tough also about how to code in python
Need to update the videos with Watson Studio interface.
Need more examples! But overall the course is not bad!
The program is very light and not updated to IBM tool.
Very Basic. The assignment should be more challenging.
Informative but the practice exercises are very basic.
it should include more practice videos and guidelines
older version explain in the videos. Need to update.
The videos showed outdated versions of the software.
Very little real knowledge to get from this course.
The second week  contents were not pretty engaging.
Some Confusion in Vedio Tutorial part so ensure it
Directions are outdated with new IBM Watson Studio
It would be helpful to update the videos, please.
Only Very Basic Information on Open Source tools.
Good course but a little out of date information.
IBM cloud tool and DSX related setup is not clear
its too defrant between the course and the realy
Videos in week 3 were very difficult to follow.
Some courses explanations were not fully clear
Decent overview of open source tools available
It should have involved more practise sessions
Out of date content, no help from course staff
Have to update the video of IBM WATSON STUDIO
A very quick glance about data science tools.
A lot of errors and confusion in the project.
It seems like an ad for IBM Watson. Not fun.
Learned very few things in three weeks time.
The videos in the course have to be updated
It's way too simple, but it's good though.
The tutorial for Week3 should be updated!!
Outdated videos had to take external help
It is a lot of trouble to use IBM studio
The tutorial videos need to be updated.
Just some basic knowledge is provided.
Should contain more reading material.
The course materials are out-dated.
poor experience in using IBM Watson
superficial and need more in depth
Course content is not up to date.
Very rushed and brief explanation
tools should be more descriptive
The videos have to be updated...
most labs are on different tools
The contents need to be updated
last week tutorial was outdated
Update user interface in videos
There was breadth but no depth
The contents were not updated
UI changed from the recording
some content not very clear
Class material is outdated.
need more practical samples
Some videos went too fast.
Need update for assignment
lot of content is very old
Material has to be updated
Need to update the videos.
Please update the videos.
videos need to be updated
Videos should be updated
It was not very exciting
good, informative course
Brief and introductory.
Courser needs updates!
Introductory and easy
Outdated instructions
Too basic of a course
it has to be updated
Needs to be updated
Course is outdated.
Its a bit outdated
old information.
outdated content
It is too basic
It's too easy.
not clear it
Actually in this course the videos which are provided are of older version and now the version has changed its getting difficult because its the first time learning new tools and accessing the tools.Try and provide videos for the present version of tools.
To be able to do an IBM certified course is am amazing opportunity. The course is not difficult however the biggest problem I am having encountered is that the instructions are not very clear and the IBM Watson screens and information you see is not matching instructions. Someone in IBM needs to go through this course and check how it matches with IBM Watson menus and screenshots.The difference in menus and screens may be because IBM updated the software but no one checked and updated the course. The course say it is for anyone with no experience, I do not think that is true, when things do not work per the instructions or video it is going to be hard for a new person to figure out how to correct there steps, it took me 3 days to figure out how to do the quiz. I wish there was  human being a phone call away to speak too
This course provided a concise overview of data science tools and sufficient exposure to scenarios that show how to use them. The  Watson Studio needs to be updated to reflect the current sign up process, however. I took of one star for this reason.
Overall the course content is very informative. I've learnt a lot. But in some sessions it is a little bit difficult for learners without any coding experience to follow, especially the Github sessions in Week 2.
The tools mentioned in the video all changed the interface, hence it's hard for you to corelate the actual tools to the ones in the course.
Some times it can be a bit difficult to folllow all the stuff related with IBM watson studyo or the anline lab
The section on Watson Studio had outdated content and was hard to follow
Please update the videos, with new IBM Watson Studio interface examples.
Good course!!!
I like the approach of an overview of all the tools. However, I noticed that because some of the online platforms such as Watson Studio updates regularly, the placement of different pages and buttons are different from what's in the video. So that requires some exploration, which I think is good as it's usually part of the job when a data scientist is at work. That can, however, create some more confusion and time pressure for some students I imagine. I also found the Watson Studio docs page where there are additional learning that can be done on one's own by just studying and following the sample notebooks. I think that should be emphasized so that students who are motivated can go learn themselves. Same with the Watson youtube videos.
This was a good course overall. The videos were helpful in showing how to navigate different notebooks and had links to other sites with further info if we needed. My only negative is that they haven't properly updated the course to match IBM Watson Studio and still have the video showing the old version. I had to spend hours on my own searching through the site to figure out how to create a project in this new format. I appreciated the promo which allowed me to access more of Watson Studio, but maybe offer more explanation on how to create projects within different versions. Otherwise, a really good course on the basics.
The topic explanation is great, quizzes are good and the pace is perfect. The only issue is the IBM Watson Studio. Issues all over the place (timeout, cloud down for maintenance, issues with logging in, issues using the Watson service) and no response on forums to the more serious queries. I reported an issue, updated the query and no response for now 9 days and going. Had to pay for an extra month due to this and reset deadlines twice. Reported issue again today on the course page, to Coursera and to IBM. I could have done the audit version, got the same amount and saved money.
I would have given a full 5 star but for the for the fact that the quality  of the audio for some of the modules is poor and the instructions for the labs are outdated (Watson Studio on IBM Cloud has changed and you need to update the course with new screenshots so that the learners can have a better user experience).  The course content is just about right and it meets the objective of an Introductory course. Thank you for giving me this opportunity to provide this feedback.
A one stop destination to gain know-how of the tools at your disposal if you aspire to be a Data Scientist. The course perfectly summarises all the tools used by Data Scientists today along with their pros and cons. It even goes into some detail for JupterLab, R Studio IDE and IBM Watson.  A few videos can be made better though, sound quality makes it a bit tougher to understand what the speaker is saying. A good course overall with lots of videos and labs. Liked it!
The open source part was great; wish it had more! It feels a little vendor lockin-ny but that was to be expected. The exercises are great. I think adding a few more screenshots, a bit of proofreading, and ensuring the  OS being used by the instructor is mentioned  in the Git section will make it a little less challenging for people not familiar with either*NIX platforms. That being said, it was a GREAT introduction to the tools used for data science.
The material was very good. However, the video showed DSX which is quite different in look-and-feel from Watson Studio. It took me one week of intermittent trials to navigate the issues with creating a project, but then only an hour to finish the course project. Suggestions: tell the user to delete resources if they have a lite account; search for Watson Studio and go to that, not to the main menu. Overall, an informative course. Thank you Polong.
I could know many skills and features of two different Data Scientist platforms: Skills Network Labs (learning platform) and IBM Watson Studio (Enterprise platform known as Data Science Experience). I could also create and play with Jupyter, Zepelling and R Notebooks. My only recommendation is keeping all  videos and course material updated (current platforms versions) in another case it is quite difficult to follow properly. Thank you very much!
I'm very satisfied with the substantive material covered in the course.  I'm not giving it five stars because the presentation in week 3, specifically the instructions for setting up the notebooks in IBM Cloud were confusing.  I understand that you are transitioning the branding but it was confusing.  Students were on their own to sort out how to make it work.  Overall, though, I'm happy with the sequence and will continue on to the third course.
This course provides a good introduction to tools that can be used for data science (e.g. Jupyter notebooks, IBM Watson Studio). Packed with information and good introductory lab exercises to help students familiarise with the tools. On the other hand, I hope the parts mentioning IBM Data Science Experience are updated to mention IBM Watson Studio, because it did get a bit confusing in certain parts of the course. Aside from that, great course!
3 and a half. Tedious, kind of confusing. 1 teacher more refined and professional and organized in the lesson plan than the other and you can tell which is which. A lot of information, not always a lot of explanation. A lot of things that can go wrong and unless you wanna wait days for responses, pretty good chance you're gonna have to figure it out yourself.I learned a lot but it was harder than it needed to be.
Appropriate and concise overview on the discussed tool environments given in this course. It may be useful not to enforce unnecessary external account subscriptions in order to allow for exercises or earning grade points, e.g. either Skills Network Labs or Watson Studio. Working with the latter was a bit of  a challenge due to different appearance of the current platforms as compared with the course resources.
The course is very informative on the subject of tools available for Data Science. However, the tools have upgraded their user interfaces since the course was made, and so there are a few visual discrepancies between what you see in the lectures and tutorials and the actual tools. This might cause some confusion, but none that will prevent you from actually getting around and completing the course.
Class is a bit confusing because you're signing up for different services and using them.  In the first week or two, you use one service, then in the middle weeks use a different one, but in the final assignment, you're using a service that you signed up for in the beginning.  Still, pretty cool to get an idea of the open source tools available.  This can could be better structured.
Gives an overall high level idea on Cognitive Lab tools, Jupyter Notebooks, Zeppelin Notebooks, R-Studio IDE and IBM Watson Studio. IBM Watson section is problem prone due to product update and the same not reflecting in course contents. Also I had to wait for peer review since I could not find other candidates who have completed the course with me...Recommended for beginner level
Overall, this is a good course for the intro to data science series. It exposes us to many useful data science tools. However, I think since this course covers a lot of different tools, some questions in the quizzes seem too overwhelming. I suppose students usually forget what they learned because the questions are not actually helping them understand a practical problem further.
I enjoyed doing this course , i get to know about basics  of various open source data science tools and had a great learning experience by hands-on-experience simultaneously. But there are certain topics which are not very clearly described especially for someone who is new to data science field so i do suggest more elaborated content inclusion that will be really appreciated.
Overall, it is good. The final assignment managed to consolidate everything that we have learned. However, I think the R-Studio material definitely need a lot of improvement. I barely kept my eyes open, the instructor speaks in a non-engaging way, maybe, it becomes very 'dry' because the student cannot clearly sees what he refers to (the screen so small with white pointer)
Slightly IBM oriented. Mainly focuses on Jupyter Notebook and Watson Studio on the IBM cloud platform. These two tools are extensively used throughout the courses in the specialization. Since this talks about "open source tools", I was quickly able to find the source code of Jupyter Notebook. However,  I was not able to find the source code for Watson Studio.
Course was great., good content! However I was incorrectly graded in the final assignment hence weighing down my aggregate score. Though it didn't affect my much, it might have affected someone who had correctly answered but was wrongly marked by the grader whose understanding was not clear themselves.Please have a look at the peer-graded evaluation system.
Good as one can expect from Coursera.However, one comment: the tutorials are based on an old version of IBM Cloud: version 2 if I remember well, when now it is version 3.6.  So the pages are slightly different, and it makes it sometimes confusing to understand where to navigate for a student who was a beginner - which was the course's targeted audience.
at first i found it hard to relate to real life examples and the applications of the tools then after the peer garded assignment and working on the exercise following the steps that were so clearly explained and reading and understanding the Markdown Cheat Sheet, things got clearer and more interesting.Looking forward to learning more about the subject
Very informative yet easy to follow. One minor gripe I had with the course is that the tutorials for IBM Watson Studio (in week 3) were outdated, and the menus shown in the tutorial videos were absent on the actual Watson Studio website. As a result, it took some additional figuring out to perform some actions that were being explained in the video.
Well, very good course. The problem not to give 5 stars is that you show a lot of tools and no comment exercises to develop our skills. The videos are great, and the last project also's great, but only show the tools is not a great thing for the future Data scientist. So, next time, put some activities or commented examples, like the last project.
It starts from very basics so that very easy to understand and apply. However, education materials in videos are not updated so it makes difficult to find out where to an account create a notebook. For promo code, screens are totally different. I cannot find where to apply for it on the current version of IBM DSX. Hope, It will be updated asap.
It was great learning in this course.This course was introduction to tools being used by data scientist.From various discussion threads and my experience in this course, I observed that coursera should update the videos specially for Data science experience.Bcoz lots of students are facing issues on low level works like creating notebooks...
I found several concept very unclear in this course, for e.g. asking us to see a sample notebook,article from IBM community and follow it from start to end. As a beginner to coding and data science this wasn't very helpful as I couldn't understand the concepts. A beginner level tutorial or code present for that would have been very helpful.
This a great introduction to the three major open source use for Data Science. Don't expect too much. The individual tools discussed here is more of the high level usage and background of it and  has some basic coding exercises. If you are looking for a more detailed course for one of the specific tool, you should find and invest for that.
Only issue we ran into is that there have been some URL and naming updates that aren't reflected in the training yet. Such as DSX is now call Watson Studio. The data science work bench also does not include Rstudio at the time of me writing this. I believe they are in the process of an update that is why the link to RStudio did not work.
The course is structured well to get introduced to various open source tools. A minor issue is that markdown cell commands(such as Tables) for Jupyter notebooks as explained in introductory lessons does not generate results as expected. This leads to confusion, as  a learner I am not sure if have followed steps correctly or its errata.
This is course is for the beginners to the data science and have no idea of online open source notebooks like jupyter  notebooks etc It's a good course and introduces all the  data science open source tools u would need to build a real time model.Don't miss any part ,go through every part.It was fun learning !happy learning :)
Had difficulty with creating account on IBM Watson studio and getting the lab to work correctly. Instructors were responding to newly created questions and not to responses. I had to figure it out myself to finish the course and I am sure lot of other students are struggling as well. Please improve to make this course get 5 *.
The course was really great although some parts are outdated and it's somehow confusing to learn from a video that doesn't match the tool. I also had trouble working with one of the activities because the material isn't working. Nevertheless, I still enjoyed the course and learned a lot from it so overall I'm still satisfied.
The course is good to learn free tools for using Python, R, Scala.  There is one confusing thing in this course: it describes an earlier version of IBM Watson Studio and the changes between versions are significant. So you'll spend some extra time simply to register yourself and get to your tool.The rest is fine!:)
It was lots of new information that I think it was too much for someone who is a Data Science dummy. Also, the examples doesn't describe what is the point of the evaluation, only said put this code, put that code and see the results. I like to know a little bit about the set of the data and what is the target.
Thanks for this class, I learn a lot about "Skills Network Labs" and " IBM Data Science Experience". However, the version of tools and website page used in this video should be updated cause there are many differences from the real website and the website showed in video. This might make people confused.
Nice course with a gentle introduction to the tools used in data science. The videos need to be upgraded since the IBM tools introduced during the course have been upgraded. It took a while to figure out how to complete the last assignment because of this mismatch between the video and the IBM tool.
I learned a lot in this course and it was definitely worthwhile overall. A heads-up though: the explanation videos for using GitHub are not good. It is better to research how to do that on your own. And once again the quizzes are a bit of a waste of time and the course would be better without them.
The content is very good, a lot of ground is covered in a short space of time.  However, a few technical issues prevent 5 stars.  The audio quality in some of the videos is awful, as if they were recorded underwater. Also, some of the video notations are missing completely or have no punctuation.
Course is well structured and give a easier way to understand it. The reason why I don't give it a 5 star is that, the content in video is not up to date (like IBM' Cloud). Its platform has changed name to Watson Platform and UI has some differences from video. Hope it can be fixed in the future.
Comprehensive but student-friendly introduction to common and popular open source tools for DS. Although tools are the most popular ones, the course relies too much on the IBM platforms, which kind of bind the students to the IBM products. Lectures in the first two weeks are a little bit dry.
Great course for getting knowledge of available open source tools for data science. Only thing is, it is sometimes hard to follow the videos since the IBM Watson Studio is updated since the course videos have been recorded. There can be update information after the videos for clarification.
I think this course should be forward. Now that I'm doing the 3rd one (DS Methodology), it is more useful to understand what data science means and the process that involves. It gives you the big picture while the Open Source Tools course it more specific and more technical, in my opinion.
Nice to give a headstart before furter exploring but some tools are never used throughout the course. For example apache spark. Besides if you are including the introduction here I think there is no need to put extra readings about how to obtain an IBM Watson account over and over again.
IBM Studio's layout has changed and the videos in Week 3 explain using the previous layout. This led to much confusion in the peer graded assignment. It would really help future participants of the course if the videos in Week 3 can be re-shot using the updated IBM studio site. Thanks!
i think it is better to have assignments which could give insight of using the technology. current assignments are barely touching the surface. Secondly, moving from AI experience to Watson studio has some visual options different which created an issue in finding some of the options.
I enjoyed the course and overall it satisfied my expectations.  There were confusing instructions that were duplicated and sometimes not clear which disrupted how the learner should scaffold their knowledge.  Otherwise, the content covered sufficed to fulfill the learning objectives.
It's a good introductory course, but the content needs to be updated esp. setting up IBM Watson Studio, though it is not so much of problem, you just need to explore a bit and you'll get it done in no time. I think that's the essence of online e-learning platforms, explore and learn!
While this course is a very good introduction and generates and overview for the tools i would like to have some more fundamental information about for example what is spark and where is used (examples of real life scenarios etc etc.)Maybe it will be covered in the next courses.
I fully satisfied this course, but I had a problem with IBM Cloud which closed me an access to my project, because I had to stop each session and, as it turned out, it was explained at the IBM website (not at the course instructions). In this case, I had to miss a whole week.
There need to be more standardization with naming via IBM Watson (Data Science Experience vs Watson Studio...videos should reflect the current version). It is also unclear how after finishing the labs, whether or not the completion is then noted within the course itself.
There is not a lot of time spent discussing the why for these tools, just an introduction and some code we could copy and paste.  As this is a new language for many I would like to know more about most utilized tools and an intro to what codes etc are most foundational.
Since there was no one to one interaction for major part with any instructor, it got little dizzy to understand the working of the tools but however, I completed the course and learned to use these tools, as it comes out, practice is the key.Thanks Coursera for that.
Good course, but some of the videos need to be updated as they don't follow the current layout of IBM Watson. The one upside to that is it makes the student have to hunt for the links and having to do that makes the student retain the locations of links and options.
IBM Watson studio has been updated and the tutorials are not helpful enough to get started. It took me an hour to figure out how to use notebooks in Watson studio. It would be more helpful, if tutorials are also updated according  to the updated IBM Watson studio.
A good overview of popular data science tools. In a couple of the videos, I would have liked there to be more original content, rather than just reading the text off of the websites. Still, the course gave me a quick idea of what is out there. Still lots to learn.
A lot of the information and navigation was outdated. IBM Watson Studio does not really return errors, so in case what you see deviates from the course material and you can't progress, there's no help specifically on Coursera. Otherwise the course is quite good.
The Zeppelin Notebook part was not impressive, could be cause of the instructor or either the notebook is built so. I have to practice Zeppelin a lot again to get a good feeling about it or even better, completely ditch Zeppelin for Jupyter or IBM Watson Studio
It was a good course. Great understanding received on Jupyter Notebooks. However please update your videos and learning material some of it is still outdated and confusing. Also RStudio IDE can be taught a lot better. I am still not very well oriented to that.
This course is pretty good but there are a lot of stuff that is not releveant anymore/outdated. For example Data Science Experience doesnt exist anymore and it was quite challenging to follow the videos when you dont have the same interface as shown in video.
I really liked being able to play around with some of the tools, but please, please update the names so that the videos/tools/assignments are unified. It became very confusing trying to figure out what they were talking about because the tools changed names.
It has a lot of information which is great but hard to mentally process, mostly for newbies on the tools like me. Some instructions for the Labs are outdated or incomplete. There were a couple of videos that didn't have a transcript which are very useful.
This course required a basic level of coding which I wasn't expecting, but was informative. Some of the videos are a bit outdated with instructions that don't match the current workflows of IBM Watson. That's the only reason I'm not giving it five stars.
There is a lot of good information here.  A great course explaining the basics of some tools that will be very useful in the future.  The only negative is that some of the videos were outdated and showed demonstrations on older versions of websites.
Hello Everybody,  This course is great, i learned some tool that i have never even listen obout them. But there are some videos outdated and it can make the expirience a little bit confuse. But with a little patience its possible to got through it!
The "Week 3" module appeared to not have been updated and caused some confusion and issues with the final project. The discussion boards made it more confusing too. Good and clear information in the first two weeks which is why it got 4 stars.
This is a good introductory course, perhaps a bit too easy if you're already familiar with other programming and notebook tools. I nonetheless learned a lot and feel like it contributed to expanding my skillset and knowledge in data science.
Content is great, but it is not updated to match latest updates in IBM website, it needs to be updated to save students some time searching for workarounds on how to apply things mentioned in this course in the new layout of the IBM website.
Advanced course.  Some topics were hard to comprehend.  Enjoyed the deep dive into near 100 tools data scientists use.  It was tough to understand 2 of the teachers in their videos, but I can understand english is not their native language.
The course needs to be updated with instructions on how to use the current IBM Watson Studio , it took a lot to navigate around the tool and figure how things work. Besides the outdated lecture materials, this was an insightful course.
Few of the videos and reading material do not give the complete information of what all are the pre-requisites. For some one who is not from programming domain will not know about such pre-requisites. Otherwise well developed courses.
I felt the Jupyter notebook and Markdown portion was more highlighted than the others. Could have been made much more better, but I am grateful for even the little that I learnt. I would sincerely like to thank the course instructors.
This course is very beneficial for beginners. As the instructor teach you how to use Data science tool such as Jupyter Notebook, Zeepline Notebook, R Studio etc.One thing i fill that the teaching sense is not that good for beginners.
An informative course, which shows some of the basics for Python, R Studio and more.BUT, the week 3 videos are a disaster, as the change to Watson Studio has not be reflected in the current videos, generating lots of frustration.
Nice and good course. The only thing taht could be better is the alignment of the video's of Data Experience of IBM with the current IBM Watson environment. There are some major differences. But nevertheless very good training.
Some parts of this course could be better organized to help learners. For example, the GitHub exercise in terminal should have previous concepts about using terminal in Linux, like how to create a directory or how to navigate.
I found it to be a bit confusing when the course materials for older versions of the tools were used to teach the current versions of the tools. There were differences beyond just the name (Data Science Experience vs Watson).
Useful course to learn the basics, but some upgrade would be great. Some videos are old and the user interface of the platforms has changed. That makes following the videos complicated and the learning process less enjoying.
As I am used to emacs as my go-to software for programming, given it's intense extensibility, I will keep using it instead of the other tools. In any way, it was great to know more tools oriented torwards group programming.
I think the course was good overall giving the gist of various popular open source platforms available for Data Science. The only thing which disappointed me was that the course was not updated from a long period of time.
The course was amazing, I was more than happy to find out that there are easy ways to perform the tasks of data science in environments that are ready and perfect and I'll definitely use them.Thanks a loT Coursera and IBM
Amazing experience with this course  learn new tools like IPYTHON, Ibm watson , all these tools are very well explained by tutor.But the think i dont liked is this is python course so why you add Rstudio in this course.
Good course, but the videos should be updated, for example, it shows IBM Data Science Experience when the name changed to IBM Watson Studio. Some links changed position in the screen and I lost time trying to find them.
Every thing is excellent just some videos are outdated like in week 2 there is skill lab in which there is no RStudio in march 2020 but videos shows to complete Rstudio practical. except this this is very good course.
The course is nicely packed. The point i would like to highlight is the 'other Tools part'. The concepts are ok but for a newbie it is not that upto the mark. like the SPSS , it will take time for a newbie to digest.
For getting started to know tools which a Data Scientist uses ,this course is a must, gives a great start since the assignment involves working Jupyter Notebooks, R Studio , Zeppelin Notebooks and IBM Watson Studio.
This course introduces all the tools available in the IBM Watson studio. A brief introduction to every tool is provided and there is a Hands-on exercise for each tool. Overall, a good course for absolute beginners.
Videos prepared to explain IBM Watson tool should be updated. They show IBM Data Science Experience (former ediiton of IBM Watson) and because the interface is not looking the same, tracking the steps is difficult.
So, it wasn't perfect BUT it still was very rewarding in terms of the educational value.  Learning to use these data tools will take practice and hands on learning.  The course was well paced and totally enjoyable!
It's a good course. But course videos are outdated. IBM Watson does not operate in the same way as it used to in these videos. And the videos should be updated. As it takes a lot of digging around to figure it out.
I found the course to be informative and covering a variety of tools. However it was constructed in a superfluous manner. I wish the material had more examples and was constructed in a little more detailed manner.
I thought the class was good and well organized. Polong Lin was very good. The only downside is that the video was dated when it came to IBM Watson studio. That was a bit confusing. But manageable. Thanks again.
This course was really helpful. It gives you insight for the data tools used now days. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because the video is not updated as per the creation of project in IBM Watson.
Very educational course. However, the interface on the videos are quite different from that of cognitive labs or IBM Watson. This made site navigation very difficult.All in all, it was a good one. Learnt a lot.
Need to update guideline for IBM Watson Studio. I spend lot of time myself to figure out how to use the latest IBM Cloud. However, it is quite an amazing course to have R, Python & Scala in an environment.
I learned a lot from this course. It forced me way out my comfort zone. However, some of the videos need to be updated. Some of the videos had Data Science Experience interface rather than Watson Studio.
This is a good course, but need some update. The transition from week 1 to week 2 is a bit confusing and there are mentions to old names no longer in use. Overall, I really liked and learn a lot. Thanks!
+: Important content providing insight into the instruments of a data scientist.-: Very superficial introductory course. A student who completed this course cannot yet master any of the tools introduced.
This is a very good course. But some videos are not updated. As the IBM Data Science Experience has updated to IBM Watson so the video should also updated. It takes a lot of time for me in the IBM Watson
I've subtracted one star since the videos, especially in week 3, were not in synch with the online tools (IBM Watson Studio). Otherwise, this was a good class for intro to open source data science tools.
Tools are fantastic and will make a significant contribution to my education.  Videos need to be updated for changes to Watson Studios.   Support from IBM on their cloud services should also be improved.
Great course, would have got 5* if the videos were based on the new platform, as it was tricky in some areas to relate back to the newer version after looking at the old interface in the video demos. :)
The course video contents and the tools versions are  not the same.There are some significant differences .Videos  should be updated.In general the course is a good fundamental course about the tools.
Gives you a good idea and overview about different tools but can be overwhelming because of the amount of new information and some videos are not up to date. Week 3 especially had some weak videos.
It would be nice if you could update the material since some tools have changed either name or the way they look compared to the videos/images. Very good material though, I enjoyed the course much.
A good presentation and initiation to the tools for data science. A little hiccup on the fact that the course should be up to date with Watson Studio that hasn't exactly the same interface. Great !
Good content, excellent delivery. Week1 had too much of information at once. I was left with little motivation after week-1. All the other weeks were good. Exercises were engaging and very useful.
There was a problem with the connection to R lab, never fixed.  Also, some tutorials are outdated. These are the negative parts and why I give four stars. Other than that I like the course so far.
Excellent introduction to a variety of open source tools available and commonly used by Data Science Professionals. Some of the video material is slightly outdated due to updates to the platform.
Good introductory course to the tools. Hands-on labs are fascinating. Sometimes I got a little lost with too much terminology, but at the end of the lessons the most important points were clear.
It's a good introductory course to know all the open-source tools available for data science. However, it will not teach you how to code for these tools apart from introducing a few basic lines.
Everything was good, except the stuff with Zeppelin notebooks. That was just confusing and it felt like there were large chunks of explanations missing for people with no programming background
Great beginning course to get more comfortable with the open source tools. Some of the materials are a little out of date though, so you have to just click around to find the intended buttons.
This course introduced me to some great virtual environments to train my skills in data science.  I'm now more familiar with these tools and ready to use them in more advanced applications.
Overall good introductory course into the main tools data scientist use. Some videos should be more explanatory and not assume the viewer has programming experience or is a Data Scientist.
This is a fast paced course. Where all open source tools required for data science are introduced.The learner has to take up self  initiative to gain deeper knowledge regarding this tools.
overall, the course is great, but since the IBM environment changed, videos do not correspond to exercises. It would be good to add reading materials clarifying differences in more detail.
Good course for first steps of understending techniques of working with programs. But educational material is outdated. Most of the videos related to previouse version of learned systems.
Detailed Introduction to Tools used for different Data Science tasks, how to manage different tools and how they work with each other, giving new Data Scientists endless possibilities
Great content. Week 1 github labs were pretty poorly organized, and could use improvement. The rest of the course (Jupyter and R Studio) was great. Thanks so much to the instructors!
Good material and pace, good selection of tools. Some of the video material was outdated (IBM Watson software now looks different and has slightly different steps for signing up).
There exist a need to update Watson Lab video to be in-line with the actual page access through web. It took me awhile to figure out how to register and create a jupyter notebook
Some of the teaching videos are outdated. I guess if I couldn't problem solve around that then I probably wouldn't be a great fit for this course. Otherwise, I would give it 5/5
I would give 5 stars if the material would have been updated and would present screenshots of IBM Watson Studio instead of the previous version which has a different interface.
It's very complete, give you a nice notion of the tools for data science. The problem is that the video is not updated to the websites so it gets a little confusing sometimes.
A lot of the questions during the 'final check' are based on the content of the video and not on the general knowledge has about the topics that are described in the video.
It did seem like some of the videos needed to be updated. There was some struggle to follow along with, but with a little exploring I was able to find everything I needed.
This course was straight forward.  The correction to the course, would be based on its latency.  It really needs an update to the content connections to IBM watson studio.
I think it was a good introduction, although some content seem slightly out of place. It might be better to introduce the IBM tools at a later part of this certification.
In general, the content is relevant, but some videos have audio problems and some topics (Git for example), are not well explained for someone who is new to the subject.
Great tools and delivery, it's a shame one section of this course seemed outdated in reference to the materials it was pointing to (when I took it).  which made catching
This awesome course helps me to discover many data science tools. Its content fits for all attendants, including fans of open source tools, to employees of enterprises
Course Is Fantastic for beginners .But those who are expert in any one tool like jupyter notebook or any other its little confusing but course try to deliver its best
This is a very good introductory level course to know about various open source tools for data science.  It gives idea about R, Python, Jupyter Notebook, Zeppelin etc
This part of the course is interesting and I did learn how to use some new tools, but for most of it, it was almost a sales pitch. Saying that, I do love IBM Watson.
Overall is good, but in the last module which require student to participate in IBM watson studio have a lot of problem such as notebook creation on watson platform
I particularly liked the chance to practice with the online tools. The only caveat was that I missed some of the unstructured "work with your own data" exploration.
Course content needs to be updated in case of IBM Watson, there's so much buzz about it. Video tutorials are absolutely inconsistent with the actual UI of the tool.
Week three videos need to be updated, Enjoying the content, but the use of the old videos made the last lesson or two harder to follow than was strictly necessary.
An interesting introduction. Some materials are slightly out of date, so know you might have to dig around  in the IBM webGUI, but very well laid out none-the-less
It gives an awesom idea of what kind of tools can a Junior Data Scientist use, in order to learn about it. Nevertheless, some of the chapters are a few repetitive.
It would be helpful to have some extra videos explaining to explain more in detail functions in each of the programs. Apart from that, the content is quite good!
Great intro course for the open source tools. However, would be better if there's an optional readings/tutorials for installing some of the tools directly on PC.
Some of the options in the videos are no longer available as explained in the DSX Platform, but after looking for them a little I was able to complete the tasks.
I didn't like because it was based upon previous version of the website. I think it would have been better if the course was up-to-date with the website version.
I enjoyed the start, I docked one start because i would have liked to have seen more even though i knows it is a building process my hunger for more made do it!
A great overview of the key open source tools out there - I've used RStudio and Jupyterlab in the past so was expecting these, Zeppelin was a pleasant surprise.
It's a good course to know more about commons tools that might aid Data Scientists. However, it needs an update on the names and interfaces shown on the videos.
The course and content were good. I did find quite a few typos in the content and some of the videos were so outdated that it was challenging to follow along.
This course need to update the Week3 tutorial as DSX has been replaced by IBM Watson. The example and tutorial are different from the actual lab by IBM Watson
Easy to understand and enables you to keep learning about this tools. They have to update some of the videos, because some names and some interfaces changed.
Its very good to know about the industry tools in the data scientist field where we use multiple languages using in one studio to integrate the programming .
Actually videos about IBM Watson Studio just describes the former edition instead of present one, so it can be really confused to practice as in the videos.
Course material didn't update for IBM Watson Studio, makes learner spent super huge time to check the difference between material tutorial and real website.
overall very informative, loved it. just a suggestion, please renew the IBM watson videos because they are quite old and different from new interface there
Some online tools provided for course where not working properly, many times they failed to open and Rstudio in IBM Watson Studio failed to install library
A great way to learn Jupyter Notebook fundamentals if you are new to it! IBM Watson suite is bit rushed but I believe that's the way it is supposed to be.
After completing the course, I got an idea on the tools that are used in Data science and also the hands-on learning helped a lot in improving the skills
Good review--I enjoyed coming up to speed quickly withe IDE for Jupyter notebook using Python. So much easier to debug code based on the "cell-structure"
The steps the video has you walk through and the actual platform are slightly different which can be confusing. Overall, great introduction to the tools.
Good hands on experience using jupyter notebook and open source tools! But the videos needs to be updated according to the new IBM watson studioplatform!
A Discussion on Data Science Tools that IBM provide for Free(need to upgrade for more Resources); Which are very much sufficent to complete this course.
This course offers a very good introduction to all the tools used by data scientists, along with explanations of the various features available therein.
The course kept me motivated to go on with my pursuit of becoming a data scientist. Still learning and waiting to see what other courses have to offer.
The course is a basic introduction to a few data scientists tools, but not for practice. I Would like some project that could be written on the resume.
Course syllabus is good and covers almost everything as mentioned. But the software tools are upgraded and that need to be updated in Instruction sets.
It's good course. Really helped to understand overall data science tool available . Hands on experience helped me to get a  feel of how the tool works.
Interesting overview with easy to understand practical examples on the one hand but also too many shallow descriptions of existing data science tools.
A good overview but the videos need to be updated to reflect the way the platforms look right now as they've been updated since the course was create.
Text information in videos about RStudio wasn't always in correspondence with thing were done on screen, and in my opinion it can be improved overall.
It was overall a good course but it felt a bit outdated. I think it can be improved by including modern tools and not focusing so much on IBM Watson.
Good starting point into what Notebooks are, and what you can do with them. I only wish the assignments went more in depth into the tools and coding.
Good overview of tools that are used. Still basic information but starting to become more technical if you are apart of the IBM Data Science course.
Overall course was very short  but it was good to know the basic knowledge of tools integrated with IBM Watson such as Notebook, RStudio, Spark.etc
The course material is not up-to-date as IBM Watson Studio is updated, therefore, all the steps are not valid anymore.  It is very hard to follow.
This course is good but the tutorials for starting project in IBM Watson is outdated. Please upload latest tutorial as creating lots of confusion.
Some instructions on setting up an IBM Watson were outdated; getting started info versus what was displayed on the interface did not always align.
The IBM Data Science Experience videos need updating since its now IBM Watson. The interface is a bit different and I had to Google how to use it.
The Week 3 Watson Studio has video for the previous version - 'Data Science Experience'. I had difficuly in navigating through the Watson Studio.
Do we really need to know both Watson studio and Skills network lab?Maybe it would be best to focus on one platform and explore it more in detail
IBM Watson has had many changes. The videos in this course when tackling this project does not match with the current IBM @Watson studio setting.
I love the source but I hope in the future it wil get more in dept. For a compleet novis like me it's not always as obvious as they make it seem.
I wish there were more labs and more elaboration as to how to connect these tools to daily activities or useful things to broaden understanding.
Covered lots of ground. As someone without a CS background it was great to learn more about the tools and terms that are common in this field.
The course's contents are not updated to the changes of tools. I got some bad experience in this course and I had to deal with them by myself.
The course is good but it would be great if the nomenclature of the cloud-based applications would match the current version of the toolkit!
Good introductory course but gives a very brief introduction about the tools. You don't really gain much skills after completing the course.
the videos are a bit outdated, can be confusing! but the course gives a good overview of the tools & enables to get familiar, good exercise
Video lecture is something different with current IBM Watson Studio.Please update contents with recent version of tools and configurations.
Great introduction to popular open source tools for data science. A great way to get started on the journey of becoming a data scientist.\
Seemed more like marketing the IBM Watson studio rather than listing and explaining open source tools, but it is indeed a good product !
just please update the videos as per the former Data Science Experience to avoid confusion for us noobies. The rest, just great! Thanks!
Screens for Data Science Experience (DSX) did not match well with what showed up on Watson Studio. Help from discussion forums worked !
In my opinion, even for beginners could go deeper in this section. And the material for the IBM Watson Studio could be updated in time.
Nice intro to open source data tools needed to be modified for new IBM cloud interface. I faced some problem finding it out on my own.
Informative. With all the technology available today it became abundantly clear - there is a great opportunity for viewing data today.
It is a great course, sometimes I found myself lost when I don't realize the rule of what I learn to the data science world in general
Sometimes was complicated to follow the instructions and they were not matching each other in the course and IBM Cloud, but anyway...
This course is very well balanced helps us to used Skills Network lab and IBM Watson studio and help us to learn various notebooks.
This should be a great first introduction to someone that doesn't know where to code and is the first time using one of this tools.
Didn't give 5 just because there are some difficulties to login to your Watson account page sometimes. Otherwise it's really great.
Course was good, but teaching materials reference older version of Watson Studio, discrepancy between versions is a bit confusing.
Some sections are more dedicated to IBM tools rather than comparing the tools available in market and taking about the best ones.
This course teaches you to use many open source tools that too without having to download and setup any software on your machine.
Videos are outdated, so it is difficult to navigate IBM's website. The overall material is pretty good for a simple introduction.
This course gave a good introduction to open source tools which are currently being used in the market for data science purposes.
I appreciate IBM created this class. But the IBM Watson part is really boring....whole week spent on IBM product is too much....
The content is practical and instructive. Update the content of IBM Watson section with the latest version would be more useful.
It was a little confussing that the coursera material did not match the IBM cloud exactly - The could seem to be in development.
Great overview of the open source tools available to practice Data Science with as well as an overview of an Enterprise Version.
Some of the material (i.e. exercise instructions on tools) are slightly outdated but the course itself is a great introduction.
Even thought the course content is interesting, videos provided are not updated, making the learning experience a bit confusing
A little outdated in some parts, but in general a good introduction to Jupyter Notebooks, Apache Zeppelin Notebooks and RStudio
I felt this course could be designed a little bit better.The Github and the IBM tools modules were pretty vague and confusing.
excellent training to familiarize with Data Analytics open source program tools and workbooks capabilities and functionalities
Great overview of the tools, would have had more hello-world-type assignments for all of the new software packages introduced.
Interesting, yet not perfect course. A lot of the video contents need to be updated, as well as the hyperlinks of the lessons.
Very useful to get an insight into the data science tool, however, practice is required to be done by those who do the course.
It was quite informative and has helped my pick up new skills like creating basic Jupyter notebooks using Python programming.
A broad a detailed description and introduction to the open source tool available, with a good basic guide on how to use them
Excellent, but the Watson studio video's need to be upgraded for the new user interface.  Otherwise it would have been a five
I thin a few more exercises could be added to the course in order to make the course takers a bit more fluent with the tools
There were a couple of instances where the review question in the video asked about something, before the video covered it.
The tools that this course introduces, are helpful and I will use them. But I think some of the explanations are too basic.
I feel the videos could be updated with the Watson studio instead of data science EX ,simply causing unnecessary confusion
The instructions regarding how to access Watson Studio were not correct (outdated), so I had to figure this out by myself.
Great course, however there are a lot of people including myself who got a bit confused with the final project submission.
Although the represented content was well formed, I think introductions to each technology and section was so rudimentary.
Nicely designed course, lot of inputs, Spoken English of some of the narrators was difficult to understand during videos.
some of the options on Watson data Experience work a bit different than they do in the videos but otherwise good content.
This course provides a wide and variety of information about popular data science tools, especially which came from IBM.
I think the video of the Zeppelin Tutorial is not clear at all, especially for those like me who don't know programming.
The content was interesting, I was hoping for a little more coding and maybe less Watson, even if it is very interesting
pretty good experience , the IBM site changed their look. Was a little confusing to create notebooks but finally got it
The course is quite informative especially for those who are looking for cloud alternatives to do data science project.
Overall, a good and useful course! Some things were a bit confusing, as if the course forgot about the previous videos
Learned the basics, easier to use, some sections need updating especially Watson studio, overall learned decent amount
Good overview of the tools. But this might be a bit confusing to someone completely new to the tech/data/coding world
Some of the captures used in this course are not the same that applications show you, but it is not too much problem.
Video content is a bit outdated so kindly update it or at least attach reading with it to let the students understand
I like open source tools but the IBM watson studio, being an enterprise tool, does not very much fit into the course.
Unfortunately some of the videos are very old the videos are not paired with the reality found in Watson Studio.  :(
Course was good at introducing software, however, the videos introduce an older version which can make it confusing.
i would give it a 5 but the videos are outdated and do not show the tools for eg Watson in its current updated state
The material is good, but needs to be updated to reflect the changes in the IBM engine used for the lab environment.
The videos are less friendly than the first course, but they are condensed, explicit and quick to put hands to work!
This is a brief introduction, so there is not much detail, however it does provide an awareness of available tools.
course is based on old interface of IBM Watson. this will create confusion for the learner in understanding process
The video should be updated together with the IBM Watson. It is difficult to follow the lesson and do the exercise.
Would be even better if they had updated the content along with the update of the new Watson Studio user Interface.
The instructions are a bit complicated for the rookies. Could be a little slower and simpler. Great work otherwise
Learn new open source data science tool like Jupyter notebook, R studio. good practical hands on Jupyter notebook.
Great course to get the knowledge of different tools available for working with data science and machine learning.
Great Introduction to the Open Source Data Science Tools. But I would expect the tutorials to be easier to follow.
They need to upload the new videos, because the videos are with the old version which is very difficult to follow.
it is very entry level course and lucidly explain. I would suggest to improve the difficulty level of this course.
i could not get access to the same screen as the one showed in the video.maybe it's me, maybe it has to be checked
The videos need to be updated. The interface in watson studio is completely different to the one from the videos.
The course information is outdated and difficult to follow. Other than that, great overview on open source tools!
This resource on open source tools on data science is good, but it's kind of outdated video. Rest all are perfect
This course provided a good introduction into open source tools for data science, including some basic tutorials.
Had some difficulty sharing my class project in Juypter notebook on Watson, but otherwise very rewarding course.
Only tools related to IBM were discussed. I was expecting some videos on installing and configuring those tools.
Good introduction of open resources, though some contents are outdated and caused some unnecessary waste of time
Good course. learned a lot about open-source tools for data science, the only bad thing is videos are outdated.
In last week, I think videos has to be updated, as IBM watson studio UI has changed for Data Science Experience
This is a good course, but they really need to update the screen shots to be up to date with IBM Watson Studio.
It was a nice course but I also felt like I should have had some previous knowledge which was a bit confusing.
good course but in videos there are old version explanations, but there are explanations in discussion forums
There are some outdated material, but after a quick search and common sense you can continue without issues.
Somewhat advanced for some users, more exercises on writing code would be extra useful.Overall great course.
was good, but it seemed somethings were missing,  also that the courses did not match the actual tools well.
Though really IBM-tools centric, this course was a good introduction to various open source tools available.
Good idea to give a very high-level hands-on overview of many tools, but some contents need re-shooting, it
The videos shared can be upgraded to IBM Watson Studio. It still continues to have Data science Experience.
Content is out of sync with the IBM Watson tool. Very difficult to navigate initially and thus frustrating.
It is good in general. However, some video tutorials are out of date. Please update week 3 video at least.
Great syllabus design . Amazing instructors . Had fun learning .thank you coursera and IBM or the course .
It was good.But every tool was completed in a hurry.Hope detailed information is given in further videos
Although concepts are nice and neat its very hard for beginners. Also, the course is not up to  the date
The course need an update, Zeppeling is no longer on Skill Labs and IBM Watson has change a little bit.
Lots of good information. I learned a lot about the tools available. Information was presented clearly.
need to include some PDF document just to explain all, specially how to use IBD DSX and Cognatitve Labs
Lots of great information packed into a short time. Excellent resources and step-by-step instructions.
The course video should be updated as per the present interface. Otherwise the overall course was good
IBM WATSON is not up to the mark creating account and all are very hectic otherwise course is too good
Good introduction to Open Source tools for data science, including: Jupyter, Zeppelin and RStudio IDE.
Very short and clear introduction to relevant tools. Videos about IBM Watson Studio could be updated.
Some of the videos did not align with the look of the web interfaces but overall it was a good course
An interactive course that gives resourceful insights to the tools available online for data science
Can work more on notebooks and things have been updated so there is a need for steps to be updated.
A great deal of information where you can learn the basics and most important tools in this filed.
It is a very rich course, however, I would like to hand more practical exercise on different tools
Great resources, but more focused towards "Open Source tools of IBM". Felt could have been better.
Good overview of the main tool. Jupyter Lab is particularly well covered. It is getting exciting.
this course useful but some photos, interfaces tools old. I think interfaces of tools can update.
Clear and substantively approachable. Hoping in further data analysis models in the next courses.
Actually, It is a great study material, but there are some video that repeat the previous lesson.
There has been some issues accessing the tools used on this course, but overall it was very good.
I had some difficulty to use IBM watson studio the first time. The video lessons are not updated
Really easy to follow along until Week 3 when the videos were all out of date. -1 star for that.
good basics concepts which can be useful to applied on future perspective data science projects.
IBM account instructions should be updated - took a long time to figure out how to set things up
It needs to be more challenging but happy to be introduced to various helpful tools nonetheless
It is good Course for understanding data Science open source tools and practical use of tools.
Last part is a bit out of date after IBM changed the interface of IBM Data Science Experience.
A very brief overview of all the open source tools required for Data Science. Well structured.
Course is not updated to the IBM Watson Studio interface. Good material and exercises though.
Nice course for learning the basics of open source tools required in the data science field.
Some videos are outdated, but still you can manage to complete all sections and assignments.
Great course, Watson screens are little out dated now but it doesn't detract from the class.
Some of these videos need to be updated. They don't along with what is current on the sites.
Some of the material wasn't up to date. However, it was still easy to figure everything out
The  final Assignment marking was not good though I performed well I didn't got full marks.
Good introduction to the tools that will be used in visualizing the data and data analysis.
Covered important  open source tools for Data Science.Also demonstrated IBM Watson Studio.
There is a discrepancy in one of the sections due to older versions. Not too major though.
Jumps straight into the tells. Needs a little more transitional introduction from course 1
Easy to learn course. Expansive and Introductory. Familiarize well with mainstream tools.
It was fun and I really enjoyed learning through out the course!Thank You IBM & Coursera.
course videos are not updated and it takes to much time to configure to the new updates!1
It's a very interesting course once you master how to write your codes and us Markdowns.
Very basic insight on tools. It's only good if you have zero experience/knowledge on it.
Great Introduction to various tools. Very suitable for someone who is just starting out.
It would better if the course is updated with the latest interface of IBM Watson Studio
Good clarification of tools. Maybe some emphasis on how those tools will work together.
Great course if you want to learn about the tools necessary in the data science world.
A few of the week 4 videos were a little difficult to follow the information provided.
very nice course but need more improvement in term in that it is dealing with beginner
InterestingStraight to the pointMaybe some more example on Watson would be appreciated
Some course video and links should be updated, i assume. Overall great course. Thanks.
It is very helpful course to learn basics of open sourse tools or IDE for data science
Good for knowing Open Source (and online / no need to download) tools for Data Science
Basics of Jupyter Notebook were clear but zepplelin notebook was not that much cleared
Good course and good explanations although an update on the content would be welcomed.
Good overview of the different web-based platforms available to practice data science.
Great course. One star less for all the difficulties with logging in to Watson Studio.
good course for the beginners who want some hands-on experience in data science tools
Course was well laid out. Systematic and detailed. helps any new bie to Data Science.
Some videos are not very clear, the sound is awful and the sequence is not adequate.
This course basically explain the tools for data science.And it is pretty much cool.
High-level introductions of the common data science tools and analytics environment.
Nice intro to different tools. If only it gives more examples or exercises to drill.
You will not really be using these tools in this course, they are simply introduced.
I've learned about many data sources   & created accounts where I can learn. Thanks.
Good course, but a little bit unfortunate that the IBM Watson Studio changed design.
some videos/ articles are outdated. please update, especially watson studio's part.
It Gave me a good basic understanding of the open source tools used in Data science
A lot of the videos, especially week 3, are not current with Watson Studio screens.
All and all a good course, but there are a few courses that have confusing videos.
Good to learn some popular open resource tools especially for the IT dumb like me.
Good overview for someone that would not know about opensource data science tools.
Good course to understand open source Data Science tools. It gives a good insight!
Informative but videos should be updated and should made more easy to understand.
A great introduction to the amazing resources one could use on IBM Watson Studio.
Instructions need to be updated for new interface. Got confusing and frustrating.
the course was interesting with a lot to know but sometimes pages can't be loaded
It's a well prepared course but the links to IBM Watson studio don't work easily.
This course provide overall idea of tools available for data science enthusiast.
Only the last week has some problems as the watson version online it's different
More real world problems would've been appreciated. Or more practical practices.
Feedback is not correct from other student.I'm a little bit disappointed in it.
I guess the videos shown are a bit outdated with regards with some of the tools
Instructions are out of date with IBM Watson.  Lite is no longer a free option.
Good to have an over view on IBM notebooks like (Jupyter, Zeppelin and Rstudio)
Sometimes pactical-showes lessons was not really comfortable for understanding
In the information part course is awesome but the content needs to be updated.
Nice introduction to the required tools needed for application in Data Science
The course needs to be updated as the videos for the last module are outdated.
Nicely explains all the Open Source Tools, but not updated for the new Watson.
I don't see similar buttons when using Watson Studio as the videos showed DSX
The course material are outdated that I had real struggle finding it online.
there must be some hands-on experience for every tool which has been taught.
Too much of information packed in single course. Pretty hard for beginners.
The course needs an update, since the tutorial resources have changed a bit
Course structure is good but the Labs has lots of issues / technical errors
Good information regarding data science tools but few videos are outdated.
The videos need to be updated to cope with the new Watson Studio interface
Should have elaborate little bit more about softwares and basic coammands.
Introduction to these open source tools is well presented in this course.
the demo tool version was not the same we used for doing final assignment
A bit repetitive on the IBM Watson piece but a good overview nonetheless.
Videos could be longer to help folk who have zero programming knowledge.
IBM Watson related content needs to be updated and be more comprehensive
Week 2's quality should be improved, make it more friendly for beginner
Good course, explanation about Git Hub could have been more detailed...
Very interesting course and you can learn a lot about Jupyter Notebook.
Please update the video content to suit the updated IBM Watson Studio.
Gives the idea of where to go and how to start using some tools for DS
Please update the vides to reflect the same environment as IBM Watson
Interesting to know the available tools (although, a bit repetitive).
Nice starting point to learn how to use a notebook in a simple manner
Good introduction to various tools available to data science novices.
An exciting start to the actual work of data science using IBM tools.
need to explain what we will learn from this week materials and quiz.
Course gives a overall view of how to use various data science tools.
Succinct high-level overview. Still need more courses to get skilled.
It needs more real-world or direct workplace data sources to work on
Excellent course. It was perfectly paced, the videos were excellent,
The IBM videos for using the IBM experience module should be updated
Why not just write with a Jupyter notebook from your own web browser
Insightful thou though but all the effort and extra reading pay off
Skills acquired from tools like, Jupyter notebooks, R, Scale, Spark
Good course on introduction of various tools used for data science.
Pretty comprehensive.  Good to get familiar with open-source tools.
I've learned a lot despite the poor quality of most of the videos.
I love tools. I love Open Source tools for Data Science even more!
Very nice introduction which definitely made me want to know more.
Good course but some of the IBM Cloud material needs to be updated
The course was great as it describes about the open source tools.
Some things for the last assignment were not explained very well
Good to know about certain tools which would be useful in future
week 3 was very confusing as the video was severely out of date.
Great course, would love more work examples to improve my skills
I didn't appreciate the marketing tactics for the watson studio.
Thank you. Very helpful and motivating to explore various tools.
The course wholely covered IBM watson and other IBM cloud tools
I would like to see this course give more hands on assignments.
I finished the course with the understand of doing basic stuff.
We need more tutorials on all tools demonstrated in this course
The lab exercises should be more interactive and better planned
Basic knowledge of tools were to given for different analysis.
Was glad to exposure to some of the different tools out there!
Good intro though a bit rushed. More hands on would be better.
Videos don´t match with the last version of IBM Watson Studio.
Overall is good but Data cleansing section is bit Fast though
very useful online and free open tools to help data analysis.
Great course, I feel I'm starting to get fun learning code :)
Cool course, give insight on the possible tools for newcomer.
This course explores the IBM data science lab in a brief way.
Slightly mismatch between tutorial and  IBM Watson Studio IDE
It was an interesting introduction to some new tools for me.
This is a great course to learn critical Data science tool.
Great introduction to open source options for Data Science.
Good that It introduces various tools with the differences.
The course is fantastic, the video about R is a bit laggy.
Course is great to kick start your Journey in Data Science
Good, but why observing only IBM tools ? Looks like an Ad.
The lectures were not updated but the forums were helpful
Update the material with new updates on IBM waston please
Very poor content on Zeppelin for Scala. Others are good.
good presentation, easy speaking, very funny. Thank you!
I really began to understand the tools for data science.
a bit of difficult to connect to Data Science Experience
An interesting and fun course. Possibly a bit too easy.
It could use more practical examples, but great anyway.
The content for Data Refinery could be improved a bit.
Some of the walk-throughs for Watson Studio are dated.
A good introduction to various Notebooks & easy to use
course's  final assignment should be little bit harder
Some of the links to external pages have to be updated
Interesting course ,learn more basic from this course.
IBM Watson Data Science Experience needs to be updated
The course is good, but need a update in the IBM part.
Really Amazing flow of training materials. I liked it.
good for the basic knowledge of the data science tools
Good overview of all the available open source tools.
Needs to update. Some videos outdated but works well.
The exercises could have been a bit more challenging.
I liked still I need deep learnig from other sources.
There could be more interactive courses on the tools.
In my opinion, material from week 2 needs a revision
IBM Watson have been updated. Videos are not updated
I experienced many problems with the cloud platform.
Please update the videos to more current.  Thank you
The course could have been a little more elaborate .
Good one. Given brief explanation into the insights.
Informative. great videos. good practical exercises
Good introduction but some resources need updating.
Gentle introduction to Watson Studio and skills lab
Watson Studio part is a bit confusing and outdated.
Update video for creating notebook in watson studio
I think need more explanation for the Watson Studio
Good course, some of the tools are outdated though
It good and give us Basic Knowledge where to start
very basic. there should option for easy and hard.
Four star because some of the content is outdated.
I think Coursera needs to work on video lectures.
Some files are not working. It was disappointing.
I found the course helpful. The flow is also good
Overall pretty good. Week 3 needs to be updated.
Watson studio expertise steps should be updated.
There can be more explanations to use the tools.
Needs to be updated. Everything else very good.
Give a good understanding of tools and platform
Could have thrown in few more practice quiz !!!
Section about IBM Watson Studio is out of data
Course was not updated with IBM Cloud platform
It's good time learn with IBM Thankyou tutors!
Data Science Studio section should be updated
Version on the video of Watson Studio differs
Good Understanding of the basics of the tools
The watson studio is not perfectly described.
The course was good but can be more detailed.
Good presentation about some available tools.
Watson system updated. But the course is not!
Names of sites mentioned needs to be updated.
I found this course very useful and relevant
essential contents for beginner from scratch
maybe more HTML code teaching will be better
It was a bit challenging but I made it ! :)
The course is really great and interesting.
Please change videos to the new IBM version
IBM Watson Studio can be more user friendly
A little depreciated but still nice content
seamless, I like the in-between questions.
Good Skills on Ibm Cloud and Watson Studio
ThanksNB: Videos need to be updated though
IBM watson was little difficult to access
A great course to introduce the IBM tools
Good for understanding open source tools.
great to get familiarized with the tools
Good overview of tools and IBM platforms
The exercises could be more challenging.
Great introduction to Jupyter Notebooks.
Some of the lectures need to be updated.
I still find the course needs an upgrade
A good overview of open source tools for
IBM Watson section must be updated asap!
good for begineers. informative and easy
Its a good platform to learn new things
I have learned from this course. Thanks
Not bad but need practice areas in them
Good course but a need a little update
IBM Cloud has been updated with new UI
Really informative and easy to follow
too simple introduction for each tool
Good intro to the data science tools.
IBM Watson videos were a bit outdated
Some of the videos had a bad quality
Not all applications were up to date
Good starting point for data science
Rather simple but gets to the point.
need more detail in each open source
Only some sessions need improvement
the videos are of an older version
Excellent introduction to DS tools
I cannot open week 3's assignment.
Hard & confusing but I made it lol
A light overview of various tools.
Appreciate the exercises and labs
Nice Introduction about the Tools
Video material should be updated.
The videos need to be up to date.
Some of the videos where outdated
It just does what it supposed to.
Very good course to star with ...
the material needs to be updated
Too much emphasis on IBM's tool,
Maybe could incorporate Pycharm
The course needs to be updated.
great to see how the IDE's work
This course is well delivered.
Good tools, good explanations.
Relatively easy to understand.
Unable to see all interpreter
Week 3 was not easy to follow
The videos need to be updated
The tutorials needs updating.
Course needs little updation.
Need more interactive videos
The lab design needs updates
It is a very helpful course.
Instructions not up to date.
IBM watson studio is slow...
it's really amazing course.
overall experience was good
Good beginner level course.
not really good but not bad
The videos must be updated.
Update the video tutorials.
Please update the contents
good course to know basics
You could focus more in R
Some content is outdated.
this course is amazing...
Good introductory course!
Some videos are outdated.
very much helpful course
Some content not updated
It was fun coding Python
Very general information
Basic, but informative.
Needed more  exercises.
It needs to be update!
Need updates in 2020
Much more practical.
Outdated Information
Not enough practice
good intro. thanks!
Need more exercises
It's good to start.
not too technical.
need some updates
Very Nice Content
Great! Course...
Ａ good starting.
Too few attendee
the right pace
quite too easy
A little easy
Great Insight
So many tools
It was good!
Outdated.
Very informative... But the instructor could have given a proper link in the description as it was very difficult to navigate through and have lost a lot of time figuring the way out
All the tools required for ML kick starting was explained very clearly and it helped me a lot in building the understanding of what tools need to be learnt in the field of ML and Data Science.
To the contrast of other reviews, I find the content very well bifurcated and fed to the learners. The course very easily digestable and I have had a great amount of fun learning it.. Go for it!!!!
Brief overview of the open source tools such as Jupyter and RStudio.. Pretty good for beginners
The courses I have taken have served me for my professional life, expand my knowledge and apply them finding results. This undoubtedly marked my personal life feeling happy and calm with what I am living. I feel that this platform has changed my life because it has ended with many paradigms that I had with respect to education, thanks to the financial help that Coursera has given me I have been able to move forward in my life project. Thanks you very much. Greetings from Colombia
This course helped me finding open source tools. I knew about Jupyter Notebooks, but I also got to know more tools. Further, I got IBM subscription too, it would definitely help me in my work.
This course is very nice to understand Python, Zappelin and R Studio basics on code and concepts, in which you will get hands on along with creating a free IBM Cloud and Watson Studio account.
Its a good courser : but the instructor is boring
This course provided me with a first-rate introduction to IBM Watson Studio and its various data science tools, like Jupyter Notebooks and RStudio. Before this course, I felt overwhelmed by the vast array of technologies I thought I needed to learn before I could do anything interesting in Data Science. The instructors' videos on Open Source Tools for Data Science were well-paced and thoughtful as they gradually increased the complexity of the tasks required of the students. I must also commend the developers of IBM Watson Studios. It has been a special privilege for me to have access to some of the cutting-edge, production-ready software offered by IBM, as well as actual data science projects and code. I can't wait to finish the next course!
I'm giving this the 5 Star review that it deserves, even though I ran into multiple issues when setting up IBM Watson Studio.  The application from the video differed greatly from whatever version of Watson Studio that I had logged into - as if the video content was outdated.  This made the navigation of the setup very cumbersome and time-consuming and it also hindered and delayed my ability to complete the assignments.  However, everything else was either on point or better than the training materials (specific to the DS tools) that I had previously used.  It appears that other students had completed their final graded assignments w/o any issues, judging by their submission date after I was tasked to grade their projects...
I really enjoyed taking this course! The well thought-out and thorough course content kept me captivated through the whole course! I really appreciate the effort put into helping us students learn the most current technologies! Since I've recently finished a course on Machine Learning, I do have a suggestion for possible improvement of IBM SPSS Modeler's Analysis Node. That is to show calculated precision and recall, in addition to accuracy; especially when there is a low probability of occurrence when accuracy value can be misleading. Thank you, again, and may the love, joy, and blessings of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you and all who take this course!
This is the first course I have completed on Coursera. Overall it definitely meets its objectives. It is written for beginners and it indicates so in the course description. Yes some of the materials are a bit out of date but I do not find anything impeding. At times, for examples, during the setup phase for the tools, I felt stuck and the fact there was no one around to answer questions made it more challenging. However, part of the learning is to deal with uncertain situations and prepare us for the future. I did feel more satisfied when I finally overcame the challenge.
This course is really good to get some basics of the tools but if you want to get better in these tools you either need to have basic knowledge of computer programing prior or you need to explore each tool yourself and give it huge time. I would suggest the course organizer give some optional practice materials so that people can practice it and get familiar with the tools.  Also, the course videos introducing IBM Watson studio are a bit outdated with the current website interface so some times it can be a problem to understand what to do.
It is a good course. Lot to learn about Data Science. There is a small problem at times. Like the IBM Watson Studio instruction do not match with the actual website. BUT this minor small problem is easily over come. As I am discovering. The IBM's website is being upgraded for GOOD REASONS. SO even if there is some mismatch in their video instructions, no problem !!! One can find newer relevant answers on Google search or on FORUMS.  Which is very good in learning to overcome minor difficulties. So Overall VERY GOOD as I am also learning.
I love you Coursera, I am really thankful for the Coursera community to provide us the course is free of cost. so many students like me suffering from financial challenges and Coursera provides us the very best course free of cost. thank you very much, Coursera.I want to tell about something about this course, this course was really awesome and able to understand all the concept of opensource tools for data science like jupyter zeppelin and IBM Watson. this course is very helpful for me. Through this course, I learn a lot of things.
This course introduces the learner to the open source tools for Data Science in a very efficient manner. It describes the usefulness of different  open source tools and at the same time provides hands on experience with them. There will be graded quiz sessions about each open source tool and it really helps to get the concepts clear. At the last, we have to write a Jupyter notebook and share it with our peers. We have been really guided very well to create our shareable notebook. Thanks for this course.
Adequate time and information (particularly step by step with screenshots for setup of notebook etc.) was provided in the video and related printed material. This is unlike other courses that I've take so far. So definitely appreciate the instructors and others who helped in creating the material. Although some of the DSX and Dev Cognitive Lab screenshots and steps were outdated due to the new version available, but the helpdesk of IBM was quick to respond.
I have found the program very hands-on, and I like that. It is important to know the basics, and to know your tools, to be able to perform a great job later. This course will teach you how to use the basics for Jupyter Notebooks. Also, it will introduce you to the IBM Tool to make your Data Science journey better. You can always use Jupyter, R Studio, and others separately, but it is nice to have everything in one place and in the cloud.
The course is good but sometimes the exercise texts are not very clear and some of the lessons are very straightforward, leaving many doubts. The course should have a larger series of exercises and an automatic correction system that facilitates the review of the exercises. In addition, it would be interesting to have a module on how to use IBMDB2 without the online platform, but through Jupyter on the computer.
Without any prior knowledge of data science, I completed this course on my own. Although it was not easy, I am glad that I did it with several attempts. The pleasure of accomplishment from hard work was beyond words and could not be replaced by anything else. Moreover, it gave me the courage to challenge next course.Thank all the teachers and everyone involved in making this course available to the public.
An amazing review of available tools for data science an data analysis. 
Many tools are reviewed, including tools for programing with different 
languages, cloud for online storage etc
 with some handy works to get familiar to them. The practices include 
the procedure of creating personal accounts, free profile in the IBM 
cloud. One ends up having a nice overview of many available tools for data science.
Good Course! Goes through the basic tools for Data Science. The course assignments are fairly easy, especially if you have worked on any of these tools before. The IBM resources on the cloud that are used for this course are fantastic, although they are slow to load at times or confusing to navigate. But with some practice, it is easy to master them and take advantage of these open source tools!
Good Day
I am personally thankful and grateful for this opportunity  .Thanks and Warm Regards.ABHIJIT SENGUPTAPortfolio URL : https://about.me/abhijitsenguptaWebsite : www.pactolianconsulting.comE - Mail : abhijit@pactolianconsulting.comKolkata , IndiaSkype : abhijit.sengupta357
Ph. : + 91 33 25907110
Cell : + 91 9163863607
Whatsapp : + 91 8017648297
                      + 91 6290750012
I did not know about Cognitive Class Labs. I was trying to install all these different packages in order to be able to work with them and make progress but I have always had difficulties. I am super excited that I finally realised that there is a much easier way to work with all these amazing tools on line without any problem :-) Thanks a lot Coursera and IBM for this amazing course :-)
The course was well structured and I got to know the importance of all the included tools and how they work. One thing, I'd like to add is the tool limitations and errors we get usually. Well, I figured out after googling and researching, but then as they were usual errors, it'd have been great if we had a cheat sheet or something to avoid those errors time to time.
It was a very good introductory course to the Open Source tools available for the practice of Data Science. The pace is normal and the contents are enough to understand and fulfill the requirements in the final project assignment. The IBM Watson Studio presented some issues but they were solved in less than 24 hours by the IBM Engineers. Kudos to the support team!
It is very useful to know the IBM cloud platform and practical. The cloud platform is very complicate and may do many things. It looks like a forest for me.  Some videos is old interface. If there are step by step instructions, it will save me some time to quickly start. Assignment is easy, but take time to get used to the environment and to know where am I.
I have to give it 5 star cause it was so explanatory and exciting,  though the video instructions need to be upgraded cause the web interface as at April 19th, 2020 isn't the same as the Video instructions. So that needs to be upgraded!!! But you work your way round it if you pay attention!!!Nevertheless, it's a wonderful course and very exciting!!!!
Loved it! The most useful aspect was the cognitive class cloud web environment, which truly allows you the flexibility and mobility to practice from anywhere. There is no need to download install software, so you can access the course, literally from any machine, in a seamless manner. That's a very neat feature for someone who is working.
Assignment assessment is not controlled and sometimes assessors don't assess based on the right content. I encountered this issue in several courses' assignments. I hope that the peer-graded assignment undergoes some revision to establish a more credited assessment approach.Thank you for your consideration.Coursera is always the best!
I learned so much in this course. I had no idea these tools were available in one place online. In preparation for doing the IBM Professional Certificate, I spent about a week installing programs and languages and stressing out about GUIs and IDEs. This course showed me multiple ways to get around all this and use IBM online tools.
A lot of this is outdated since the IBM Watson stuff has been completely revamped, and the Zeppelin Notebooks tutorials were difficult to follow, since they seemed to have already been run when I went in, and therefore I couldn't tell what was function and what was output.  But it's great to have all these free tools available.
This actually helps me since I have no background regarding the tools needed for development in Data Science. Week 1 and 2 are particularly helpful since it introduces a lot of tools that one could use. Week 3 is a bit promotional and week 4 is true challenge. The course really guides you on how to start jupyter notebook.
It was a great experience to learn the various open-source tool for data science. I have gained considerable knowledge of the Jupyter Notebook and IBM Watson Studio. It will be of great help for learners if the data science experience tool videos will be modified with IBM Watson Studio navigation and notebook creation.
Loved the course! It presents integrated environments where we can perform data analysis (+all previous and post steps) using multiple languages in open-source tools. IBM Skills Network Labs is perfect for learning, IBM Watson Studios enables collaboration and scalability, for enterprises. Super convenient tools!
the course is great for people getting into the field of data science and have no clue where to start with resources for the filed. It helps build confidence and security knowing there are resources at our finger tips, for free, and with guidance from the the tutorial videos provided in this course. great stuff.
Very informative on the open source tools available. It does get tricky sometimes to understand the instructions of the notebooks as the videos display an older version and the current website would have the updated version. IBM Cloud is a huge advantage to work on Python,R and Scala with spark kernels for free.
Very beneficial, albeit somewhat painful , in getting the assignment done since the videos (at the time of this review) are not exactly correlated with current software (Watson v. Data Experience).But hey, we are to be problem solvers, so that was just one minor hurdle to overcome and learn from in the process!
This course was intensive on tools used in Data Science. It was an overwhelming experience for I learnt to use resources on Github and understood how Jupyter notebooks are important in writing long codes. All in all , a great experience and would like to complete the full IBM data science specialization soon.
It's a good overview of all the tools that can be used for data science. If you're following along with the IBM course, it gives you a good idea of what you could be using for your capstone class. They do not detail much of tools rather introduce them to you. It'd be up to you to delve deeper if you'd like.
Astonishing course for learning the basics of the tools used for data science, open source tools and comercial tools, at the beginning it might be a bit overwhelming because of lots of terms that are unknown by most starters like me, but as the course goes on and if you are commited, it's a piece of cake
Nice in introducing approaches to data science; however, some parts appears unnecessary to be mentioned right in the beginning. For example: Appache Zeeplin and Zeppling for Scala are more of courses in either intermediate or advanced level. Perhaps postponing it till database would be a better option.
This is a very comprehensive presentation on the available tools for Data Science both Open Sources and that of IBM proprietary tools. As presented, you as a Data Scientist has the sole option which of these tools are fit for your data science studies. Very enlightening and full of thoughts to ponder.
Good introduction to free and paid programs available for practicing and understanding data science! It shows detailed UI walkthroughs and tutorials, and gets you started setting up accounts that you will most likely use many years while learning data science and programming (R, Scala, Python, etc).
Love it! It's such a gentle introduction to the tools of the trade as well as the languages we need to learn in order to use them. The labwork is my favorite part. The only way you can learn anything interactive like this is by diving in and trying things out, and now all I want to do is learn MORE.
Great introduction to various tools offered by IBM. The course does not go into depths but rather shows what is out there. To really get the most out of this course, one needs to be motivated to explore the tools on one's own time. But that is a given in this field, I'd say. Therefore, five stars
The course is amazing for beginners as well as for professionals for building the concepts. I am really thankful to all the instructors for delivering the concepts very clearly. I recommend this course to everyone who wants to learn the different tools to build their foundation in Data Science.
This course is excellent to understand as an introduction the principal tools that are usted in the data science field. With this knowledge I have a more clear view on the tools I would like to investigate. I recommend this course for beginners with no clue of the tools usted in data science.
This was a really intuitive course with hands on experience on Jupyter Notebooks, Rstudio, Python 3.It turns out to be the more I'll practice the more I'll learn and this course really turned out to be helpful as a stepping stone towards it. Thanks a lot for creating such an amazing course.
In the modern digital world transformation of world and the data science is very useful in our daily life activities and increases the quality of life and now a days the information is the wealth and it is used in the future career and so many applications of data science is used.Thank you
This course gives good practical understanding of the open source tools for data science, such as Jupyter Notebooks, Zeppelin Notebook, RStudio IDE, IBM Watson Studio. Now I know what they are and how to use them, although had absolutely zero idea about the matter before taking the course.
Really good course. It listed so many important commercial and open source tools and provided material to explore and do hands-on on the important ones like GitHub, Jupyter Notebook on Watson Studio. It also showcased the entire process of how modeling works in data science.Thanks alot !
An extremely nice course, easy to understand and easy to follow video directions shared by the instructors. Ave learnt so many open source tools that I can use in various data models and how identify the best tool to use depending on dynamics of the data and tasks ahead. Kudos IBM Team
Once again is a pleasure for my be part of this Awesome courses in this brilliant website who help people to improve their skills, in my case with 2 financial aid approved I have no words to describe how I feel right now. Many thanks to all people who make this possible.Happy Learning.
I thought this was very informative and relevant. What I didn't like was the lack of integrity that some of the people using the course have. They clearly were giving bad marks on assignments for no reason. Working in Data Science requires integrity so if you don't have it, get lost.
The course is engaging and interesting. It is really good and would recommend to anyone who wants to take a look into data science and start working on it. The ungraded assignments may be a bit confusing but you will manage to get through. Overall it was a fairly good experience.
This course was very helpful. This course taught me what are the open-source tools used in Data Science and how to use them. Happy to learn new things. Thankyou Coursera and IBM. And also a big thanks to the instructors who made this course. Looking forward to learn more things.
I've been able to learn basics in data science software. It was a nice experience and an introduction to something I am looking for to learn. I would recommend to all without prior experience, though those who have already worked with those tools this course won't mean too much.
As I have an old laptop with 3GB RAM, I had a lot of trouble running my IBM Watson. Only when I changed to a laptop with a 4GB RAM, I was able to run my IBM Watson. But I had a difficult time trying to figure out how to solve this problem. But overall it was a very good course.
I think the practice with the ed courses really helped me . And i would like to add the online Jupiter book is really awesome which saves us downloading and installing other software.The course instructor approach was really commendable and the concept delivery was really good.
Great course! I was already aware of Jupyter Notebooks but it was great seeing the other tools available along with their pros and cons. Learning about the IBM Watson capabilities is also incredibly useful for at home projects where my pc only has so much processing power.
The other courses I took are too easy sofar for me. One course is like one lecture to me in college level. I am not sure how this is gong to help. I would expect the courses to get harder. However. I learnt a lot from this course as it asks us to do a lot of extra reading.
Great course. I knew some python, SQL, Jupyter before but all  very point knowledge. The first course provided some great data science context and I now understand at a high level Zeppelin and RSudio, and how to work in both a Cloud production environment with Watson Lab.
I learnt a lot in this course. I was able to start a new journey with open source tools for data science and the videos in the course were clear and easy to understand. I would recommend this course for any future data scientist to learn his/her tools for data science.
Very useful to give you an orientation when you know nothing about programming or data science. Yo will have an approach to different useful tools. Two of them are Github and Jupyter notebooks. You will learn how to start to use them. That was what I liked the most.
I was an awesome Kickstart to the data science tools and i am really excited to explore more courses in the IBM Data Science Professional Certificate Course. In the End i would like to thank my instructors and Also Coursera for giving me the opportunity to learn .
The course introduced me into a variety of tools and languages which I found very intriguing and useful. I'd recommend it for anyone who is looking to enter the field of Data Science. It is a beginner level course and will help you to understand things with ease.
It is an easy and quick overview of popular tools for data science. Learners can know the basis of these tools and how to get access to them. Most importantly, IBM introduces their platform and one can write Python and R without downloading them to the desktop.
I have to admit, I was a bit skeptical before starting this course. However, the more I get into it, the more I realise why this course alone teaches you more than hours and hours of youtube videos. Props to the course creators. It is very interactive and fun.
A perfect wonderful course for beginners. The "IBM data science experience" has been changed now to "IBM Watson Studio". It will be little helpful if we get a new videos about how to operate the instances and add notebooks, as some of the GUI has been changed.
This course gives you an insight into the different tools available in different platform like Microsoft, Amazon and IBM , This course talks in details about IBM Watson and different services  available. like Jupyter notebook and SPSS, data scale up others.
The course is amazing however the layout is a bit confusing especially with the platforms that were introduced on Watson studio. I feel like they need to introduce all the platform but choose one that will be used for the module. But overall it was awesome.
This is a great intro to a couple of the tools that one would need to be familiar with in order to be successful in Data Science.  This area is going to require some extra work on the students' part to get familiar with the tools but is a great lead-in.
I enjoyed this course. The opportunity to work with Zeppelin notebooks, R, and Watson studio was great! The only small stumbling block was the old videos on Watson Studio. But you know about that and I'm sure you are actively working on it.  Thank you.
It is quite god to get to know the tools availableRecommendations, there are some changes to the current platforms, that information should be updated.Question, why did we sign on to cognitive lab if the assignment will be completed in Watson Studio?
It was awesome learning from coursera. Contents are well created to be understood by anyone easily. It's amazing and i wish everyone who is interested in data science should take up this course. Looking forward to take up more courses in course era
Very good intro to the tools available.The improvement to the training would be also how to do it in my own computer without connecting necessarily to an external tool and then once I'm ready use the tools IBM provide for a professional deployment.
I enjoyed this class. It gives good exposure to Jupyter and Zeppelin notebooks, as well as IBM Watson Studio. Students can spend extra time with these tools to get more depth of knowledge (but still introductory knowledge). Also includes some R.
The learning has been broken down step by step. This has helped me gained deeper understanding about RStudio, Zeppelin Notebook, Jupyter, Python 3 and more. Now I feel more encouraged to continue the course till the very end. Thank you Cousera.
good intro to very very surface essentials of watson, zeppelin, jupyter, rstudio. though i didn't like the relatively extensive reading. video tutorials would be easier to follow cos a pic speaks a thousand words! but tqvm for this course!!!!
It is an amazing course that helps us understand the basic tools required to be a Data scientist. The course was indeed insightful and I highly recommend the aspirers of data science or analytics to begin this course and have happy learning.
I've only had the chance to work with Jupyter notebooks as its what I had originally started learning with.  This course allowed me to see other tools that are out there.  Expanding my visibility into areas I had otherwise not been aware of.
Great way to learn about the open source tools for data science to dive deeper. One suggestion would be to consider updating the IBM Watson Studio section videos. It appears that significant updates have been made to the website since 2018.
Great introduction into Open Source Tools and into the basic workings of these tools. I love the labs, this is so hands-on and really gives the most realistic view on data science tasks and how they are done that I have come across so far.
At the beginning, this course tries to overwhelm you with a lot of tools and you'd think IBM is just advertising but later in doing a simple project in this course you'd be thankful IBM provided all the tools in one place in the cloud.
Really nice introductions to these amazing tools such as Jupyter Noteboos, Zeppelin, IBM Watson Studio and RStudio IDE. Very easy to grasp and the final project helps practice all the basics in Jupyter notebook using some Python code.
Very good explanation of all tools that is available to users to enable them to work effectively. The labs also proved helpful with practicing and getting familiar in terms of navigation and getting use to the different environments.
Nice review of existing open source tools and free to use web services implementing those tools. Personally I would also enjoy some introduction to either how to set up those open source tools on a personal computer or private cloud.
this course I good enough to under stand which tools are applicable in data processing in data science . thanks Coursera for providing such a course that was very funy I enjoyed my valuable time learning with Coursera and faculty
Fantastic course it was. I got overview of most of the open source tools for Data Science.The Assignment at the end of the course was also interesting as it summarizes all the things we learned.Thank you for such awesome content.
The course is quite technical but very educational and instructive. Though I got a bit confused when I created the Watson Studio, because the platform was different from what the instructor used. But it is an interesting course
This course was good It will teach you various open source tools that are being used in data science fields like RStudio, Jupyter notebooks, Scala, Hadoop,Apache spark etc. I would definetly suggest you to take this course .
Just enough to know the different types of open source tools that can be used to data science. to learn the tool completely, we need to refer to many tutorial materials within.Good Introduction session for tool applications.
The course is exceptionally good in order to introduce you various details about the tools that you require for Data Science Analytics.Exceptionally well made support by IBM and Coursera is as a whole best for these courses.
Great course and the tools provided are very useful. You have to really work by yourself to read and understand the tools though, because there is no way other than practice to learn the various notebooks and how they work.
I am novice to this field. Nevertheless, I did not have much troubles in catching up the class because the contents of this courses are very well organized and the level of the class was well adjusted. Thank you very much!
I loved the practical approach of the course. It's not just listing of tools but step by step application which makes me more confident-I know exactly where to fetch each tool I need in a Data Science Project. Thank you.
The Tools which were mentioned in the course are really helpful and important.Through this course, you can get to know about various tools used in Data Science with their use and explanation. I really liked this course.
Though the interface in the videos were little outdated, the IBM professionals are working on it to make it better. The style of teaching is incredible. Extremely responsive team. Thanks for giving us a chance to learn.
this was a very good course, to kick start the basics of various IDE's and how to use them on the cloud. This course is very helpful in providing knowledge and outlook of many new technologies that i am not aware of.
I really enjoyed this course! I had a very poor knowlegde of Zepplelin for instance, now I even consider using that tool more often! Besides, learning how to better use Jupyter is a great experience worthy the time!
I did learn something about Data Science tools but not thoroughly. Hope to learn further on the tools and its application. I know now that IBM Watson Studio is great to do Data Analytics. Thanks to the instructors.
Some videos are of inferior quality. And subtitles at times inconsistent with what people in video are saying. Also in R lab some insonsistencies, such as the code that should be added in the end is already added.
Excellent content for someone who has no programming background! I will recommend to anyone to sign up cause even if you might doubt that you don't know much, by the the end of the course you will feel like a Pro!
This course introduced me to the open source tools available for data scientists. The good thing about this course is introduction to multiple tools rather than a single tool and exercises to practice on the tool.
This course has given me basic understanding of tools used in data science and its uses. It has given me confidence that folks who don't have computer science background can also master the data analysis skills.
This track has exposed me to tools i never knew existed as a beginner, I have learnt how to use them and I am pleased to have gone through the track, my gratitude to my teachers and IBM for putting this together
We get to learn the basics of all open-source data science tools and their working in IBM Watson Studio and IBM Data Science Workbench. Tools we learn here are Jupyter Notebooks, Zeppelin Notebooks, R Studio IDE
An amazing course providing great exposure to data science basics and tools for data science. The amazing explanation regarding the benefits of the cloud computing in the world of data science are dope as well.
I enjoyed learning about these tools available for Data Science. This introduction did some to show the capabilities but would need more study and use to master them and learn more capabilities of these tools.
Nice Course, You can have a look at all data science tools we can use for different tasks of data science..And how IBM Watson Studio integrates all tools at a single place and makes data scientist's life easy.
Its really been a Great experience of exploring the tools to be used in the journey of Data Science. I thank Coursera for offering such a phenomenal course for young Data Science aspirants to hone their skills
Really the team who are working on that is amazing and from down of my heart i thank you so muchi have learned so far how to use the needed tools to my project and how to link my work in github with the team
This seems to be a good start to know the tools in the field and have a brief introduction on each one of them, must for someone who is looking for a trend which Data Science had and has in past and present.
Very nice course. This course gives a detailed introduction to the IBM Watson Studio along with other important tools for Data Scientists. It's a must do course for all beginners in the field of Data Science
I have made a rock foundation after taking this class! It gives you a guide that you can expand it with other resources over the internet and books. It is an excellent guide and content is also fun as well!
It's easier than it looks. I was anxious when the mini lessons started using jargon that was unfamiliar to me. But when I started watching the demonstrations and doing the exercises, it all made more sense.
ONE CAN ACQUIRE BEAUTIFUL KNOWLEDGE TO THE TOOLS USED BY DATA SCIENCE COMMUNITY ALONG WITH APPLING THEIR SKILLS ON  PRACTICAL ASSIGNMENTS AND PROJECTS ON THE USEFUL PLATFORMS ,ITS WAS A NICE COURSE .
It serves perfecty its aim that is giving a first glance of the open course tools for data science. Of course each tool is briefly touched and it hands over the student the duty to deepen each tool.
Absolutely Loved this course!! Challenging at times to keep up with all the terms and processes. The course provided great insight into Data Science. Would highly recommend it as your first course.
This course is awsum and well explained. Some portions needs to be updated based on the current platforms. i.e Lab instructions should be inline with the current screen, e.g. Watson Studio.Thanks !
The course is interesting. It presents large spectrum of tools. It could be more helpful to provide general information on different tools and focus on few of them such as R, GitHub  for example.
Good to overview web-based data analyzing tools like Jupyter notebook, Zeppelin notebook and R studio IDE by getting access to virtual environments like Skills Network Labs and IBM Watson studio.
The videos in this course are outdated and the content in videos doesn't match with the reality because the videos are old and Watson studio got updated.  Course content must be updated ASAP.
Useful, quite a bit of practical. I've learned a lot of new tools and possibilities to use them for free; although based on IBM infrastructure, they're open source and may be used everywhere.
Does a good job of showing areas to obtain access to use Python, R, and Scala. You can however tell they're pushing IBM products when in reality there are many other options such as Anaconda.
I could learn how one can use IBM Watson in the entire Life cycle of Data Science and automate every mundane task which ultimately speeds up the Data Science workflow to a significant level.
very good structured and easy explained. most important: you can practice the basics of a (juoiter,zeppelin and RStudio IDE) lab while the instructor is giving an overview of the environment
Great course to gain knowledge from.One must spend a good amount of time in order to learn the basic tools of data science and thus won't find it difficult to work in data science in future.
Another Great class.  Really introduces you to new tools that out there, not just for Data Scientist to use, but for anyone that  has the use for R or Python coding etc.  Loved the course.
Impressed by those notebooks or development environment, and its availability on Web; very practical to document the method used in a data study, integrating programming with documenting.
Good Course. Help you understand the most used open-source tools for Data Science. It also introduces IBM Watson Studio which is the best cloud-based collaborative tool for Data science.
Thank this course for letting me know there are online tools for data science, which help collaboration anytime and anywhere. It is trusted because it is from IBM, a well-known company.
Brief introduction to what cloud platforms available to execute coding in different kernels. You also get an idea on how you will be analyzing data with what sort of tools and outcomes.
Pretty nice introduction. A short course, don't expect anything too technical, but i think in a world of heavy and long MOOCs, its not a bad thing to start off with a lightweight one :)
Introduces us to some really nice tools and also IBM Watson cloud service which has a lot of resources and IBM doing a service to the community by providing you many of those for free.
Great Course and Great Tools assessment for further advancement into data science. I believe that tools covered were great as well as good teaching. More so to the point and practical
Very detailed course with great videos, examples, study material and hands on lab. Also I love the concept of peer graded assignment, gives me opportunity to see how others are doing.
A very good introduction to the various data science tools. Very helpful and easy to understand even for non coders. The exercises mentioned make you comfortable with the environment.
This was my first time to get to know open-source data science tools and it gave me a general view of the same. of course, self-study is a must to get more familiar with these tools.
The course is too good.After attending the course, I am having great understanding on jupyter notebook.Also, able to make a small assignment on jupyter notebook on IBM WATSON STUDIO.
I thoroughly enjoyed taking this class.  The seamless platform with video and hands-on exercises created an engaging course.  Also, the peer review process was extremely rewarding.
This Course is nice for overview of open tools including free and premium coding environment that support user so much in studying, practicing and developing code for data science.
Good for pointing you towards free open source tools to practice developing in for both Python and R. Also has a nice introduction of how to use some basic feature of these tools.
This course creates a friendly environment to learn Jupiter notebook, Zeppelin Notebooks, RStudio and IBM Watson Studio step by step. Course materials and assignments are great!!
I was really excited to dealing with IBM Watson Studio through the Internet. Also, given IBM Badge made me feel very worthwhile about learning. Thanks for this practical lecture.
The information is clear and allowed me to complete all the activities, just be aware that the IBM tool is not upgraded in the course so research and web navigation is mandatory.
Once I enrolled in this course I had no idea about Data Science tools. This course is the best for who don't know anything in Data Science tools and very beginners in this area.
An invaluable hands-on provision. I feel as though I am adequately hatted with the basic skills and equipped with the efficient tools for my next steps in pursuing Data Science.
I learned about a lot of tools that I hadn't heard before. The course walks through deep insights into IBM Watson Studio and every aspect of it. This is a very detailed course.
intimidated to learn the analytics tools and worried  i was too much of a beginner to take this course on.  It was very easy to follow the steps 1 by 1 to learn these tools.
I use a chromebook and these tools were very helpfull for someone who is new to the discipline and cannot reliably boot a python terminal or R studio on his primary machine.
This was a fantastic course. I managed to learn a vast set of skills in both Skills Network Lab and IBM Watson studio. I recommend Coursera to all of my friends and Family.
Great course for understanding the essentials tools required to implement Data Science. Juypter Notebook and Zappelin Notebooks are the most preferred Notebooks to work on.
Brief introduction to manny useful online tools for data science. Although it seems to be easy to accomplish this course, it really helps me learn more about data science.
This course is primordial to meet the tools applied to the slim courses. Explicit concepts and ease of access in the course. Course clear, structured and of great value.
It was a great experience!! I had a great time learning how to create a new project, then a notebook where you can write codes using Markdown Cells, Headers, HTML,etc.
Makes you familiar with the software tools needed to write code in Data Science. It is not an programming class but rather a great tutorial around each piece software.
Thanks a lot to Coursera & mentors. I am really very happy for such a wonderful teaching pattern which is not only beginner friendly but interesting & interactive too.
I learned how to use Jupyter Notebook in the IBM Data Science Experience and practically with its proficiency in preparing a notepad along with the Markdown recording.
Useful tools for the beginning data scientist. However I found that all courses listed through this specialization are available for free through Cognitive Class Labs.
Very nice introduction to online tools with simple hands on training. Labs and quizzes are build the confidence of the student whether novice or expert in other areas.
Loved the practical exercises and information. Hands on in the notebooks in a few different environment gave me confidence to try out other things on my own. Thanks.
This course is little tough to clear at Assignment Stage but if your curious and determined then it's just the matter of time and you will start loving DATA SCIENCE.
Thanks for creating this course but while doing it with complete specialization according to first course it feels little hard and not connected with previous course
its a bit challenging for a fresher in computers but with help of faculty support that is compensated .Special thanks to Miss Mallika...I could complete the course.
This course help me as beginner to understand about tools for data science such as rstudio, IBM cloud to create notebook and how to create simple code using phyton
Nicely documented learning. Only suggestion is to update the content of lab where instructions are per the old DSX tool and are not exactly same for Watson studio.
Great course! I learned about so many open source tools for data analysis. I also learned how to use these open source tools at a basic level. FOUNDATION SECURED!
Clear and easy to follow course. very rich in resources and self-learning materials to sharpen your knowledge even if totally new to programming and data science
I enjoyed this level a lot and am astonished by the capabilities of the Watson Studio. I am really glad that I can finally find my way on these powerful tools.
I found this course very useful. I especially enjoyed practice with new markdown tools in Jupyter which were very useful for creating well formatted notebooks.
As elementary as it could be, it's a great introduction to Jupyter Notebooks indeed. But starting from this, I could see farther the reaching of Data Science.
A great course especially for starting with Jupyter Notebook, Zapellin or R studio. IBM Watson Studio is definitively the most crucial aspect of this course
Awesome course. Lots of Learning. These free sources adds lots of ease to your work, its like everything tool you can think of is present in a single place.
Really helpful in terms of getting a knowledge about the main core technologies used in Data Science.I would recommend this course to the absolute beginner.
Course content was good, but IBM watson contents need to be updated and lots of issues while creating project. hopefully it gets resolved for other students
A very good course for anyone who wants an understanding of the opensource tools available for Data Science. I had a very good experience and learnt a lot.
It was helpfull to know which tools you can use, a small presentation of all of them. After, you have to find new tutorial to learn about them more deeply
This course help open a very broad area of tools to use for Data Science I had no idea even existed. I am thrilled and motivated to work on this even more
Excellent introduction to basic open source tools used in data science; however, the content needs updating since the UI of IBM Watson Studio has changed.
I liked very much the content. I know is an easy course, but I'd like to see more of what can be done, the languages etc. Thanks IBM for all this effort!
This is very useful course because I am only know the tool like juypter notebook , but course tells me about other tools like zepline , R studio , Amzing
This course of Open source tools for data science was very helpful in knowing about the tools and technologies which are used in data science techniques.
Very informative course, It offers a gentle introduction to machine learning. And IBM has provided tools worth thousands of dollars for free to learners.
Very informative, organically designed, and has useful lab work to make a great start. I particularly liked the crisp content along with precise videos.
This was informative. I like the tools, as my computers usually can't hold many programs. Some courses are too focused on softskills. This was tangible.
This course taught me how to create Jupiter notebook and use it, very helpful as I'm just a beginner and don't know how to use Jupiter notebooks before
Nice overview of tools available. Regarding the usefullness and the power of the IBM Cloud i wish we would have  digged much mor einto their solutions.
Great course! I learned the generalities of the tools available to start studying data science. And I had the opportunity to build a practical example
This course is really good and give basic ideas about various data science tools viz Jupyter notebook, zeppelin, R Studio IDE, IBM Watson Studio etc.,
This is an amusing course that helps to learn about how to the tools that's needed for data analysing ,data visulazition, in a word for data science.
I got the chance to actually use open source tools like Jupyter Notebook, Zeppelin, RStudio on IBM Watson Studio. The overall experience was Awesome!
I really liked this course. I had no problems at all. I also liked Romeo Keinzler. But, I think this should be labeled an Intermediate level course.
Very interesting because most of the course based on practical. We started to use 4 different data science platform free and practice. Thanks a lot.
This provides a succinct and brief overview of some of the biggest open source software out there, including Python, RStudio, and Jupyter Notebooks.
Very cool course introducing you to open source environment where you can analyse your data sets, learn and practice, and deliver as data scientist.
A great material to get familiar with Watson studio, which combine many kinds of languages. IBM cloud is also a good place to hands-on your project.
Very good and interesting course , you can put your hands on real tools for data science and learn a lot about this tools to apply to your career.
The course is made in very simple language, anyone can learn from this course. The most amazing part of the course is Lab. Love you IBM & COURSERA
Happy to learn the tools that were somehow new to me. It was great to practice as well and good explanation of tools were provided by instructors.
The IBM platform seems was updated and not the same as the description in the course video, if there is an updating it would be perfect. Thanks.
This Course is very important if you want to learn for data Science tools, there are the best tutorials here about the explanation of the Tools
Videos are outdated, as well as its very hard to figure out that how to work with Watson studio, because there free version is full of issues,
I really enjoyed this course. I loved the explanation of the videos and the assignments weren't too hard either. Overall, I really loved it.
I found this course very informative... I knew very little about all these Open Source tools available to Data Scientist for analyzing data.
Great Introduction to open source tools for data science. The hands on labs they were informative and just perfect for introduction purposes
Excellent! I learned various open source tools for data science successfully and now am able to use the tools. Thanks You IBM and Coursera.
Great to separate the tools and environment in this way, so that working out the tool doesn't get in the way of learning the content later.
I love the hands-on with IBM Watson and Skill Network Labs, it's really helpful without set-up my own local environment. Love it so much!!!
This course helps for people who are intermediate to DataScience. We can explore the popular tools and methodologies used for data science.
Great overview of the most common tools. Definitely worth looking at if you're still trying to figure out what forms of coding to focus on.
Course content was good. May want to consider updating some of the videos as some of them do not match with what the IBM UI looks like now.
I am so happy and exited to join this online class.This course is so helpful and because of this course I ve learnt too many useful tools.
I REALLY ENJOYED THIS COURSE. THIS COUSERA PLATFORM IS EXCELLENT TO THE CURIOUS STUDENTS WHO WILLING TO STUDY AND LEARN SPECIALIZATIONS.
Great introduction into the tools of data science! I'm very impressed and thankful for the wealth of resources presented in this course.
The course is really helpful and very much understandable, slow and encouraging. I appreciate it and would recommend this to my friends.
i have learn so many thing like  R studio,juypter and how to visulaize the data etc good course i have recommeneded so much for fresher
Even though some of the course material is outdated, it forced me to figure things out on my own. I feel that is a better way to learn.
Really helpful course, it is really good if you're just starting out and want to get familiar with the tools you might be working with.
IBM and Coursera have done a great course here. In 4 weeks, I have learnt a lot of tools which prepares me for the data science field.
Great course, I learned a lot about Open Source tools for Data Science! I will continue to use Watson Studio and Cognitive Class labs.
This course is very good i experienced skills network lab and watson studio. How to use Rstudio zeppelin jupyter wonderful experience
Great course for people beginning to learn programming or veterans who just haven't used the various tools of the data science trade.
Nice course! Good overview of the tools available in market as well as the use of the IBM toolset for professional Data Science Use.
Very good course to introduce us on tools we should use to do data science jobs, such as jupyter notebooks, r-studio and IBM tools.
A very nice course! Exposes one to the numerous resources out there to help make a data scientist's job easier and more efficient.
The Data Science experience change to Watson studio is great. However, the videos and instructions need to be updated for clarity.
I really appreciate this introduction course, it introduces popular tools which a data scientist would use definitely..Thank you .
Great course to learn about open source online tools and the basics on what Data Scientists are using to develop their researches.
I discovered new tools that I did not know.IBM Watson and Cognitive Lab are awesome. Plus, the benefit of being part of coursera.
It's a very practical course, giving me a direct access to the tools and languages used by Data Scientists all across the globe.
I like the course. It gives brief description to open source tools for Data Science, you can learn about IBM Watson Studio also.
It is the best course on data science in coursera, I have ever took and after taking this course u am confident about my skills
This course is very helpful in understanding different types of Open sources platform regarding data science  and their feature
Great Learning Experience in getting the knowledge on the multiple data science tools with cloud lab, Thanks to the professors.
Great course! The only negative is that the peer-reviewed assignments take more time and it might delay your course completion.
The course is a good starting point to the various tools present and does a good job at making the course taker ease into them.
I like the way we got involved into practice by setting goals which are a bit challenging yet we want to achieve successfully.
Very easy introduction into data science concepts and tools.  Video production and materials are top-notch and easy to digest.
Good introduction to the tools I will be using throughout the course framework. Explanations well laid out and easy to follow.
Although there are some outdated content, the course provides valuable insights ant it's actually worthy the time spent on it.
Good number of open source tools have been given by the course. Hope we get to make use of some of the tools in future course.
It is challenging for me, because I do not know nothing about programming. despite of that, I am enjoying and learning a lot.
Course is a little out-dated, but still manageable.  Would like to see an update to what is actually active on the webpages.
It is one of the best training I have ever accomplished . Each and every module is beautifully designed . Love you Coursera.
Thanks. This was helpful for beginners - but the content Is not up to date. It references an older version of Watson Studio.
Have access to Jupyter
Notebooks, Zeppelin notebooks, and RStudio using IBM's website. Have a basic understanding of coding.
Course was good and explained in detail the difference in the older system and new system which made it easier to work with.
Good but the content was a little outdated. It would be better if it was updated to Watson studio instead or of the old one
A Good start for a fresher in Data Science in terms of getting a hands on R studio and Python in the IBM Cloud environment.
A great course with lots of useful information and knowledge about open source tools for data science. Highly recommend it.
This course makes me know various tools in data science and how to use them appropriately for each specific way of theirs.
Well a great course by IBM. We learned about the open source tools like Jupyter Notebooks, Zeppelin notebooks and RStudio.
Nice overview of different data science tools, though at times it can feel like an advertisement for IBM's cloud platform.
Good Course to have a complete overview of tools to use. This have build my confidence and took me in the right direction.
Good introduction to the various platforms for practicing data science. I liked the peer graded assignment of this course.
Great Introduction into some of the tools one would use as a Data Scientist. I love the subscription to IBM Watson Studio.
Excellent Course to have a better understanding of the environment, Languages, and visualization of the different tools.
if you want to gain experience about a nice online tools for data science field thenthat's the place you should be there
This course was tough but good. I'm excited to learn a new skill, one I hope will increase my worth in the near future.
thank you for the great course, it opened my mind on what tools are available and commonly used in data science world.
Very useful labs and instructions. Some of the Watson Studio part is a outdated since the interface has changed a lot.
Good to start with the basics about the open-source tools which are ready to use for exploring the data science field.
I liked the course very much  and it is very helpful to understand all the open source tools to practice data science.
One thing, the promo code did not work for me. Most of the options on Watson studio are new. Please review. Thank you.
It gave a good basic insight into the tools and the assignments were fun. So far I am enjoying this course very much.
Wonderful explanation of basics of open-source tools. Really like. The best is the homework at the end of the course.
Though slightly technical for beginners, considering the learning required to complete the course, it is really good.
Good introduction to a variety of tools. Watson studio is really a great resource for learning the data science tools
Whew!  This was the BEST!  I learned how to code in Jupyter Notebook using Python.  Now I know what these tools are!
Get to know about resources offered by IBM cloud and basics of notebook.Happy with the course content for beginners.
good.  educator must show each step how to open jupyter notebook. and also provide the link of that which is missing
I'm happy to learn those wonderful tools. They look really helpful and funny. I can't wait to explore more and more!
Gives a basic, yet good understanding of the available tools online without having to download any of the software.
This course was just Amazing it gave me a quick tour about how to use IBM data science Experience and its notebooks
This course has laid good foundation to use and leverage the open source tools needed for practicing data science.
The course is perfectly designed to provide an overview of the state-of-the-art open source tools in data science.
I had Jupyter Notebook installed on my laptop for months. Thanks to this course, now I know what do to with it ;-)
I learned a lot about what tools are available to do Data Science, and what IBM has to offer for the same purpose.
This is a great class for those who want to become familiar with the tools and software that data scientists use.
Excellent. I suggest to update the slides with Watson studio. It took me a while to find where the notebooks are.
This course gave me the confidence that I can in fact learn about Data Science and excites me to learn even more!
Its a fantastic way to start learning about R, Python, Spark, R Studio. Watson Studio is such a great interface.
Course very thoroughly describes all the open-source tools for Data Science. Guided notes as well. Very helpful.
It helps me a lot to clear my doubt and help me to understand how to use various type of tools for data science.
I am learning so much; delivery method, content and structure of this course is intoxicatingly exciting and fun.
The course gives an introduction to the Data Science tools , namely Watson Studio, Zeppelin & Jupyter Notebooks.
Good introduction about interactive notebooks, tools for data science. looking forward to become data scientist
At the beginning overwhelmed but the videos and interactive exercises helped me understand the tools presented.
A great insight into the basics of some open softwares required to kick-start your journey into Data Sciences!
The IBM Watson studio section needs an update, apart from that it is very easy to use and hosts great content.
A practical tools learned from this course which are very helpful specifically a person like me new to course
I like this Course on Coursera. Thank you Coursera for giving us the opportunity to be Part of the IBM family
Great experience using these tools for the first time. I feel ready to use them in more complicated projects!
Very good course for a Beginner or an Expert that wants to learn about the Data Sciences Tools in IBM Cloud.
it's
educative course & I really enjoy it. giving me introduction of several useful tools on data science.
Course short but quite effective nice brief overview of all the major tools for data science was provided.
Easy to follow and complete assignments. It opens a whole new world of  open source tools for Data Science
This was a fantastic course. I an truly excited about the new skills learned and gained from this course.
thank you provide this type course for us we have learn different tools for data science than you so much
This was a great class.  The materials were challenging and I learned a great of information.  Thank you.
Very useful content and excellent course delivery. I'm motivated to continue with the remaining courses.
I thought it was a great introduction into the tools for someone who has zero prior experience, like me.
Thank you very much for the excellent presentation of the material and the available intellectual tasks.
This course help me to understand and used to all the necessary tools which are required in data science
Description and practice of the main data science tools. Great introduction to the world of Data Science
Greate way to teach tools for data science.Thanks Cousera & IBM for adding addional value in my career.
Pretty good overall, was a little bit confusing at times(change between ibm watson en data experience)
Very useful and very informative course. Thank you very for coursera for making this course available.
Its very nice and easy to learn course. Easy steps r given .for beginner we should go for this. thanks
It Explains all the different open source tools which we can use to explore in Data Science Technology
I really feel like I learned a lot, and gained a significant amount of confidence using these systems.
An awesome course that opens one up to  a whole new world of tools for doing amazing things with data!
The course covered key areas of Watson Studio and offered interactive engagement. Wonderful experience
Nice course! This course gives good knowledge to potentially use some powerful tools in Data Science.
I have learnt different platforms and coding subjects. Thank you on the facilitation of course works.
Course was very informative. We learnt about the tools which can be used for data science methodology
great learning material very satisfied, so much information that we need as Data Scientist. Thank you
Good introduction to the open source tools and provides opportunity to gain knowledge on these tools.
Wonderful, enjoy learning this course. It helps a lot with overview and easy to understand materials
Learnt a lot. Given me the zeal to continue  learning more details about  data science related tools
lts a great course to introduce those IBM open source tools for Data Science. Recommend to everyone!
A good beginning of data science, provide very good tools for learner, they are nice and easy to use
Excellent overview on using IBM Watson data platform and various open source tools for data science.
Very Good content with lots of hands on experince activities which makes learning even more easier.
Was great!But I miss more practical exercises and how it may be a complete process in Watson Studio
it was good but i am not getting forward courses like DS methodology , and all.sir please  help me.
Very informative and I learnt a lot from professionals. Now I'm more confident in my field of work.
It introduces the different tools and the platform which you can use the tools. Easy to understand!
A lot of insights are shared in this course. Can feel a little bit overwhelming but just persevere.
Really informative course for the beginner to learn about the free tools available for data Science
Very well explained...It will help in clearing doubts about tools and technology available for ML.
instructor is very good. Explaining all the concepts very clearly and pace of course is also good.
Great  introduction to the Skills Network Lab. Also, the quizzes and assignments were interesting.
Good introductory to various open source tools with examples. It's not overwhelming for beginners.
GREAT COURSE MADE ME KNOW WHAT IS WORLD AROUND ME DOING WHILE I AM STILL DOING NORMAL PROGRAMMING.
Very nice and interesting course. I learned a lot about the tools required to work in Data Science
The purpose of course is to introduce the tools for data science and it rightly serve the purpose
A very good step by step procedure and explanation, how to use Jupyter Notebook in Watson Studio.
Perfect course for the begenners .It introduces to different work spaces.Watson studio is awesome
This course is structured well, easy to understand instructions along with step by step guidance.
I wish to unenroll Fromm this course, eobi could apply for another due to very personal reasons.
Good article and video content and just the right amount of writing code to make it interesting!
That was an amazing course. The tools that I've learned is very useful.
Thanks Coursera and IBM.
Amazing learning material. Very detailed curriculum designed for students to learn with concepts
Developed preliminary understanding of open source tools used in data science. Good for a start.
Excellent course to get hands on experience on open source tools available for data scientists.
Thanks to coursera and IBM for letting me this opportunity to take a step forward data science.
It is an excellent course for people with zero experience in this field, absolutely recommended
Learned a lot about the different open-source data science environments and their capabilities.
I was knowing about R and Jupyter note book and i was not knowing about the zepplien notebook.
Very exciting to discover and know there that such amazing open source tools for data analysis
I have to go back  and redo a test  the system said I miss a test that was not true, not cool
Wonderful experience for the people who wish to have hands-on experience of IBM Watson Studio
I think overall it's an awesome overview of the available open source tools for data science.
Great course for becoming familiar with data scientist tools. Highly recommend for beginners.
Very intuitive and through introduction of tools needed to start the learning of Data Science
Awesome , i love what an incredible online open soure for data scientist. Let's do something.
This was a great and informative course that tauught the basics of programming Data Science.
loved this module . I enjoyed that it was very hands on and fun. cant wait for the next one.
Super Tools and Techniques and Cloud Infrastructure is good. IBM watson Studio is beautifull
very nice course. It will introduce all opensource tools and platforms used for data science
I enjoyed the hands-on activities in this course. Looking forward to more exciting ventures.
A very good course for learning about tools required for Data Science and basic level usage.
A lot of good info, a few glitches but overall easy to follow. The final assignment is fun!
This is a good introduction to a scalable enterprise platform, record keeping, and sharing.
Interesting to see some of the main tools I will be using. It makes it all a bit more real.
This is really a well-organized course. Data science aspirant should enroll in this course.
all about basics  of languages Pyton jupitor notes, Zepplin, R studio and IBM watson studio
The course is good. However, there are some lessons whose links/platform should be updated.
Great intro to the various open source tools in a well structured and easy to follow format
You will be acquainted all you need data science tools in the market. Perfect and organized
Amazing, before this course I was only aware about Jupytor notebooks, this helped me a lot.
This course is a useful introduction to useful tools for applying data science techniques.
This is a very good course, provides great alternatives to traditional data science tools.
Very good course, useful to understand all the tools a data scientist use in the IBM cloud
Good course in general. It's great to have access to so many free tools, including watson.
Great curse! I really learned how to use the tools and understood how important they are.
Loved the course but the course must be updated because the UI of IBM Watson has changed.
I enjoy the thorough instructions while enabling curiosity and going further individually
Very nicely explain and brief information related to Open source tools  for Data Science.
Good introductory course to different open source tools which are used by data scientist.
Beautifully explained the working of the Jupyter Notebook, RStudio, IBM Watson, Zeppelin.
very useful and easy to understand for someone who is not from computer or IT background
Its a very good informative course for different types of open source data science tool.
Was one of the greatest insights on the fundamental tools making Data Science a reality.
I've learnt many things with this course. Now I feel ready to learn Data Science deeper.
It was such a great course , thanks coursera ,thanks IBM and thanks great instructor .:)
Very amazing course, full of knowledge and easy to follow instructions...one of the best
This course gives us handful of experience on what we learn. Very beautifully designed.
It gives me a general idea about of each open source tools for Data Science. Very good!
Course provided very good basic understanding of analytics tool including Watson Studio
Great overview and application of some of the tools required for data science projects.
Great learning experience. Thanks to all trainer and my peers for sharing the knowledge
Great lecture on learning what open source tools are available and how to utilize them!
This course familiarized me with many useful tools and platforms in Data science field
it's a very helpful course it taught me too much about the open tools for data science
This course was an excellent introduction to the many tools available in Data Science.
Good introduction to Jupyter and Zeppelin notebooks, which are in general very useful.
It helped me to really open my mind about the possibilities in the data science world.
So well explained and presented that an absolute beginner can grasp all the details...
It was nice to learn about the IBM cloud tools available, including IBM Watson Studio.
thank you so much sir for creating this course which is very helpful for data science.
Excellent introduction about open source tools for data science in IBM Watson Studio.
I really enjoyed the hands on aspect of this course. Looking forward to the next one.
Great course, i would add more practice lessons, also more mobile friendly materials.
one of the best course to know  about and practice Open Source tools for data Science
A basic course going over the open source tools necessary to self-study data science.
Very well done as introduction of the tools needed to be successful in data science.
Very engaging and resourceful. I thoroughly enjoyed the coursework. I learned a lot.
Great course to get familiarized with the available tools for Data Science beginner.
Amazing course and I have learn how to work with open source tools for data science.
Rich content, yet easy to follow and understand for a beginner without any knowledge
Very good introductory course  to some basic and important tools for data scientist.
Very useful introduction for the tools in the Watson studio and Cognitive Class Lab.
This is one of the best program for Data science for non computer science students.
Excellent course for those looking for useful tools to start learning data science!
Great to start with Data Science tool,about open source data tool working ,features
This course helped me to extend my knowledge of Open Source tools for Data Science.
Course was an intro to various tools available for exploring in data. Good overview
open source tools can make me to code at evey  where just only needing a comcupter.
It is best course for beginners. The things are explained  by most simplified way.
I got the Idea about almost all the tools and usage in the field of data science.
very good course with step by step guide for learning about all the related tools
this course helped me to learn about various tools and how to access and use them
it is nice to get experience on open source tools,very good teaching line to line
Well balanced course material for beginners to learn about the open source tools.
Absolutely loved it .A very good Course which makes learning a joyful experience.
Introduces the sources used in Data Science in a very easy but applicable manner.
Really good program for learning truly useful open source tools for Data Science.
Good short introduction to using notebooks across various data science platforms.
Thank you for the great content, keep improving if there's any room for doing so.
The IBM Skills Network Lab keeps disconnect and is insanely slow. It's stupid af.
Useful intro to the tools & good to get access to the free IBM Cloud environment.
Fun course. Explored more data science tools to use outside of python/R/Jupyter.
Good introduction to the currently available diverse pool of data science tools!
I'm satisfied with this course. which is a good opportunity to all to get a job.
This give the basic understanding on tools and programming used in Data Science.
I never expect to learn so much in this course before I enrolled and learned it.
Very Benificial Course it helped a lot to start me with Python and Data Science.
Thanks IBM and Coursera for helping me fall in love with data science once again
I like very much this course,  I goint to recommend this course with my partners
Good starting platform. Strongly recommended to others who are interested in it.
Awesome introduction to open source tools, enjoyed the tutorials and assessment.
Good course for beginners in Data Science who wants to use opensourse technology
please provide more videos on how to work in IBM watson studio.i had a hard time
This course was useful in teaching all the basic tools required for data science
Interesting and informative. There are good sources listed for deeper learning.
This was a great introduction to the open-source tools available in the market.
This is a basic course for a beginner level learner to get hang of Data Science
Brief introduction for where to find and how to use the open source data tools.
Course so far so good. The course navigation on Coursera is not up to the mark.
Very good for beginners. Overview of the open source tools to get familiarized.
Easy and fast way to learn the introduction of the cloud tools for data science
Interesting tools have I ever seen in the first I become join to Data Science.
I learnt something new order than Jupyter Notebooks, learnt Zeppelin Notebooks
Great online Data Science course, open my view about the data scientist world.
Kindly update the videos in the course to match the changes in IBM watson site
Excelent Course. Very practical, a different course . Very Fast and intuitive.
Great introductions to some widely-used open-source tools for data scientists
Very helpful to understand different IDEs that can be used for data analysis.
An excellent introduction to IBM Watson, RStudio, Jupyter notebooks and more!
Very usefulI had to work really hard, so I've got so much knowledge from here
Very useful open source tools that can be used for data science and analytics
In this course, I used various different functionality of IBM Watson Studio.
Great course with some hands on to understand what data science is all about
I liked this course and it cleared approx all my doubts regarding notebooks.
A great course to step in the open tools and create projects  for a beginner
Really a good course introducing Jupyter notebooks and R, among other tools.
It was great course to understand about the tools essential for data science
This course gave me an excelente base to start doing more jobs in this field
Excellent Course it gives all basic information about tools for data science
very good content. Now I have more knowledge about open sources. SO amazing.
Great overview of the tools we'll be using in the rest of the certification.
Simple, effective and quick overview of the great tools for data analytics.
Best Course for starting and have a look at the basics of coding languages.
Good course for better exposure in open source tools used for data science.
Easy to learn and great tools that I had no idea existed until this course!
It gave a good basis on what kind of tools are being used for data science.
Excellent introduction to relevant open source tools used in  Data Science.
The course was very instructive! Thanks a lot for your effort and time! :)
Great, I now have some insights of the various tools  used in data science
The course is great for having a hands-on experience in IBM Watson Studio.
It's really a good learning experience. They teach each step methodically.
Great introduction to Jupyter Notebooks, Apache Spark and Apache Zeppelin!
Great introductory course to free open source tools when working with Data
Some part of the video did not match the current date practical experience
It's an interesting course about main tools for beginners data scientists.
Thank for providing me knowledge about open source tools for data science.
Useful course to get the most used tool for Data Science, very recommended
Good intro but video screens no longer match the IBM Watson Studio screens
Best Course to know more about data science and the mainly used languages
improving the latest version videos might more helpful for IBMtson studio
The tutor has a great knowledge of the subject. I just loved this course.
you can be an absolute beginner and benefit from this absolutely worth it
Outstanding! I really had to dig i and pay attention to details this week
Very good learning on tools and stepwise learning method is very helpfull
A step by step introduction to Data Science Tools and Watson environment.
Excellent course content, Extremely satisfied. Thanks to course designer.
Great introduction to the various open source tools used in Data Science.
It makes you have a broader view of all the data science tools available
Thumps up to the facilitators and the contributors of the material here.
I learned soooo much with this review. wow really enjoying this program.
Best Data science course,well explained with  all data science concepts.
Pretty good and useful program. Great to learn the basics and the tools.
Great course to get one's feet wet with the open source tools available.
This course gives us an overview of all the open source tools available.
The opportunities to use Watson Studio for solving problems are endless.
It's excited to know another text editor but jupyter notebook, thank you
I learn about Data Science tools that help to visualize data in graphs.
Great Experiences, learned lots of details data tools, will pursue more
Is good to get to know the tools, but you do not acquire actual skills.
This is an excellent module. I thoroughly enjoyed the practice sessions
Exception introduction to the tools and the powerful IBM Watson Studio!
This course really honed in on the foundation of data science with IBM.
Excellent way of getting introduced to such amazing data science tools.
Nice exposure to open source tools available for studying Data Science.
One of the best course to look into different data science environment.
Awesome Course with awesome instructors. Thumbs Up to Coursera and IBM.
The course was very well presented. It was a great learning experience.
Super useful tools and tutorials that answered my questions for a year!
This course was well structured and easy to follow.  Very informative.
Very detailed explanation about the tools that we use in Data Science.
Another curse closer to the IBM Data Science Professional certificate.
Course Introduced me to IBM cloud and notebooks in in which is amazing
Very good course and learned about open source tools for data science.
Good course on covering open source tools available for data sceintist
This has truly been an awesome experience for me to continue learning.
nice course .learn about some open source tools which are very useful.
Great summary about open tools for Data Science and IBM Watson Studio.
Very informative and easy to understand lectures . Thank you so much..
Would be great to keep video updated in accordance with updated tools
thanks a lot for providing the necessary overview over so many tools!
Orientation for the student to some tools used within the profession.
Great course to experience different data science softwares virtually
Very good course ! But I would love to have a bit harder assignments!
This. Course gives you all tools you will need to be a data scientist
This course so amazing, everything tools ini this course so powerful
Everything is explained very well, just pay attention and take notes
A very well-organized course. Full of free resources to get hands-on
it was a great course in which the best part was of jupyter notebook
Thanks for the coursera for providing a wonderful learning platform.
Quite a gap between this one and the first one, taking some momentum
Very simple and helpful course to start with tools for Data Science.
In this course, I was able to learning how to use amazing IBM tools!
A little outdated video-wise, but otherwise helpful and interesting.
Its good course to know basic knowledge about tools for data science
A great little intro to get the people coding with open source tools
I got to know about some new tools like zeppelin notebook IBM Watson
It is one of the best course to learn various data science workbench
The training successfully achieves introducing the tools used in DS.
The course was informative and I really the hands on Labs as well .
Give good intro to student, i like it. i will continue to study it.
awsome  tool for data science earned skill thanks for the education
Nice platform to learn for beginners and experienced professionals.
As a starting point to get hands-on with tool, it was a good course
Nice course to learn about the tools that are sued in Data science.
Gives a good overview of various open source tools for data science
Really thorough introduction to open source tools for Data science
Excellent content with easy-to-follow instructions and lab guides.
Learned lots of new things about Data Science tools. Thanks a lot!
An excellent course for new learners in the field of Data Science.
Buy the promised, very good course.
We learned about various tools
The material very detail and newbie can learn it without pressure.
Thank you IBM the course is well structure and self understanding.
It was tough at the beginning....but at the end it became clearer!
Good teaching of Open Source tools for Data Science

Keep it up...
As a beginning in using some tools of Data Science, it is perfect.
Very interactive course to learn the tools and get familiar with .
Great course give overview of Open sources tools like Data Science
Broader view of the tools to support the data scientist activities
Very good introduction to various tools with emphasis on IBM tools
This is good course for data science. I learned from this course.
Give me a good knowledge about tools we can use for data science.
Good course on introduction to open source tools for data science
Good start to have an understanding of tools used in Data Science
Great course for learning about the common tools for data science
It was very nice course on introduction to the open source tools
The course was excellent covering all the basics for a beginner.
Good and very informative module. Well explained all the tools .
Videos should be updated to the new version of IBM Watson Studio
Awesome course for beginners who want to understand data science
It was very helpful for me to be able to know all these sources.
Good introduction of the tools to start working on data science.
Good introduction of a few open source data analytics platforms.
Nice videos with hands on availability using Skills network labs
Great intro to IBM Watson and some core tools for Data Science!
EXCELENT, MORE TIME ABOUT THE TOOLS AND NOT ABOUT CONFIGURATION
Nice explanation of tools that are almost used in data science.
this course is a great introduction to theses open source tools
Very useful intro to data science tools + lots of free stuff :)
it's a great course. Thanks for allowing me to take the course.
Watson exp is awesome, I am happy to see IBM SPSS Modeler there
Great course to know about open source tools for Data Science!!
Excellent course.  Learned a lot in this course as an amateur.
Indeed It was good experience learning new data science tools.
The course  introduced me to new tools. This was very helpful.
A very nice and completed overview to the Data Science Tools ¡
A great course on open source tools available on IBM platform.
Very helpful and give me a sound picture of data science tools
Great course, gradual and engaging pace. Love IBM and Coursera
It is very informative.. Hands-on practices are very helpful.
excellent course with great and clear understanding of topics
After using these tools I know how to program in these tools.
A lot of useful information presented in a very simple way :)
Awesome course.Interesting Topics.Awesome Teaching.Thank you.
Here is the best practical knowledge about data science tool.
Great tool to learn new technologies to get into data science
Very nice presentation of the tools. Plenty of use and value.
A good introduction about open source tools for Data Science.
Really good and the labs and projects fully complemented it!
It has been a great learning for me to know about IBM tools.
Very insightful and easy to understand. Highly recommended!!
Very nice approach short videos , hands on practice of tools
Enjoyed this course. Great in understanding IBM cloud tools.
An excellent course to start learning the Data Science Tools
A great introduction to the open source tools and notebooks.
A very well designed course - easy to follow and understand!
I am happy with your data science course. it is very for me
The course give a definitional  overview of different tools
You touch the numerous features of Watson Studio and Cloud.
It was amazing course. Easy to understandable.Thank you IBM
Great tutorials on how to use open-source tools. Enjoyable.
it helps me to get to know different open source tools fast
great to have learnt about all of these tools and platform!
I enjoyed the course. This one is my first Coursera course.
Great course to start to know the sources for data science.
Excellent course to learn the basic tools of data science.
Great Experience about Data Science And Thanks to Coursara
The Watson Studio and the last weeks labs are not parallel
Learnt how to use Watson Studio.It was a great experience.
Excellent intro to the open source tools for data science.
I obtained the knowledge of various tools for Data science
A great course to learn about the basic open source tools.
Awesome course and well designed curriculum for beginners!
Nice breakdown of some of the tools used for Data Science.
keep me in context of the tools used for doing datascience
the level is rising and questions are becoming challenging
These courses are so wonderful to learn the data science.
great introductory course that cover practical assignment
I've learned many new things related to open source tools
Very good and the tools are great to work on data science
Great introduction to the tools that Data Scientists use!
great introduction how to use some tools for data science
This course structure and content delivery are very good.
Step by step directions enabled me used Jupiter notebook.
Thank You Coursera and IBM for providing me this course.
Great course to learn about de IBM toll for data science
Great benefit and thank you for the valuable information
I learnt a lot in this course. It's worth it. Thank you.
A Well briefed about open source tools for data science.
Good CourseIt's practical and well organized! well done!
Very nice course. Thank you for the learning i received.
plse up date the notese if there is any changes thats it
thanks  for introducing me all tool use for data science
Excellent course. Practical and very eaesy way lo learn.
It is must have for a newbie in Data Science. Thank you.
Very insightful on some of the tools used in  DS and DA.
Good start with familiarizing with Data Science Tools :)
This course was a really helpful introduction/refresher!
learned and explored a lot about data science practicals
Great course, interesting starter kit for IBM offerings.
Great set of tools and great introduction to all of them
I encourage Data Science enthusiast to take this course
The basic's elements for the beginners. I learned a lot
Great course. Practical example given and it's concise.
Very Nice course to setting up data science environment
really helpful online materials. Great practice review.
Nice intro to the basic free tools used in data science
It was an interesting subject and I enjoyed learning it
This is such a wonderful course with abundant knowledge
Reinforced many concepts I was looking to improve upon.
It was excellent, I enjoyed learning and my experience.
Excellent! Very didatic even for one who's quite dummy.
Excellent overview of the data science tools landscape.
good (gentle) introduction into IBM Watson environment.
This is a great course, very detailed and interesting.
Great course as an introduction to Data science tools!
Wonderfully Designed Course in the field Data Science.
Great introduction to the various resources available.
Well organized and easy to follow all the instructions
course really helped me in learning Data science tool.
Great overview and hands on of the Data Science tools.
A great course with simple but useful practical tasks.
Great. Lots of new tools info are provided. Great work
Great introduction to various tools for Data Science!
It was nice to know and learn these open source tools
Gives overview of tools required and how to use them.
Awesome course for beginner and intermediate learner.
I can't believe i created my first  Jupyter Note book
Good class to know the basic tools for data scientist
Excellent synopsis, very clear and easy to understand
Nice brief overview of ibm opensource tools available
We need some more practice course on Jypter notebook.
content was well designed and very promising to learn
it very interesting learn into tools of data science
I learnt a lot from this course, Thank You Coursera!
Great Introduction to data Science Open Source tools
This is the best persuasive course I have ever taken
Very good platform to learn Python, R, Jupyter, etc.
Thanks you for your lessons based on  watson studio!
Good intro to Apache Zeppelin and Jupyter Notebooks!
got lot of new knowledge thank you Coursera and IBM
Very clear explanations and good hands on exercises
Nice overview of open source tools for data science
Good course for introduction tools of data science.
The Course is Great and well structured for beginer
interesting to get basics clear on jupyter notebook
Need to update the demo video for IBM Watson Studio
Essential for whom wants to work with data science.
I feel very prepped to work with Jupyter Notebooks!
It was great to discover Zeppelin and the IBM Cloud
Learned a lot about the tools used in data science.
Super awesome cloud based data science tools guide.
Great Introduction to tools needed in data science.
A lot of cool tools which i will use in my projects
Great course to understand the Data Science tools.
i want to just say very much understandable course
i had so much fun while learning a lot! Thank you.
The course content is very useful, very practical.
I enjoyed it a lot. I recommended it to my friends
loved this course.this was quite an good experince
Excellent class for beginners that is well taught.
Good practical way to learn the data science tools
Say hi to virtual environments just with internet.
Covered a good range of tools in reasonable detail
Great Class if you are trying to get new skills !!
One of the best course for tools on data science.
Very good understanding of tools for data science
A good intro into open source data science tools.
Great source of knowledge to step in Data Science
Very good overview of Tools and platforms to use!
the ibm watson lab was a great experience indeed.
One of the informative courses available online.
Thank you so much for providing the best course.
the course is a brief introduction to the tools.
it was an excellent  course for begin-er like me
Good introductory course for data science tools.
Very easy to understand and the pace is perfect!
Good overview of tools used by data scientists..
It's a good way to introduce Data Science Tools!
It is very helpful for beginners in Data Science
I love the style in which the course was taught.
good i had some troubles but i found out the way
WAS SO AUSOME ,THANKS TO COURSERA AND IBM GROUP.
great course, hands on practice with tools in DS
Cool Learning content with deep understanding..!
Good Course t know about the Data Science Tools
This is very well Structured and helpful Course
Great Experience with the tools of data science
Nice and practical view of some important tools
I like the way of lecturer deliver the material
Great introductory course to data science tools
Good information and tools that I like to use.
Great learning experience! Thank you coursera.
Very basic stuff, but a well-organized course.
Awesome introduction to tools of Data Science
Excellent Coursera provided quality education
An excellent tutorial for Data Science tools.
A great and simple way to impart knowledge :)
Awesome platform to learn about data science.
Good entry level review of available DS tools
Good introductory course to open source tools
It´s ok, but it is outdated in the last week.
I learned a lot about Tools for Data Science
This is a good And informative course indeed
this course is basically all about IBM tools
Very clear and simple to follow instructions
Thank you for this opportunity, it was 10/10
Informative and hands on experience on tools
Learn a lot here and expected to learn more.
very interactive and detailed for a beginner
It is very cool source. I love it very much.
Very interesting and well explained course.
Very clear notes. Very good demonstrations.
Gives a overall image of Data science tools
Good overview of the tools for data science
Good info. Nothing deep. Anticipating more.
awesome course , thanks to Coursera and IBM
I always learn a LOT with IBM and Coursera!
Awesome course.. learned lot of new things.
thank you very mush for this amazing course
I will add excellent tools to my daily work
Well documented and easy to read and learn!
Good ,learned something new and interesting
A great introduction for open source tools!
excellent course and very clearly explained
Good coverage of tools used in Data Science
its a good introduction of the source tools
Details and learning was too good, thanks.
An excellent way to get to know the tools.
Well designed and very easy to understand.
Great Coarse. Program was very structured.
I had a great time using Jupyter Notebook!
Very informative, precise and encouraging.
Provides a good overview for first timers.
Great Course introducing us to these tools
It's an excellent course, great learning.
Thank you! It was interesting experience.
Really nice tools to learn how to use it!
Content comprehensive and easy to follow.
nice overview of OS tools from IBM Watson
I had an amazing learning ins this course
This is an excellent and engaging course.
Very clear and detailed course, i love it
Great course content. little bit robotic.
Really enjoyed the end of course project
Very great course! I enjoyed it! Thanks.
Great tools and a very interesting topic
Very good coverage of open source tools.
great course for open source tools idea.
I have learnt a lot through this course.
As before, you are second to none, guys!
Great introduction to open source tools!
Nice introduction to some useful tools.
I love this course. I am most satisfied
Good Career Development Training Course
it clears all basic concept of notebook
Great introduction especially to Zeplin
Good for Basic Understanding as a theme
A great overview of the available tools
Highly Skill oriented and Informative..
nice introduction to the tools required
Great Course and very fast for learning
great introduction! very easy to follow
very nice videos for tools introduction
Practical, useful, step-by-step Course
Very nice course with great materials!
Amazing course thanks to all teachers.
very interesting and hands-on practice
It's too useful step towards my career
I thought the course was very helpful!
Introduction of plenty of useful tools
Simple and Quick Overview of the tools
Course is designed well for beginners
amazing starter course for beginners!
Very clear instructions and teaching.
Gets you ready for data science tools
nice discription of open source tools
Excelent for start to use this tools.
Great course to use open source tool.
Very good. A lot of good information.
Great course. I learned a lot. Thanks
Nicely made course. Great knowledge.
Really nice introduction to OS tools
Great overview of Data Science tools
Good content and very well explained
thanks for the important information
Excellent, easy to follow very clear
A good start with data science tools
Accessible for different backgrounds
Good Informative Course about tools.
I am excited about the next courses!
helpful to get knowledge about tools
Its Great to use Open source tools..
Please do check the submission fast.
Nice to learn more open source tools
Great course! Thank you Coursera :)
it was a good way to know the tools
overall it was good for a beginner.
Great intro to some powerful tools.
very nice and easily understandable
Great coures, very powerfull tool!
introduction to some advnced tools
Great course. I'm glad to take it.
Content was perfect &  informative
Really nice tool for Data Science.
Very well structured and delivered
I really enjoyed doing this course
Very general overall but necessary
Excellent and hands-on experience.
awesome course, great expalnations
Good overview of open source tools
Challenging but I learned so much!
Hard but inyetesting and educative
Very well explained and documented
It Amazing I enjoyed course a lot
Fantastic course, really liked it
Easy to follow, very informative.
It's been a great learning curve.
Awesome Course and very practical
Good course for meeting new tools
Easy to follow and nice tutorials
Great intro to IBM Watson Studio.
Great Course with Deep Insights.
I was more involve in practicals
good guidance with the materials
Great. It's really fun to learn!
Nice exposure to the IDE options
Good sample of open source tools
Good teacher and good references
Lots of fun and I learned allot.
Thanks for the best explanations
good explanation of latest tools
Fun and easy project at the end!
Great  with interactive handson
Nice videos about Tools. Thanks
Nice content and representation
very good and intresting course
Pretty simple, but pretty good.
This was the great experience.
Superb explanation and content
Amazing, comprehensive course!
Introduction are well prepared
Good Starting for data science
Interesting and informative :)
Easy Understanding and useful!
Pretty good course recommended
powerful tool and ease to use.
I had fun doing the assignment
Good Content with Hands on !!
This course was very helpful.
good course for the begineers
Easy, clear, and to the point
Introduction to DS & ML tools
The screenshots are outdated.
Exceptional on hands training
it is an overall good course
The teacher was really nice.
The assignment is very cool!
The course is really helpful
explains clearly from basics
why I didn't got IBM badge ?
This course was very useful!
Nice mix of theory and labs.
Good intro for all the tools
Great and challenging course
this is many helpful  for me
Every to understand course/.
I really enjor this process.
Very Helpful course for me.
I love this program so far!
Really great introduction!!
by this course i learn alot
Nice material and examples!
Good to learn from coursera
It's all about open source!
Great course for Beginners!
was really good i like it.
the course is just awesome
great explanation of tools
Learn a lot by this course
Content is up to the mark.
Good one to start hands on
Thank You, Amazing Course
thank you, this was great
beautifully taught course
Well details and hands on
It was a pleasant journey
Perfect for new learners!
it was great learn center
Great course - thank you!
Useful and good to learn
It was great learning..!
Really useful grounding.
Excelent course! thanks
Great Course I Love It.
Well thought out course
fairly basic and simple
Very well I learned lot
Enjoyed the assignment.
Very good introduction.
nice platform to learn
Learnt some new things
Cool foundation course
Really great course !.
Very practical course!
more than expectation
Just awesome .... !!!
it's very nice course
nice tools and tricks
Mind-opening material
An awesome experience
Good hands on tools !
Exactly what you need
Very Nice to explore
very good resources!
Excellent! teaching.
It was a great class
Educational Indeed !
Perfect as promised.
Interesting Course!
Enlightening course
Hands on trainning.
perfectly explained
Wonderfully created
easy to understand
its really helpful
Excellent teaching
It's very helpful.
Great course guys!
Very useful tools!
Thanks so much! :)
Very useful tools
VERY USEFUL TOOLS
Wonderful course!
Very good content
Easy but powerful
Good Information
Awesome content.
perfectly taught
This is awesome!
Awesome Delivery
Learnt new stuff
awesome course.
Recommended!!!!
Very good class
great learnings
Its really nice
Easy to follow!
Very Practical
Worth the time
Great insights
Enjoy learning
Pretty Helpful
Muy intuitivo
Crystal Clear
good toturial
Interesting..
Good overview
A Great one.
great tools!
Great Tools!
Great...!!!
good course
Nice tools!
wounderfull
That's good
Great Corse
It was hard
It's great
Good class
very Nice
