Too much introduction. There is no need to spend so much time on it. People that take this course usually understand what is data science. they need to learn real knowledge, not spend the whole week on introduction.
Too basic. If you live under a rock and have never heard of Data Science, a Data Scientist or any terms related to this industry then this is a wonderful course for you. For everyone else, it is a total waste of time.
Very, very basic... completely useless and a waste of time. I feel like the only purpose of this course is to drag out the certification process so that it costs you more money...
This course is not consistent with someone who would sign up for an entire certificate. This course is more suitable as a recruitment tool for a certificate program. Watching these videos was an absolute waste of my time.
Should this even be a course? Like they just say things that anyone can find the first thing on google if search you data science.
Poor course overall, not much "meat". An introduction to the subject that could have been given in one hour of lessons.
useless, wasting time
The course seems poorly pieced together with videos from Big Data University - which is now known as Cognitive Class. There is mainly little coherence into what the course is trying to teach in all the videos. Readings were given on a rather low resolution image file - that makes it difficult to read and kinda 1990s feel. Is it that difficult to save the pdf in text or include a higher res image file?Similar to the point that a data science report should indicate the details and affiliations of the person writing the report, many speakers in the videos apart from the two professors does not have any background information. Who are they? Where are they from? What background are they speaking from? All these are important context for learning. I did learn something from the final assignment though. However, that was personal reflection and learning from peers. Thinking whether I should continue with this course.
Waste of time. Most of the material was "fluff" about data science. What was actually useful could have been accomplished with a 2-3 page pdf. Only finished it, because I'm taking it as part of the IBM specialization through my work. I REALLY hope the other courses are more useful and worth the time. Very disappointed in this course.
A very basic and shallow introduction to data science. Too much hand-holding and too much time spent discussions of little value. Ideal for someone who is very young and very new to the field., everyone else should avoid it.
This cannot be considered as  a course  it tells some general info about the experience of some professors but  nothing technical,  of course it's useful but it's not really worth it
The course doesn't teaches anything except for explaining data science benefits and examples.
I'm sorry to give a low rating, but this course is condescending.  Some of the statements are also opinions that contradict things you will hear in other courses, not to mention that a great part of the course is obvious, academic approaches and even how to structure a report like a thesis. This course added absolutely nothing to my knowledge. You're better off reading a recent blog post, or simply an introduction from a good book on applied ML/data science.
This course is borderline insulting!The entire course content could be summaries on half A4 page.The video clips are interviews with people working in the field. the reading material either reiterate the video clip content or presents a new concept in an elementary school level.
I dont appreciate the Peer-graded assessment part. It is simply not acceptable to be reliant on other students for assessment. This is just lazy.
For what?
i thought a lot of questions were subjective at aimed at the academic field. It neglected to refer to real world situations and jobs, which is where the majority of learners will surely be coming from. Probably a little bit my own perspective, but I dislike when Data Scientists big them up to be so much better than every other profession and separate themselves from statistics so much (it's part of statistics and should just be considered a branch of such in my opinion, not a separate profession). There was too much of it here.
Very very superficial, most of the course material is about the profile, job and prospects of a data scientist. Hardly any of the content is about the actual science and technology. A few sketchy minutes are spent on Hadoop and deep learning, the rest is fluff. Waste of my time. Too bad, IBM is such a forefront player, I expected a lot more.
Little value in terms of knowledge or skills for somebody paying for this course. Single Wiki document will cover the entire course content.
Don't take it. No Course Instructors, no help. Not worth the money...Even the Working Platform is always timing out or has a gateway error.
This is literally just hype for data science with no substance, include coding from day one or get real, I'm here to learn.
In the peer graded assignments, there are always students intentionally click on the lowest score!
Didn't really learn anything but I guess it was a good gatekeeper.
IBM Cloud advertisement and nothing more.
Utter waste of time
Extremely basic introductory course. Unfortunately you don't learn much about actual data science methods. Quiz questions tend to require you to memorize word for word quotations of supplied text, as opposed to challenging you to think about concepts. I would recommend this course for someone completely new to the idea of data science, but not to people who already know a bit.
Completely waste of time! Very Disappointed with this course. This teaching method is completely inefficient. Some professional people will be interviewed and then you should answer quizzes after each video. It takes more than 3 hours to complete this course, however, all useful information could be provided in 5 slides and discuss them only for 20-30 minutes.
[Reviewing the entire IBM Data Science specialization but points are applicable for
each course]I signed up for the
IBM Data Science specialization and I was genuinely excited to start
it for some 4-5 weeks (I had a GCP exam coming up). I eventually
started the specialization beginning of August `20 and started making
my way though it and I was amazed … amazed of how much a pile of
bullshit this specialization is. I made it though the first 4 courses
and at the end of the SQL for data science I couldn’t take it
anymore. Here’s why:1. First and
foremost, the entire specialization (all 4 courses I have taken at
least) were full of typos and broken URLs which a lot of other
students confirm as well. This does not speak professionalism to me
but whatever, lets move on.2. The in-video
quizzes and following tests are simply ridiculous … you are
expected to have memorized content word by word rather than
understand thing for your own and be able to explain them. Some of
the question were so far away from tech courses it is not even funny.3. The final
assignments are a total joke. We are asked to review each other which
IMHO is a terrible idea since we are all just starting up. Nothing
stops you from giving top marks to a bad assignments and vice versa.4. We eventually got
to the more techy part and even got code snippets and jupyter
notebooks to look through but they were still bad. There was no
proper order in which information was presented i.e. you would read
python and seaborn code in the SQL course’s tasks even though
python and matplotlib/seaborn are discussed in the following courses.5. And my final and
biggest problem with this whole specialization is that it all feel
like an extended advertisement of this piece-of-dodo tech inbred
excuse-of-a-software called IBM cloud. There are constants up-sells
here and there how almighty IBM is and how great their cloud and IBM
Watson Studio are … they are not. I had to spend 2+ hours fixing
problems with jupyter notebooks and their cloud just to complete my
assignments which both took me 30ish minutes. They mention open
source and even though there are open source equivalents to jupyter
they insist using IBM cloud. I kept having the feeling they are more
focused on promoting IBM products than actually bringing quality
content.6. Now after
finishing the SQL course there was a 1min survey which I gladly
filled in basically letting them know their specialization if
terrible and is doing more harm than good in my opinion. I even sent
them a quick challenge because I do not think IBM maintains this
course at all or even reads the reviews. You can see my challenge to
IBM here: https://bit.ly/3geOyfbI was very saddened
by the quality of the specialization and the content and was
wondering whether I should even try and finish the remaining courses
but after reading some reviews on the remaining courses I figured out
it was just more of the same. If you are in the same boat I would
recommend the kaggle micro-courses which I will focus on starting
next week.In conclusion, I got
this whole specialization for free via financial aid and I have to
say even though I did not pay a dime I feel I need to be compensated
by IBM and refunded real money for torturing myself with their
courses.
Be warned!!I took this course and completed then got my 'digital badge'.  However, for me and 100's of other students (according to the forums) our grades and progress disappeared.  Coursera, are telling students to report the issue but after 2 weeks and hundreds of complaints nothing has happened.The course itself is OK but when you are PAYING it is very poor support.
Really disappointed with the whole specialisation... I am leaving this review here because probably you might not check the others courses before you start it. Specialisation is short and it is the only good thing about it. It took me I think 10-12 hours to do it.So first of all the whole thing is not really informative. A lack of videos - Most of the time there is only "power-point"presentation with code written on it.  I don't really understand why they have narrator who just read text - no emotions almost like a machine.Courses:1. You will spend a lot of time learning listening to videos about how sexy is to be data scientist... and that parents start sending their daughters for data science (sic!), and that it is a new science... Plus some rather simple information which you rather know taking into consideration you want to study it online. At least it is nice to watch - there is life in it.2. You will spend the whole course watching different notebooks like jupyter R studio etc . without really learning any useful stuff. In the end you will just click run to create some already written commands in python. Yeap that's it.  I know it is intro but adding 1 +1 third time in different console... 3.  You will learn some methodology - A lot of complicated knowledge read by narrator who is not making it easier or more interesting. Almost like somebody reading you technical book...4. SQL - you will try to learn it from presentations. I think there are no proper videos just images in narrated power point presentation. I watched some coursera lectures about sql before but still I had problems with following it. To make it worst you will have to use IBM products which are FREE - other reviews are probably outdated. The problem is that materials from this course are also outdated. So they are presenting you IBM tool-set which is already different. It is a problem because they are not even trying to show how they work just where to click. I managed, you will too but, IBM, please do better.
Hi,I completed entire program and received the Professional Certificate. On the Coursera link of my certificate "3 weeks of study, 2-3 hours/week average per course" is written. This information is not correct at all, it takes approximately 3 times of that time on average! I informed Coursera about it but no correction was made. It should be corrected with "it takes approximately 19 hours study per course" or "Approx. 10 months to complete Suggested 4 hours/week for the Professional Certificate".Here is the approximate duration for each course can be found one by one clicking the webpages of the courses in the professional certificate webpage: (*)Course 1: approximately 9 hours to completeCourse 2: approximately 16 hours to completeCourse 3: approximately 9 hours to completeCourse 4: approximately 22 hours to completeCourse 5: approximately 14 hours to completeCourse 6: approximately 16 hours to completeCourse 7: approximately 16 hours to completeCourse 8: approximately 20 hours to completeCourse 9: approximately 47 hours to completeThis makes in total approximately 169 hours to complete the Professional Certificate. As there are 9 courses, each course takes approximately 19 hours (=169/9) to complete.(*):  https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ibm-data-science?utm_source=gg&utm_medium=sem&campaignid=1876641588&utm_content=10-IBM-Data-Science-US&adgroupid=70740725700&device=c&keyword=ibm%20data%20science%20professional%20certificate%20coursera&matchtype=b&network=g&devicemodel=&adpostion=&creativeid=347453133242&hide_mobile_promo&gclid=Cj0KCQjw0Mb3BRCaARIsAPSNGpWPrZDik6-Ne30To7vg20jGReHOKi4AbvstRfSbFxqA-6ZMrPn1gDAaAiMGEALw_wcB
The course content is exciting and high level. In this course the student does not do any hands on data science, except the occasional introduction to an IBM tool. Instead, they are introduced to a broad range of topic, tools, and perspectives on data science. It is a good introduction to the subject, and I would likely have given this course three stars, maybe four, had there not been so many large bugs, that at the time of this writing, almost two weeks since posting in the Discussion Forums and contacting Coursera Help several times, has not been fixed.For anyone going into the course, please take screenshots of all quizzes and assignments you complete. If you experience the same issue I have, and hundreds of others are having, than your progress data may get erased. I should have received my badge for completing this course two weeks ago but it is still saying I have "overdue" items and that I've completed everything at the same time.I am sad to give this one start rating, but so it goes. I hope they fix this as soon as possible, and it may end up affecting people's billing.
A complete waste of anyone's time who knows anything about data science and would seek the data science specialization on this site.  Further, the course material thus far appears to be a paid-for repackaging of free instructional materials offered by IBM at bigdatauniversity.com.  Why I had to sit through this material is beyond me in the context of a data science skills tract. Please, stop wasting professionals' precious time and money with this material.  This material took me merely a weekend to get through, not 3 weeks, the framing of which seems questionable at best.  Please remove this from the overall specialization.  My experiences thus far make me feel that I may not continue with this set of courses if this is the level of quality I can expect.
I am subscribed to and paying for the IBM Data Science Professional Certificate and when I attempt to submit a quiz within the "What is Data Science?" course the submit button displays "Upgrade to submit". When I attempt to go through any of the customer service or chat windows which themselves are hard to find, the chat window does not display properly or function in the slightest. This was also the case when I attempted to submit a support request or create a ticket within the mobile app. Terrible and frustrating experience. At this point I'm unsure as to what to do besides cancel my subscription and give up on the money I have already payed as they seem to be instant on not allowing you to contact any customer service representatives.
There should be an option to rate zero stars ! I am CS graduate, and also has deep understanding of learning algorithms. Isn't it's a huge waste of time, spending three weeks to recite the definition of data science and data scientist ? I believe most of the students in this course are somewhat from CS or equivalent background. And for them its just a trash!People, maybe high school kids may say oh no its such a good course, i never knew data can be such impactful bla bla bla, they might find this course little bit useful than just googling : "what is data science ?"And the quizzes, lol that's just joke. You have to recite salary figures from supplementary pdf so it might make you feel good! who knows !
Lost quizzes that I took multiple times, weeks after I'd completed the course and issued a certificate, Coursera web site now saying that I didn't complete it, and the certificate is missing.  Many others have posted in Coursera forums reporting the same issue.  We have reported to support and keep getting the same answer "our team is working on it".  No timeline for resolution, no updates on progress.  Nobody can complete the program and obtain the Data Science Professional certification if this class is not marked as complete.
This is not a course. I was upset when a subscription was renewed and I immediately cancelled. I tried to get a refund but coursera would not allow. You will learn more from youtube. This is a gross waste of time and money, and goes on to show how superficial our fixation on certificates are. The course is an insult. I could have taught the three weeks on an A4 paper, instead of watching some uninspired students.
Don't pay for this course, it's useless. For example: What's Data Science? It's what data scientists do. And at the exam you should have answered exactly like that, even if you don't have any idea on what's the meaning of "data". And this should be a "Professional" certificate. Try to answer like that to someone about whatever question you can think of and they will burn you alive.
Useless BS Fluff class. Make some of this optional reading in another class, but don't make is seem like it has any value. You risk loosing people in different cert programs. It makes a cert program look inflated, such as 9 classes...with this being one of them it's really only eight classes. Then you start with this BS and you question the value of the entire program.
Too basic, useless and total waste of time and money. You get nothing out of this course except for some basic information about data science that you could have easily learned from various free online sources out there. I agree with other reviewers that the only purpose of this course is to drag out the certification process so that it costs you more money...
During this course, be prepared to wade through the huge paragraphs of the text. There are not so many practical exercises, just two, so most of the time you will play the game is true-false. The final assignment is not much about practising big data or data science technologies. I hope there will be increasing of the number of practical tasks.
waste of my money. Did not learn anything new, may be good for people coming from non-technical background. Video snippets without much technical value or learning isn't of much value to me.The image recognition exercise is also not up to the mark in detecting parameters. I felt very disappointed and at loss with this course.
i was charged for this course without any prior notification mine money was deducted from mine account when I requested for refund there was proper channel to place query regarding refund. coursera is just a fake they take money in the name of education , it was mine life biggest mistake to come here
This is really bad, I completed this course last month, and got the badge, no my grades disappeared, with not answer from teaching staff or coursera support, I'm not the only one.I have to redo the course, due to the lack of support, I just want my professional certificate.
The quiz questions throughout the course seem to be asking the queston 'Have you studied?' instead of 'Did you learn the anything?'. This approach does not work well for me. I don't need to know the exact wording of a sentence to know if the meaning of it is correct.
This section of the course feels like a complete waste of time... Most people who have signed up for this program know what data science is and watching a bunch of random people give generic speeches about their opinion on it is boring and a waste of my time.
There is nothing new I have learnt here., to know the definition of Data Science and its applications why would someone do a course of it, instead one can browse the definitions in Google search. It's just waste of money to invest in the course like this.
Not at all worth it. Just provides insights to the field  in layman terms  without actually providing  knowledge to a beginner.All the lessons in the course are just interviews with people.I do not recommend this course at all.Would have rated it 0.5/5
Self serving plug by the author to promote his book and his thesis work. There are much better coursesNote to Coursera: The slides and videos are outdated. There are a number of forum posts calling for help.Dismal experience. Worst course ever.
Google Simulating Environment has the bugs and when you writing to Support, this rich guys stat you to do a free "PROD" testing : no way, it's theirs bugs, and I have my own. What the hell are paid for?Shame on YOU IBM for such solution!
My course progress was DELETED!!!!! I finished this a couple of weeks ago.  Once i completed the third course in the progression for Data Science Professional it didnt send me my badge and erased the progress for the first course!!!!
The information provided in this course is very superficial and very outdated. By reading the first paragraph of the Wikipedia page for Data Science you will learn more that if you complete this course. Very disappointing.
surprisingly lazy and unnecessary course, that brave enough.where other stupidoes goes with 1-2 inspirational videos about data science, IBM did freaking 3-week course about these videos. skip this, you won't need it.
I expected to get a certificate for the one course I did. They did not provide for that, and despite for asking for a separate payment for every course, they denied on giving separate certificates for the same!
There is no option for me to complete the course after missing the assignment submission. There is no proper support available they give the support link but no support rep to talk for resolving any issue.
IBMCloud platform it uses to buggy to be used as tool to teach, error messages from the tool not helpful and I spent time on the ibmcloud errors then on the actual course. Would not recommend to anyone.
They need to have a better approach for certain assignments, forcing you to wait for another person to complete an assignment just so you can complete a peer review is a incredibly frustrating.
I cant believe you guys charge real fucking money for this fucking youtube video of a course. I could easil learn more, and with way more in depth and precise info, from a crappy youtube video.
poorly organized weak content. This course has a extremely light workload that can be finished in a couple of hours. Looks stupid to lock the students from taking the assignments for 2 weeks.
I have completed this course and got the certificate ad teh badges , and now showing me it never been taken ...! Could any one fix this that and add the course back to my learning path ...!
Its looks more like an interview than a course. Many people talking. I feel like instead of learning i am hearing to varied views and get confused. I can search in google for peoples views.
If you are not familiar with any topic or wording in data science then this is the course for you. Unfortunately, there was no real technical learning about data science in this course.
This is hands down the worst course on data sciences I've ever seen. StatQuest with Josh Starmer's youtube channel is a way better use of time. As is any economics textbook.
lots of information that are not well explained for beginners in Data Science.I also tried to drop the course but could not do it, as no help is provided for such action!!!
Quite useless course. It goes around the topic of data science but gives no skills on it. Hope next courses in specialization are going to be more specific and hands-on
Not sure why this is a course. You get the same level of introduction from youtube videos, which of course are free. This should have been a "week" in a later course.
I thought most of it was a waste of time. I didn't learn much from the readings, and I thought all of the quizzes and in-video questions were redundant and useless.
was unable to claim by badge due to email issue while creating acclaim account. It is being displayed that my account was already taken, hope u go through my issue
This course and the whole specialization track is available for free on cognitive class.. And the badge issued by cognitive class doesn't say powered by coursera
This course was horrid.  What a total waste of my money.  I learned absolutely nothing.  It was nothing like the course description.  I feel totally ripped off.
Complete waste of time unless you've lived under a rock for the last 10 years and never even heard the words data and science mentioned in the same sentence.
I see one week as an introduction is enough, but spending the 3 weeks in that no need details - as concept is considered already in mind - was so unhelpful.
Extremly basic and recovers ground repeatidly with fairly generic discussion. I understand it tries to set the scene but not worth 3 weeks of your time.
I finished this course months ago and now its incomplete. I am angry that I possibly have to retake it again especially when I just finished.
This first class is Coursera's TRICK to issue me a certificate so user's can not cancel for free. I consider this move very sneaky.
This course is just a short review of what data science is. You could watch a YouTube video about DS and save the money.
Sad. Made me create accounts in their products. id rather learn online for free. Ashamed of the OBM name now. Seriously.
my curiosity  about Data science is not less even after going through and watching available resources in Coursera.
Trying to login Watson Studio for 2 days . There is no help or assistance tab from coursera  to solve this issue.
The lectures are vague to incomprehensible. The assignments use no critical thinking whatsoever. Don't bother.
it is too much of a marketing event for IBM, not a scientific course or university level. very disappointing
I did not benefit much, its called a "course" but its not more than descriptive talking nothing scientific.
Very disappointed. Unnecessary introduction. Should get straight into data science material and subjects.
i submitted all my assignments on time and was not graded on my final. giving me a 78 final grade overall
This did not need to be an entire course, it does not have enough substance to be a stand-alone course.
There is no  much practical side for this course except to make pre built  classification tool using
this course is purely informative and loads of talk which has zero value in upscaling your skill.
you can probably learn everything that is taught in this class in a few hours of web browsing
Might be of interest for very beginners but nothing you cannot learn from reading online.
Useless course with theory. not really much helpful in term of learning and skill.
The final peer reviewed assignment is a complete waste of time and resources.
The interface is quite confusing. comparing to LinkedIn Learning interface.
The way they handle the final assignment is disappointing to say the least
They removed the availability of the courses for the student program >:(
I learned nothing. This course is just a group of useless definition.
They will steal 35euro from you without teaching anything relevant
Not a very useful course. It seemed more like an advertisement.
More like a marketing stint than an actual data science course
Just a lot of talk. Might as well have youtubed that question.
Didn't learn anything new. Could have just skipped this step.
Very basic, very slow. Could be summarised in a 5 min video.
There is a little amount of content in too many videos
Not much useful and easy to understand for beginners
This course does not give  as such meaningful info.
Too general...only take if you have zero knowledge
there is no turkish subtitle, are you guys liar ??
very surfacy introduction and not enough contents
Should be more detailed and lengthy, very basic
I thought It was for advanced Data scientists
this is a beta topic explained in alpha ways.
its not really a course, its an infomercial
Too basic and a lot of repetitive content.
Not useful information and it took time.
Keep trying to unenroll won't let me
Too much of substance less talk
Useless and time-wasting ! ! !
I can’t get my certificate !!
waste of time and unengaging
i got bored from all reading
This course is a money grab.
Text was written poorly
Doesnt find it useful
Not technical enough
Nothing included....
Very basic stuff
It didn't help.
boring
Very basic course, to be honest.  The grading seemed to be dependent on memorizing exact quotes from videos.  Looking forward to some of the more advanced courses in this series.
Videos often have disjointed or unrelated elements. Final week quizzes and mid-video questions often have useless or otherwise unhelpful reading questions. An example from week three's final quiz, "True or False: The Untied States Economic Forecast is a publication by McKinsey University Press." The answer is false and is covered in the reading, but the question has absolutely nothing to do with data science.
This course has only maximum 20% useful content that could have been covered as an executive summary in 10 minutes instead of a whole week. A lot of the content is either fluffy socializing or irrelevant secondary information that has nothing to do with data science. As a toxicologist I'm interested in applying data science to my aggregate exposure estimation, and I have absolutely no interest in knowing the base salary of a data scientist working in North America, or which organization says what (facts do not care about opinions!) but unfortunately this was a mandatory question in the quizzes and was a waste of my time. And I find the self-introduction part of the final assignment a bit surreal and again irrelevant. I come here to learn about data science, not socializing. We have facebook, twitter and instagram for that. What my name is or what I do is irrelevant to others who take this course; where others come from is irrelevant to me; we're wasting our time saying something irrelevant and being forgotten by others in 5 minutes. Hoping to see more tangible content in the next courses.
This is really an introductory course, and there is not much to be learned, not a single line of programming or a single chart generated. But it can all be done in a single day, so it is a necessary evil to reach the good stuff in the specialization, I guess.
Most of the transcripts of the videos were from old or different versions of the videoes. This fails the basic principle one of the core of the five Vs: Veracity. None done.There were countless errors in the IBM voiced-over, animation videos. For example saying that data mining is "automated" when it was just explained that data priming - which is often highly manual at the outset - is an important part of the first steps of data mining. It is absolutely NOT inherently an automated process from end to end. The final "capstone" assignment which was essentially regurgitation was graded incorrectly. Especially with respect to the final reading. Students were asked to list the "main" sections of what should constitute a report to be given to stakeholders following data science based research. Firstly, dictating sections is stupid as you need to customise to your audience and NO, doing it that way should never be prescribed as universal. Secondly, even adhering strictly to what the reading said and ONLY what the reading said, the grading criteria was WRONG. How on earth did you list Appendices, CLEARLY stated as OPTIONAL as one of the 10 main sections? Not only that, you listed sub-sections as whole sections. For students that got the answer correct, I graded them as such and commented that I'm doing this because the criteria was in fact erroneous. It's one MOOC. How hard is it to get the basics right? What happened to the IBM culture that used to make software engineers write all their code without a compiler to MAKE SURE what they were building was as correct as possible before compiling because of a focus on quality?  Amateur hour over here. Not inspiring.
Was pretty upset that the answers on the final assignment were incorrect according to the course materials.  I am an OCD person that is very by the book, who studies and seeks my answers directly from the materials.  I am hear to learn and depend on you to have accurate learning materials and tests that follow the course materials.  I create procedure manuals for staff.  One of the first things I do when I finish a new manual, is go through each thing, step by step, to make sure it is accurate.  My manuals are for a handful of people, your learning materials are for thousands of people, many of which have language barriers, as English is not their first language.  So this makes it even more important for your assignments/tests to be extremely clear in their questions and the answers correct according to the course material.  When you have a tremendous amount of complaints about this on the discussion forums and no one of power is doing anything to correct this, this is a major issue.I had started a specialization with Coursera a few months before and quit near the end of course two due to extreme frustration with these same issues.  I love the idea of these specializations, and would love to take many of them.  I hope and pray that the rest of this course will be a vast improvement over the last assignment in Course 1 week 3.
Honestly, I just expected too much from this course. It ended before I could even fully realise it had begun. Grading seemed to be less along the lines of "We want you to understand this" and more along the lines of "We want you to memorise a specific quote from a puzzlingly long video that you won't feel like watching throughout, and will follow up with a reading which is more or less a transcript of the video."Take up the course if you've never come across the terms "data science" in your life. Otherwise, it's just time and cognitive effort down the drain. This course is basically clickbait that claims to need 3 weeks of your time, but can be completed in a single hour if you're a fast reader and have a long lunch break at work.
- Texts have poor quality so they are hard to read and the references are not available. - No extra materials are available. - The quiz are pointless: you can answer without understand the text or the videos. You just need to find the key words on the text, no need to comprehend it.  - The videos are very boring. They are sometimes contradictory. Some questions are not answered and others are answered over and over again. Finally, I thought the course poorly structured, boring and with low quality material. I could find better material on the internet for free.
The course itself is too general; you complete the course and it's hard to say you actually learned something new. The exercises are extremely easy, you could easily skip all the videos, open the text for each assignment and answer. Furthermore, the testemonials appear to be randomly picked students who say what they think they're supposed to say, or just give their own opinion; this contributes very little to the viewer's actual learning. An introductory video to data science would've had the same outcome as this entire course.
The course has a very basic approach. It's much more basic than I have imagined and to be honest it is not worth paying for. Everything taught here could be learnt on youtube in 1 or 2 hours. I was expecting basic exercises using data science tools, I mean, the same approach used by academic books: first you learn some concepts and then you make some exercises, then you proceed to the next topic. I'm not saying that what was presented was not good, it was great. But it could have been much deeper.
It would have been more time-effective for me to read the Wikipedia page on data science than spend the time watching these videos. The videos are much too basic with absolutely nothing technical and a fair amount of repetition of the themes across all weeks, for example, needing to be a good storyteller. The entire three module course could have easily been condensed to one module and something more substantial could have been added instead.
Mostly awful. The majority of the videos are just college professors talking about "curiosity, and passion for data analytics" No concrete examples, just a lot of fluff.  Actual verbatim: "A data scientist does data science" The quizzes are a joke.  This honestly felt like a waste of time.  I'm no closer to learning the "hard skills" necessary to become a data scientist than at the beginning of the course.
I wouldn't spend much time on this course. Although it is informative, it is filled with marketing for IBM and lengthy and sometimes repetitive interviews with people who work in this field. I'd rather skip these and jump to the real learning, software and analytics skills. Most people who are taking these courses already know this stuff and plus all this information is available for free online.
Very thorough for anyone who is interested, but doesn't know what data science is. However, it is mind-numbingly basic and most of the reading is more theoretical application than instruction. Way too long of a course for how little information there was. The quizzes were frustrating, as well, as they simple referred to the reading, but didn't reinforce concepts.
Very basic introduction. Would have liked a little more substance than just the QnA section with some people in the field and a couple short readings. This entire course could have been the first week in a real course. I also think the quizzes could have been better. They just copy paste sections of the reading to make sure you read the reading assignments.
After working as a data scientist looking to add "credentials" based on these certificates, I didn't learn any new concepts. If you have never heard of data science and are in high school or just starting to learn about the field, this course would be useful. Otherwise, if you already have experience I would recommend against taking this course.
really very it is very basic thing to understand, what is data science, but it has been very lengthy process to understand this and unnecessarily time was engaged on IBM Cloud Platform, a person who's going to pursue the entire course will definitely use the tools but to introduce the field it should be very short and precise thing
While I appreciate the talks given by these experts, the way this content was spread out with very little substance was demotivating for me and not an efficient use of time, in my opinion.It could be much more concise. I liked the final assignment as a recap and way to interact with my classmates.
The course offers some key definitions for what regards data science. The learner should not expect to understand more than just a list of new words related to the topic. The videos and reading material are moderately entertaining and the assessment strategy is excessively straightforward.
The course consists mostly of generalities and has unfortunately nearly no examples.Showing a data science project with the difference phases of a project would have been great: problem formulation, data collection, data exploration, analysis, visualization, report preparation, etc.
Strange timings. Supposed to be 3-weeks course, but could be beaten in one evening. Also, it was not very informative. However, there was useful stuff such as report requirements. Hope, next courses will be more useful in terms of boosting my skills as data scientist.
This course is for people with ZERO experience in data science. If you've never used a computer before, or have been hiding under a rock for the past two decades, then this is the course for you. Otherwise, save your money and avoid it.
I finished all three weeks did all the quizzes and even delivered my final assignment of week 3... and suddenly i lost the progress of the first 2 weeks!!! How is that!?!?!?!?I had to redo the quizzes again to gain the certificate
I felt this course could have been a lot shorter. The reading were okay but it seemed like a lot of fluff and not so much information. Really, it can be summed up in maybe 15 minutes of videos and the 4 short readings.
The amount of structure and formality is not in keeping with the quantity of practical knowledge and skills i'm walking away with. Hoping that the course accelerates a LOT or I'll probably look elsewhere.
I feel like I learned a few things but I could have learned all of those in a half hour video rather than a full course. The course also felt like an ad for data science and IBM more so than a course.
The course videos and readings were interesting but passing the course is not worth your time. The quizzes and final project are only focused on restating what you read, making the class unchallenging
An okay introduction to what data science means and to careers in the field, but basically nothing in the way of skills provided. Hopefully the other courses in the series will provide more of that.
Introduction with a capital I. In the final assignment they've asked the students to describe things like "The Table of Contents" and "The Executive Summary".  Really? Are you kidding me...
The Course provides just very basic introduction to the topic which in my view every applicant must be knowing about.One good thing was to hear from the professors and others in the field.
This course seemed more like marketing for data science.  I will reserve judgement for later courses, but there is nothing interesting or useful from this first leg of this specialization.
This course was essentially wikipedia entry level of information. Feels like this was included to increase the amount of time you spend on the course overall, therefore paying more money.
A very simple course, that has a few videos trying to 'sell' data science. If you're unsure if  the data science field is for you, then you might take a look at this. Otherwise: skip it.
This Course give a basic idea of data science it only explain the terms related to the course.Quiet goon enough to brief you about to decide whether to go with data science field or not.
I dont believe reading a couple of articles and being quizzed directly on what is written in front of you is an effective form of learning or training.   Need to ask more open questions.
This course gives you just an idea about introduction to the course in which how & what can you do in data science. But what I felt that it not that type of course for which you pay .
Readings are not in-depth, and give you an overview of a topic rather than a deeper understanding of it; you don't learn anything technical though checkpoints suggest you should have.
It is a bit too focussed on introducing products without going into the theory or methods. it did not help that I had to redo all the quizzes because Coursera lost everyone's data.
The main points could have been communicated in much less time.  For me, it was just something to get through before getting to the more substantial classes that follow.
This is just a bunch of grad students and professors giving their opinion on what Data Science is, it's not really a course so much as an undergrad youtube project.
Intros are usually boring but this was quite good at giving the big picture and the need for human interaction. The IBM cloud "service" leaves much to be desired.
this is a promotional course with a lot of buzzwords and zero content. could have been summed up in 2 5min videos. shame on wasting students time and effort.
I thought the course would give a more practical introduction of Data Science. This was more about understanding what it is and how it is applied in theory.
CONTENT WAS GOOD , BUT IBM CLOUD  WAS VERY COMPLICATED. WAS NOT ABLE TO PROCEED FDURTHER INTO THE COURSE. KINDLY ELABORATE MORE ON PAID AND LITE SERVICES.
only general information, quiz with unnecessary questions, at least I know that the more bathrooms the higher price can be earned by selling a house :)
The course is mostly introductory and very basic. I think it could be helpful if you have never had any contact with the Data Science idea.
The first part is great but the second part goes super crazy technical and is impossible to keep up without a computer science background.
Not necessary in my opinion, have very little viable information and trying to promote the subject by creating unrealistic expectations.
Most videos are are very very basic. It seems like an introduction to the introduction. I hope it will go faster in the next courses.
The course is motivational, but it is long and nothing practical is learned. Also the week 3 grading part doesn't make much sense.
Very (too) general intro to DSsuperficialQuestions in tests are often irrelevant and somethimes the answers are just plain wrong
I did not like the readings. The font was small and the storytelling not so creative and comprehensive. i did like some videos.
Good way for beginners to decide if they want to do data science as a career, but poorly designed questions and grading system.
An introductory course light on information best suited for those who have not had any formal education beyond high school.
I believe this course was very long for what it is. I believe it could have been narrowed down to one video of 20 minutes.
I didn't expect this style of lecture. Still to be convinced. Mostly interviews. I think the approach should be changed.
This probably should have been integrated into Module 2.  As a stand-alone it is lacking in much in the way of content.
Unnecessarily long, although the content is interesting. Quizzes and assignments are not really engaging or too easy
It was a decent overview of the subject, but I didn't feel like there was a whole lot that wasn't already obvious.
not that helpful and a bit boring to do the assign, but overall a nice overview f you know zero about data science
Doesn't cover any real material, you can move fast through the course, but I found it to be a waste of my time.
Too many videos, very little information and things to apply. I hope the next courses are richer in content.
Too repetitive. You could probably just pick 2 of these videos and include in the beginning of next course.
I think that it was too general, only a week of introduction would have been good. Not the whole course.
This is just a general introduction. I hope more substance will be presented in the rest of the course
Some useful information is provided, but much of the time is spent  in video which adds no content.
Fairly basic course...nothing really new if you're already immersed in some kind of data role.
it is a very basic course,only explain definitions and uses of data science.Nothing practical.
An entire 3 week course for just definition based interview videos. That was unsatisfying.
Not as deep a course as I thought, but understandably so for a (very) introductory course
Allot of information,which constantly repeating, also most of info too general and basic.
I didn't learned anything from it. It is just like a story of how great data science is
the course is very interesting, the quizzes are really bad, asking really dumb question
I expected more: examples with real numbers, methods, tools. At least an overview.
No practical implementation. Theoretical insight into the field of Data Science.
Non-technical knowledge, cursory and without in-depth exploration of the topics
Very basic introduction, not really saying anything and repeating itself a lot.
A very shallow introduction that doesn't teach anything. Pretty disappointing.
So far first two weeks and part of third is nothing but fluff, waste of time.
very less videos and looks like same thing is repeated changing the terms
good introduction but a little bit boring to read the  lengthyv scripts
This course is unnecessary for a specialization in Data Science.
I think it's a bit dragged out, it didn't needed to be this long
a waste of time to review all the common sense. At least for mw
Not as interesting as others in this series, best you skip it.
Very basic course, I hope for more content on the next weeks.
only theory was availabe atleast should have hands-on too.
Too much general information, available on internet stuff.
Waiting for the review takes ages and slows down learning
this is just a introductory course and not a full course
No practical training at all, everything is conceptual
I feel this course could be summarized into one class.
Not really sure about the usefulness of this course...
Not very informative and it is too broad and general
duplicate of Data Science 101 from BigDataUniversity
Very bleak introduction to, "What data science is?".
Introduction to Data Science, Too lengthy but useful
Too simplistic and vague for advanced professionals
Expected more from an IBM professional certificate.
Found the tutorial Python Pandas and data science
It just a general ideal not many things learned
Too much intro, not enough hands-on work.
It was a bit light on practical content.
Too wordy for only a bit of information.
wouldn't call it a course. very shallow.
This course was just very basic overall.
Course  doesn't really have any content.
I found it very long and repetitive.
General but simple on line training
I am sure that a YouTube video can
Very high level view of dat scien
Actually not much happening here.
A lot of unnecessary information
Pretty basic. Didn't learn much.
I didn't think it was helpful.
Very boring.Not useful at all
It's really not very useful.
A very very basic course...
very basic introductions.
Maybe shorter is bet
wordy, wasting time
It was very basic.
Very poor content.
It's too basic.
waste course
Well curated
Quite vague and repetetive, I didn't feel like there is a structure in the course, more like a collection of random thoughts by various people. It's more an introduction to what data scientists think about data science than an introduction to data science itself.
This was a nice and easy course, but the material was quite obvious and not new and could be included in one week lessons of another course.
Many interviews, nice chats, but not so much content. I was expecting 
some more theory/practice, not so much documentary.
Was ok.  1)  For what it was, (predominantly opinion videos) you could probably stand to remove a couple of the videos from the two professors, (especially the second one) without changing the overall effectiveness of the course. 2)  You might want to work with that second professor, (or just edit the appropriate video) to remove the clear disdain he expresses toward statisticians since a) they're at least just as much a part of data science as computer scientists and are thus due the same degree of respect, and b) some / several of the people taking this course, (such as me) come from a statistics background, and it's really not a good idea to require us to sit there and watch while this prof decides to backhand us all with his not only inappropriate, but, more importantly, inaccurate statements - really not a good way to help us feel welcome as part of the program.3)  The final question on the final exam was -horribly- rote and pedantic.  I get that you're trying to find something that's easy to peer review, but really - one random person's opinion on how to format a paper?  That was about as unimaginative / uninteresting as you could possibly get and only goes further into making data science seem like it's going to be an incredibly boring-to-other-than-totally-left-brained-control-freak humans.  How about easing it up a bit on the precise content and let people answer more about the Voltaire discussion, (i.e. thinking about how you want to present the results even before writing the report)?  How about having people talk about the first professor's discussion of what he did with the Toronto busses - going off on his own to acquire priorly-unrelated data to determine correlations?  These are the kinds of things that are going to help someone become a good data scientist later in life, not whether they could list 10 italicized bullet points about how precisely one form of report, (i.e. a very formal, long form - often only used in its entirety in academia and generally inappropriate in other contexts).
What did I like about the course?
* The contents discribed in the videos were very interesting.
* The rating system is great because you also have to rate other people yourself. With this system you get to know the motiviation and background of other attendees.
* Also, setting a due date is a good decision, as this motivates one to get through the course.

What was not so good?
* Some of the questions were way to easy. Due to the fact that you will be certified at the end, I would like to compare the degree of difficulty with that of a university/collage. After all, we want to be reasonably prepared for the job market after this course. Some questions were even superfluous. In the video the speaker says something like "With Zepplin Notebooks you can run code in different languages". Immediately afterwards the video is paused and the question is "True or false? With Zepplin Notebooks you can run code in different languages"... I hope, since it is the first course, the difficulty will increase through out the course and we can get our hands dirty.
* I don't know if this is a bad point but three weeks for this amount of content is way to long. I think it depends on the attendee but you can finish this course easily in one day.

What else could be improved?
* In some situations, I wish the video player was a bit larger, because you'd like to read along with the script but still want to see everything and with such a small player, it's not possible.
* If you're working on a laptop and have 2 browser windows open side by side, the page is not responsive enough and the player will appear cut off. So therefore it is hart to watch the video in one window and directly try out the stuff in the other one.
Not going to say this course is bad. This course is good for an absolute beginner who doesn't have a clue on what Machine Learning is. However, don't expect to build predictive models from this course. They go through surface knowledge of Data Science (which is a ridiculously broad term so it makes sense to do so as a starting point). There's some Watson projects which is pretty cool, but Watson is like a software where you can implement Data Science. You're not building any new models as such through code here.It all comes down to personal preference, if you want to learn about what Data Science is and how Watson works, this could be a good path for you to take. For me, my goal was to be able to understand the mathematics and thereby code in popular languages and frameworks, basically going into the micro level rather than having a general surface knowledge of everything. I learned alot about coding from Lynda's Python and Data Science Essentials. However, ML is a very broad umbrella, and I narrowed down my discipline to learning Deep Learning with Andrew Ng's Deep Learning specialization which in my opinion is an excellent course if your learning goal aligns with mine.
The course was OK, which is probably about the best you can shoot for on an "introduction to the subject" type of course. I do have one comment regarding the narrated videos (as opposed to the interview videos). The little animations of block graphics are snazzy. But do they contribute ANYTHING to the lesson? I would say no. The video should help the viewer parse the audio or put it in context or something. Popping up block figures of people in ties when the audio mentions executives is just video for the sake of video. In fact for me, having this constantly-changing screen with little bits moving around makes it harder to concentrate on the actual content, 100% of which is contained in the narration. So I ended up muting the audio and just reading the text. Perhaps the video helps certain types of learners, although it's hard to imagine how. Anyway, I just wanted to suggest that in cases where video has no helpful contribution, maybe consider making it a reading assignment.Other than that, I want to thank you for your contribution to making learning more accessible to everyone.
While there were helpful elements raised in this course (the multi-disciplinary nature of data science), I found that there were a number of elements (recruiting data scientists for companies; what is the structure of a report) that weren't core to my understanding of the concepts. While I can appreciate the course is designed for a wide range of audiences, some of these concepts could probably have been rolled in to the other courses, or listed as 'optional' learning (e.g. recruitment for companies, how to write reports). In particular, I didn't find it very helpful to be tested on a very rigid structure of a data science report. Ultimately, the elements of a report are entirely dependent on the audience, and those requirements shift across industries. I would have preferred the final assignment to ask me to recall my knowledge of what the principles of regression are (and why it's a cornerstone of statistical analysis), or the roles of the different programming tools across different types and scales of data.
Too much "telling" not enough doing. I grudgingly appreciate that this module focused on orienting students towards the needs of industries,  to the  soft skills necessary for data science, and to the crucial aspect of being able to tell compelling stories to stakeholders. However, it was a bit of a chore to spend three weeks being told this, rather than having exercises.  Example exercises could include:, summarizing a table of complex data in writing for two different target audiences, or choosing between different visualizations for different target audiences. These could be optional exercises as they might be subjective and hard to grade. Nonetheless, getting students to actually *do* some of the types of thinking and communication that are stressed in the videos and readings would have been welcome.
To be honest, this course felt like a recruitment tool rather than an actual subject matter that I can learn about. Most of the videos were focused on trying to convince me how awesome being a data scientist is and how special data scientists are for being curious and making lots of money, but after completing the course I don't think I can say I have a great understanding of the kind of day-to-day work a data scientist does or how data science can be applied in different fields. The readings were a lot more in depth in terms of actual content than the videos were, which made the course feel very disjointed. I'm a little skeptical now of continuing with the IBM certificate because I don't really want to spend several months on this and not really have learned any new skills.
This course is mainly focused on defining what data science is, so as such it is very high level. Of course before really getting into data science practical skills you need to know what data science is, so as such the course is useful even though it perhaps doesn't result in new practical skills. One negative point for me are the quizzes which instead of testing general knowledge often ask silly specific questions about what a specific persion has said in one of the videos - thus even a master data scientist could not necessarily answer some quiz questions correctly because they don't always test generally applicable data science knowledge but rather test whether or not you watched the videos where someone has made a particular comment.
Fair overview of data science, with positives and negatives detailed here :+ Good sections on the skills required, careers and positive messages for the younger generation. + Good speakers(-) Content is very simple and very much on the surface of the topic. That's the intent of such a course I guess, but I can easily imagine that many people will leave the course without a much better understanding of what data science is and what is the real difference between data science and simple research / analytics as they were done pre-2010. It's a continuum, but it would be worth explaining what are the unique features of data science (aside the large amounts of data and computational power).
This 
is a good introduction to the underpinning principles of data science. 
PROS: I 
really enjoyed the "documentary-style" videos based on interviews with experts, along with the readings. CONS: The 
animated videos are a bit too fast paced 
and superficial. Also, some of the questions in the quizzes are outright 
confusing. They don't really assess 
whether you understood the content of the videos and readings, but rather whether you remembered some key sentences by heart. There are also several typos 
here and there in the material. Overall, 
it's a good value for the money nonetheless. I would give it 3.5 stars if only the system accepted half stars.
Courses from 1 to 3 are just theory. I can't say if the theory and the hours you put in are useful or not during these courses. Plus the tools that they introduce seems like just promotional or sponsored content. It gets a little better in course 4, they introduce you to some useful libraries like numpy and pandas and tell us some things about them. I still believe that if you're not applying for the certificate, and just wanted to learn Data SCience skip past the first three courses. I didn't think I got much knowledge about them, I could've just googled what is Data Science and read an article and that's it! So just giving three stars for that.
The content of the course is a great introduction to Data Science.  I could have done without the peer reviewed assignment at the end.  If there are not many people taking the course, it takes a while to have it graded.  Also, I had to take all of my quizzes over because they all disappeared. I've had a ticket into Coursera for a while, and got tired of waiting so I just took the quizzes again.  Not a big deal in this case because they are short and easy.  I know it is outside the scope of this course, but I hope Coursera does not have this happen on other courses.  Too bad this course had to take a hit in rating because of this grading fiasco.
A good introductory course if you have no familiarity with "data science" as a concept or as an Industry.  The course largely uses interviews with industry experts to explain what data science is, has the potential to do, and set realistic expectations about a pathway to being a data scientist.If you have an existing familiarity with data science, or the underlying principles, this course will some to be introduction heavy.What separates this course from 5 stars?  First, several points of the videos spend time waxing prophetic on tangential topics.  Second, as of this writing (29 Aug 2019)  the final exam has question/answer mismatch.
Good as an introductory course. to help a learner identify his needs and the future career track. Pretty basic, the way it should be. However, the course holds back on math and programming skils that are an absolute necessity for a data scientist. You probably can do without either advanced math or programming, but not without both at once. The course says nothinf about it, so as not to scare the students away.The IBM Watson service never registered my account despite various browsers and e-mail addresses used. Should I look forward to more surprises with other external resourses used in this course?
For better or worse a VERY basic introduction to data science. Some of the reviews disparaged that there was such a basic introductory section. To me it was probably a good idea from Coursera's point of view even though I concede that I didn't really get much out of it. Some people may hear the buzz words and the salaries and dive in sight unseen so I don't begrudge it. There was a bit too much reliance on memorizing quotes from readings for the quizzes as opposed to demonstrating understanding.
May be good for people who are completely beginner in data science, but I am disappointed as it is very basic and neither give outline about the complete course i.e. what will a student learn if they complete all the 9 courses. Also, I am not so sure how this course will help anybody to take any step towards the applications of data science. Curiosity and communication goes down the drain when someone don't know how to code. I think this course probably does not help on long term.
The course is quite interesting and its delivered in an unconventional manner with many different people's views and experience considered making it easier to remain interested in learning more and more. However the material and guides haven't been updated making it hard to follow exercises aimed at helping you utilize data science tools. For that reason I wont be continuing with the rest of the courses in the Specialization. I'll look for something better.
Great videos however the test questions need a good review, they are not aligned to the course content.  The IBM Watson course piece looks to be outdated and the instructions are not aligned to what I saw on my screen when logging in (I found it after a search).  It is very IBM software heavy - as you would expect.  A good heap of videos with a great very basic introduction to it all (I would say 4 stars) but let down by errors in questions on quiz
Decent introduction course, but I wish it had delved into more specific tools and methods, as it's a bit too general and vague. The topics as presented could easily be covered in a short lecture, and I feel they missed out on an opportunity to give a more thorough introduction than one could find by just Googling the term. For example, I wanted to see more specific examples of tools used in data analysis, not just a general description.
The in-video review questions were repetitive across a few videos. For some videos, submitting answered returned a message "answer can not be submitted". The IBM Watson image upload assignment seems old because it looks like IBM Watson does not let me do that(despite adding my cc on the IBM platform.) So either navigation is changed in Watson and the course must be updated accordingly. But it is not.
The course provides an overview on data science. But the content of the text book is a bit problematic. The most misleading part is the author described the dictator of China, Xi Jinpin is the man who is making the world become better. This notion ignores all the human right violation happening in China. I would recommend the change the text book and the misleading reading materials.
It is just  an overview about Data Science and there is not much useful information. The examples given in this course are not very concrete so that even after this course I couldn't get enough feelings about how real work is done in real life. So I would rather pursue those practical lessons about how to use analytic tools and train myself through real exercise and projects.
A good course to introduce yourself to the field of Data Science and the opportunities lying ahead. I thank the professors for making this course interesting.Just one thing though, the course deals with only the tip of the iceberg and I feel that few more insights into the field of Data Science and its applications might have made the course better.
I felt like the explaining got way to repetitive. Why not show some real life examples and the impact of Data Science has on the world? Why not show a video of at least a glimpse of data being analysed to get us even more fired up for the course. Also, the intro section before each video was very annoying, include the intro only on the first video.
The end assignment is a bit weird. The definition of data science is using story telling? Surely that comes under communication, however, the rubric specifically states that we need to state story telling. I felt this module was more to introduce how to use Coursea than much else. I did really enjoy the fun Watson example.
The grading is odd. I received no feedback rather, a grade that did not reflect what I answered.   The course syllabus is arranged as almost a surprise.  I wish I would have known how to navigate the course instead of learning it in stride.  Overall, I am here to learn and earn my certificate.  I will continue on.
It is just a theoric course and I think y would have been lost if I had not taken another course that explained everything covered in detail and with excersices. One advantage of this course is that it can be completed even in one day. Also, I think, IBM gives this course for free in its page, Big Data University.
this course is mostly about  the elaboration of data science and related terminology  in concept and various standpoints on that. it does not necessarily add any hard skill to your toolbox but I guess it might be useful to know what you are dealing with and hear different practitioners of the field
I don't know..Granted this is the first of 8 or 9 courses in the series but I am worried about the depth of tuition I will be receiving with the other courses. I want to learn a new applicable skill - not just spending 3 weeks watching 
introductory videos and reading a couple of 5 minute articles.
Not a bad introduction to data science, but not a great one either. I am biased. I never really enjoy these broad introductions though. Quizzes and assignments could have been more meaningful. I felt like the only goal here was to excite people about the field rather than teach them about it.
OK for beginner introduction. Most of the content was interview style. There were quite some good knowledge shared by the senior data scientists. But for the juniors, I would prefer them to at least introduce themselves first before instantly expecting learners to trust them at first sight.
Would have appreciated a greater degree of technical inputs; one live project was a repeat from course on AI. Current course material is very generalized though important. Adding one more week with inputs on key techniques and specific case studies as live project would be very valuable.
Well structured and good reference material. It is a very general course, with practically no hands-on activities. I would not consider it relevant for someone who has a minimum background in Data Science and wants to pursue it, it's more a very light introduction of the subject.
A good overview of the field of data science, but needing more substance. In my opinion, the interviews would have benefited from a bit of preparation on the part of the interviewees. One exception to that was Murtaza Haider, who I found to be very insightful and enlightening.
Too long for the fairly minimal content. But would have got 4 stars if the lab worked for people who didn't happen to live in the USA. This is the entry course to a beginner's set of courses - a real beginner would quit when faced with instructions that don't actually work.
While the course is good as an introduction it was way too basic, even for me and my career is currently completely unrelated to the field. It will help you get a pretty good notion of what data science is and begin to understand the kinds of things that you can do with it.
What is Data Science ? - is a course that covers all the basics of Data Science, so anyone who are really new to Data Science and don't  have any prior knowledge in Tech and Stats can enroll in this course and can a get a clear picture about the basics of Data Science
Some of the videos were good and rather informative, but overall I don't think I learned much, especially considering my background as a research psychologist. Also the videos were a bit all over the place – I would've loved to see them more organized and structured.
The readings are in a format where it is not possible to search in it. It would also be better to make the readings as lecture slides with a few bullet points per slide, instead of having 1-2 A4 pages full of text. Not all the videos are related to the readings.
It does well to introduce the student to different areas of data science, applications and industries. To improve it, would love if more introductory terms are used and role clarity are explained a little better.What tools and technologies and courses to pursue.
The course is great, but it is a bit difficult to navigate through coursera.  Additing in small bits to manage the coursera portion would be great.  Also, the course was designed 3 years ago, so i am a bit concerned about how up to date this information is.
I suggest that Coursera update the tutorial on how to use IBM Watson.  I found that Coursera's instructions failed to match the current version of Watson that I saw.  I tried several times to upload the images and run the program, but without any success.
It's an alright course going over basic terminology though for the two hours it took to complete, I don't feel like I learned that much content. Hoping courses 2 to 9 are a bit harder and more informative in the IBM Professional Data Science Certificate.
Decent introduction to the field. This could be a much much shorter course. The exam questions are tedious and based on precise recitation of exact facts from the specific articles presented, they not correspond to broader comprehension of the material.
This is a general introduction, probably a lot could of it could be reduced.You will learn interesting things in the interviews (they are great). But some videos are too broad ("blablabla") and skipable.My advice : read the transcript and race for it
It is pretty basic. The quizzes aren't so relevant all the time. Perhaps it does not involve much difficulty because it is meant for everyone, no matter from which field of work. The videos are nice though and worth watching for general knowledge.
I recognize the course is introductory but even so it's very easy to pass (why bother to give assessments and grade if the bar is not set at a challenging level), the course material could simply be expected reading for a more advanced course.
A really good introductory course--has interested me to continue with the the "IBM Certification Certificate". Highly recommend this course for people who have an interest to get into Data Science and want to get a sense what it is all about.
Some answers assessed come from places either not clearly mentioned or absent from the course material. However, the course is a great introduction to data science and the many applications, I look forward to completing the full certificate.
Relatively basic introduction  - course material assignments felt they more rewarded recital about an author's perspective than an objective review of many perspectives.  Reading material was quite light. Fine to start with though.
Decent introduction to data science through video interviews of experts.The assignements and quizzes do not reallly test your understanding of the subject but more your ability to remember details about a video yo've seen 10mn ago.
Many videos with a lot of interviews that don't really add value. The readings are somewhat interesting. The course does not scientifically explain data science, but gives a broader view of the career aspect of data science.
I think this course is only a timid explanation of what a Data Scientist student needs to learn and ithe deal personal conditions before studying Data Science. It felt more like a sellers pitch than interesting information.
Very basic. I was hoping it gets into actual data science, but it spends most of the time explaining how to write academic papers and only one task that actually uses the IBM portal for machine learning. Disappointing.
The course felt like about 40 percent information and 60 percent promotion. Materials were of a mediocre level. Perhaps appropriate for the completely uninitiated but not useful for practitioners looking to level up.
While a nice introduction to the history, I would have liked a more thorough review or citations of the seminal work in the field, of the statistical methods used, and of the code used to generate machine learning.
I could see there is more of reading rather of teaching. It would be better if the reading is reduced. Especially for quizes it is meant to read only last sections. But a quiz should  cover all the topics taught
This course is a bit long and high-level for the length of the course. It should go a level deeper into actually running through an example of a Data Science focused case study or problem that is instructor led.
Very generic information, which is somewhat useless. A lot of time is devoted to students talking about the data science and I don't think people taking this course would be extremely interested in that.
The course provides a good overview of what data science for those who have no prior experience with the field. The quizzes and assignments were not particularly useful and amounted to mostly busy work.
Course was good but there was not any application portion. This was just introductory course. I only learn what is data science and what data scientist do along with some case study.case study was good.
Really basic videos and not much actual learning. Seems a lot of this information could be gathered online in forums. I guess the professional advice was helpful when considering a career option.
Showing the only expertise talks not the live tutorial how it works but overall it good if you  are beginner then go for it you can better understand how can you start your career in data science
The initial course was ok but you should provide more real world examples. Such as several real "reports" and their contents. Just providing report sections and descriptions is not good enough.
Very basic, a lot of very generic "let's talk about X" videos, reading interesting but not very in-depth. Does answer the question "What is Data Science", but left me wishing for more details.
It is a very basic intro course that provides a general understanding of what is data science. It doesn't teach technical skills but it is a good course to learn about the whole industry.
It is ok, but not great. It gives you a vague idea of what it itake to be a Data scientist, but reains very anecdotical and  the provided definitions are not as sharp, as I had expected.
Videos and reading are informative. Final testing of course is rigid though. Requires students to have a verbatim definition memorized rather than an actual understanding of concepts.
Too non-technical. Could include more concrete project examples ("case studies") even at the beginner level, to really allow students to gain an appreciation of what the field can do.
I didn't like the emphasis given to the money you can make by studying data science, I understand most people are just chasing the money but it was totally frivolous and unnecessary.
This is not really a course -> rather some videos about what Data Science is. So if you are looking for some knowledge (for which I believe we in Coursera do) just watch it through.
The course was very informative. The time sensitive locks on the teaching material were very inconvenient and should have been relayed to the student before enrollment. Thankyou
Several English and grammatical problems in the questions and quizzes. This made it confusing at times. Also, some of the questions to the videos need to be reviewed for errors.
Not sure what is the purpose of this course... just to read articles about definition of data science or data scientist? Or something about the sexist job of the 21st century?
Very good for start. On the other hand topic could be said in shorter way. But it is subjective. Therefore I can recommend with this course your journey through data science.
A decent overview of the field of data science and the type of work involved. Not at all academically challenging, but a reasonably interesting, short intro to the subject.
The course is very basic and is not taught in the most efficient way, it's very theoretical and does not provide very detailed examples of what data scientist really do
Needs to be updated to match the online environments used. Quite confusing when you have to really struggle to find the right section of Watson and nearly put me off.
Nicely done, but it could be more condensed. I would be unsatisfied I was paying just for this course, but probably good introductory for the rest. Maybe too general.
Great to hear from professors, but not helpful to hear from random students. I discount their opinions out of hand, they are not experts, so it's just distracting
Did not think this much background was needed. I would argue only 30% of the video material was necessary. However, it still informed me of what data science is.
solid for beginners, but a little buzzwordy and some of the questions/answers felt cheap and based on memorizing what was said instead of applying new knowledge
Good to give you an idea of what data science is but nothing really that you can't find elsewhere. It's a nice set of video lecturer, interesting conceptually.
Good intro course, however, I'm already familiar with what Data Science is - was looking for more of skills/tools required to move into the Data Science field.
I like how it was demonstrated and structured. I faced one problem using the IBM VR lab as it said, this lab is not available for my region. I stay in Qatar.
The course does not provide  in depth  information about data science Teaching pattern was good No practical assignment is given to students to analyze data.
Good introduction, but some of the course content is a little subjective and some of the interviews and videos were pretty redundant and repeated themselves.
This course is good a lot of application of Data science were tought in videos. The program is about to increase the basic knowledge of the Data science.
Not much meat, however an intro to Data science is important, so I do appreciate this light (in terms of technical content) introduction to Data Science.
I guess it is a generally good start, but I did not really learn anything that I would consider a "hireable" skill. I need something much more technical.
Too long an introductory course, perhaps It could've been made more concise and short. But it was a great course nevertheless and serves it's purpose
I really don't  like the assignment that asks people to do peer-reviewing. It is a big data course, how about letting it grade my assignments please?
too much theortical information, can be summarised in short as i found repeation of same thing again and again. this course can be of max 2 weeks
Good...but very basic and subjective for a MOOC. Nevertheless, a good way to introduce someone to data science - especially, for total beginners.
Its a good introduction but I wish they would have said that a Data Science career needs a ton of math and stats at the beginning of the course.
after my card is charged, the course is not proceeding. is it a scam? 3 weeks worth of course is done in 3 hours independently? are you serious?
I have learnt a lot from this course but if there would be real life case studies to get better understanding, that would have helped us a lot.
I was expecting for a more practical curse then a introductory one. Althought, it is nicely express and made me anxious about continuing.
Some information are outdated. Example, Jeff Immelt is no longer CEO of GE (Dr White mentioned that Jeff Immelt is betting on big data).
The content is not so worth to learn. Not related to data science practical area. The quiz section looks like made for just name sake.
This course currently just gave me an idea of what Data Science and Data Scientists are and what they do and how they do their tasks.
I feel like they're trying to sell me the course. these "three weeks" can be completed in a couple of days. it doesn't seem serious.
I expected to learn to do things instead of only reading and watching videos. Anyways, I will take the next courses on the program.
Introductory course, so broadly covers topics. Good introduction for newbies but for experienced people it may be too rudimentary.
There is nothing to learn here, that is just general talking about the subject, I can read similar stuff in the internet for free
All fluff, no substance.  Interesting / motivating fluff and good if you know nothing about data science, but fluff nonetheless.
Good introduction about what is the data science field. For someone who doesn't know what is the scope of the data scientist.
It's great course. but some reading section's doesn't interesting.Thank you all students and professors and Coursera team.
The course gave a bit shallow introduction to data science. I was hoping for more practical training in the needed skills
This course is too theoretical and too slow, I think in the fits chapter should shows us different tools and methodology
Can give you a good starting point to understand data science. I was not sure how current the information presented is.
It was more towards one perspective about data science instead of proper data science information and theory knowledge
Very introductory, Unnecessary for someone with some knowledge or previous experience with ML or any data analysis.
It was just as intro to what is data science just definitions but still a good course for introduction purpose.
Did not learn very much.  Could be more applied and maybe jump into some coding or statistical theory already!
i expected to be more knowledge in the course but it is some kind of introducing lectures more than a course
This course provides an abstract overview of what is data science. Overall a good course but a small course.
An "OK" course that provides a very high level of very generally speaking terms of data science / big data.
very basic overview- good for those with zero knowledge but redundant for those with even just a tiny bit
This was extremely basic.  we got to learn what we already knew of data science.  This was very generic.
It is just the beginning of a long journey to become a data scientist.It is very brief and to the point.
Okay if you are completely new to the area, but doesn't add much new if you have some awareness already.
It is a good introduction to Data Science, but in my opinion did not have to be an individual course.
There was only theoretical knowledge. There should be more about the implementation of data science.
Fairly redundant while also being informative. It's mostly worth the few hours it takes to complete.
I will it is important to have a clear vision on what path you are going to. So yea this was useful.
This course merely gives an introduction for the Data Science but not teaching any practical skills
Good motivational course, but not that much proper scientific / analytical / quantitative content.
Nothing that I could've just learned from reading a Wikipedia page on Data Science was introduced.
I think the sir is giving half knowledge about the topic. Like some more explanation is required.
3 weeks can be summarized in one pdf in the first week of the next course. So long introduction
Kind of a fluff class but good if you are looking for something to explain the absolute basics
The course is too basic. And it has a lot of opinions from a lot of people about Data Science.
That's a good overview about what is Data Science and what we understand about Data Scientist.
I think this course spends too much time on selling the field of data science to the learner.
A little bit of redundant content. Very basic overview no need to spend so much time on it :)
Gives the overview of Data Science and the role of Data Scientist. More of  a theory though.
It would be good if we have more of Practical things rather than just the videos and theory
Pretty high level / conceptual. Looking to get into more of the details in the next course.
The document attached looks like from 2015. I wish that would have more updated information
The content is not really extensive and it lacks a bit of detail.I think it is too simple.
It's nice course but the definition of Machine learning and deep learning is not so clear.
Pretty good course for general intro to Data Science.  Tests are not interesting though.
Good intro but interviews are mostly with students not experienced experts in the field
Nice intro, but sometimes a bit too low in competence level with quite some repetitions
A good introduction, but i wish for more in depth insight of how to analyze the data.
This course seems unnecessary and very Basic , Course just for the sake of a course.
I liked the subject but it could have been even better with more practical sessions
Basic foundamentals about data science. 3 weeks is too long for this 2 days course.
The information given in this course could be delivered in significantly less time.
There are many introduction videos, I wanted to jump straight to SQL, R and Python
I did not receive the "Data Science Orientation" badge for completing this course.
The course requires better content such as more use cases and real life examples.
Older material that needs to be updated and you needs a list of organized links .
I think the course is not well structed. Anyway, it's just an introduction class.
The content of the course should be more in-depth. Talk more on technical terms.
Lots of repeated statements, some videos are very abstract, not enough examples.
Good,  This course covers the key introduction of data Science and Data mining.
The video's seemed a little strange. Just listening to confessions of students.
For someone who never heard the term 'data science', it is a good introduction.
Too generic, just a first approach to slightly understand what is Data Science.
I expected to get better organized definitions instead of some part of a book.
Very basic, non-technical stuff. But good to have an overview as a beginner.
it gives me a general idea of how data science works. but it is too general.
not so great course just insights in data science...very basic level course
I expected some of basics about the course but there is completely theory.
Seems like, you have to memorize trivial stuff to complete certain tests.
This course is pretty simple. I don't feel like I took too much from it.
Very short and informative, worth to be a workshop rather than a course!
Good course material, a bit too high level compared to my expectations.
qualitative course.  does not seem to involve practical instruction
Course 1 is somehow less technical, the peer review is unnecessary
Good introduction to Data Science. It was a little bit repetitive
Very Basic but Decent intro if you have zero idea about the topic
A little bit too simple, but maybe good for newer to this arena.
reeeeeealllly reallly basic. I was expecting a bit more content.
It's an interesting course, but too introductory for my needs.
Could be more technical, but good introduction to the subject.
Very Basics of Data Science. Should have Included more Content
A quick glance on Data Science, but the pace is quite slow.
The course is highly motivating for being a data scientist
There were some confusions in definition and explaination
Expected real time  scenarios  of use and implementation
I thought there would be some kind of hands on tasks...
Has only theory involved, but it was indeed insightful
Some videos at the end have unnecessary advertisement.
Great course to gain some perspective on data science
it's ok. Hopefully it will be more in depth later on.
It's too simple. It's a interview about data science.
Introduced Data Science in a good way to a beginner
Felt a little promotional rather than instructive.
Good information, but seemed to be a lot of fluff.
Informative course to get started in data science.
Should include more about data science methodology
It's a good introduction to the general concepts.
More of a Theoretical Course than a Practical One
I think it can be much better i didn't like it.
Too much theory and less of practical knowledge
This is a introduction course for Data Science
Please add for any step same practice example
Could have explained a little more in detail!
Didn't learn a ton and was very basic stuff.
Very basic. Introduced concepts and methods.
Not to challenging , but good as an overview
Very basic course. Almost high-school level.
A good course to know what is Data Science?
Just gives a brief intro about data science
Good, but basic, introduction to the field.
A little too extensive for an introduction.
Thanks for giving such kind of information
Too much theoretical stuff. and very basic
The material on  IBM Watson needs updating
i am not getting more practical knowledge
The level of course sholud be increased.
Quiz questions/answers are worded poorly
The  course is very good for a beginner
Too much repetition and self-evidences
Just a look into world of data science
Good intro, but maybe a bit too long.
This is good starting of data scince.
good enough but not cover all things
The course is not that much details.
It needs more practical excercises.
Should add Programming Assignments
More entry level than I expected.
Very good and informative course.
Essential to know basic concepts!
quite a lot of advertising but ok
I was expecting more information
not all information was provided
It has a good basic knowledge !
The course is more theoretical.
Is Just Informational Course .
Extremely basic and reduntant.
A basic introductory offering.
Very short on use-able skills
Mostly videos on the subject
not much useful information
Just the basic introduction
Very basic, maybe too easy.
First course is very basic
It was dragging too much.
No sufficient information
This course is too basic.
Very basic intro level.
Nice to know. Next one.
too simple and general.
Introductory but basic
unnecessary and boring
An interesting primer
Informational course
Its just basic info.
Good introductory
bit too low level
It is very basic!
Partly redundant
Very theoretical
Too much theory
Not very useful
too mach text
not hands on
Introductory
Basic start
Theoretical
Some flaws
bit slow
It was a good introduction for everyone even novice.
I did not learn much from this course.  I did not enjoy seeing the young data scientists talking about their jobs.  I was not too impressed by Dr. Haider or the professor from NYU.  Dr. Haider misused some words, such as "judgmental" and "argumentative".  Without any evidence or examples for support, he claimed that it was more important for a job applicant to have a sense of humor than technical skills.This course should have named specific techniques used in data science, and how to acquire the knowledge.   Regression was mentioned, but the explanation was inadequate.  Perhaps the explanation should have been omitted.  K-nearest neighbor was mentioned.  Many students want to know what courses to take next, what computer languages to study, etc.  What are the computer programming languages of the future?Students cannot learn everything.  Would it make sense for someone to skip some things, and to focus on others?  Should everyone learn Python?  Does everyone need to learn SQL?  What about Tableau?  Is that worthless? How should students set their learning priorities in order to achieve a basic or minimal skill set within 3 or 6 or 12 months?Remember that most Coursera students already have a college degree.The course was created several years ago, so I think it needs to be updated regarding developments of the last three years.
Very informative and presented by respected individuals with a passion for the field. The only critique is that the material might be a little outdated as it seems to have been created around 2014-2015.
It does in fact answer a basic, fundamental question;  what is Data Science?
"Data science is what data scientist do." I firmly subscribe to the belief in this definition given by Professor White at NYU Stern. Science is never about human accomplishments, a set of opinions or truth. It is a system of the methodology of exploring the truth, understanding oneself and their respective environment, challenging one's constrained thinking and improving the life of mankind for the better. Data science is within the grand scale of science but add a "sexy" touch to it. (as declared by Harvard Business Review) How so? Before data science, we were obsessed with the idea of finding actual causation and could not settle with a strong correlation; We claimed that no one can predict the outcome of any event despite our instinctive use of different indicative signal in my daily life, We argued that artificial intelligence should be rooted in its "general use" nature and should be based on a strong logical structure. However, after the rise of machine learning (especially deep learning networks) was made possible by the increasing computing power, a new direction of understanding the world with a "specific use" type artificial intelligence have arrived.Data scientist integrates the traditional theory that has either been overlooked due to misunderstandings, such as Probability Theory and regular statistical Regression  or tools that have been unused due to lack of technological support, such as machine learning, to formulate an understanding of our behavior, our system and consequently improving the life of mankind for the better. With the identification of statical features, the utilization of machine learning and the employment of analytic with reinforcement of the talents(engineers, developer, financial analyst from the respective discipline, data scientist serve as the hub of hacking complex problems and story-telling of data across the industry.And this course will give you clear outlook of that.
I'm writing this review because it looks like people are too harsh on judging an introductory course. Yes, if you have any experience in data science this introductory course is a bore, but we have to look at it as a statistician. Specifically, the sample set of people who know about data science, maybe who have experience with R or Python or C, do not represent the population total. If we look at the population representing the people who are taking this course, the diversity is outstanding. It would consist of people from different parts of the world, different age groups, different occupations and different levels of experience with data science. Through observation, I am banking that this course is attuned towards a random sample of that population -- ranging from those with comfortable experience to no experience; from high school students to Ph.D. students; from U.S. to India, etc. So if you are new to data science, whatever your age group, whatever your profession, or wherever your location you are in, this is for you to get a macro perspective on what data science is :D. Gate is open, code is open source. :D Viva open source!BUT, I did put a 4 star since some videos did not match the script. Fix that please <_<.
Content provided by the course is very short & videos are handy. One or two page reading material is a cherry on top of this beautiful cake. Course material provided by Prof. Murtaza Haider is excellent & the only professor I can surely say has a great understanding of the subject & clear mindset of what he is going to talk next. I personally believe that short clips of various people inside course videos can be neglected as everyone is repeating everyone else & they are not actually contributing any knowledge to the course but just making a random & irrelevant comments about Data Science. This course can be more enhanced if we put more content from Prof. Haider & Prof. White & give it a more insightful background. Overall I enjoyed this course & I have gained a lot of knowledge about Data Science now. I am being guided in the right direction & I believe I now have clear understanding where to move forward & what to learn to achieve a great success in the fields of Data Science.
I liked the course and the many inputs we got from data science professionals. However, out of all the videos one small piece of it was concerning to me. Norman White seemingly doesnt believe that courses such as these have too much value. It was a little subtle but upon answering the question about how someone can become a data scientist, his responce was that "high end" data scientist are PhD's who will get jobs at places like Google etc. He must not be aware that most people taking these courses are not likely PhD candidates. Also, he seemed to struggle a bit in remembering the name "big data univserity", and said something along the lines of what's it called again. Clearly this is an academia guy who probably deep down believe that you need to be in a brick and mortar school working on a big name degree to be of any value. I think this guy should be removed from these videos.
I enrolled in the IBM Data Science specialization and this is the first course. It says no experience necessary and I was skeptical but went ahead and signed up with--you guessed it-- no experience whatsoever! Starting with almost no knowledge on the subject, I learned a lot. Other reviews suggest that this was too basic for many people. Perhaps there could be a way to test out of it for the specialization? I was happy to find that the work was easily doable over the course of several days. The main thing I would change would be the inconsistencies. I got a wrong answer on a quiz which was then a correct answer on the final assignment. Doing peer reviews of others' answers, I found almost everyone answered the same thing incorrectly, not surprising since the reading on that topic had different information than the answer key with which we were asked to grade.
I thought the course dragged a bit from somewhere in the 2nd week. It may just be that the pace was slower from that point onwards. I liked the simple way in which the concepts were explained using videos and animations. I didn't understand why so much emphasis was given on the format of a report at the end of this course. Yes, a good report is important, but the amount of space it got in this course seemed disproportionate. After all, (as per this course) a Data Scientist ought to be a good story-teller. Then why give such a structured, almost regimented, format for a report? The course is about 'What is Data Science", not on how a Data Scientist writes a report. Let the person use his/her creativity to prepare a report in whatever format is suitable to 'tell the story effectively."
The basic knowledge of Data Science has been introduced which were clear and easy to understand. However, most of the materials are interviews of different data sicence professionals, there were few videos of documented lectures. I think documented lectures are important to present some core concepts in a more academic way. Interviews are sometimes too casual, they are like open discussions, different person could have different feelings or understanding about Data Science. But, as a beginner of Data Science, I need to learn the foundations of Data Science in a more academic way. So I don't think it will be a good idea to use interviews video as the core course material.
It gave a good overview of what Data Science is as a discipline and who Data Scientist should be as a professional. It allows you to understand what Data Science is for a beginner before you consider investing heavily into this field. Please note that although this introductory course is great, rest of the courses in the IBM specialization are not good, especially if you are a beginner (like me) and have no programming and coding experience - you will not learn well because a lot of the content already assumes that you know coding, syntax and complex computer science terms. Read reviews carefully from other courses in this specialization before making any commitment.
It is a good course to remind one of what basic skills are necessary to better understand data science and pursue a specialization in the field. For example, the discussions prompted me to run through a handful of  quick linear algebra refreshers on YouTube. However, I found myself ambivalent about all the chitchat and I was perplexed as to why there was so much emphasis on the structure of the final report. I am not certain that you really need all ten elements to communicate a hypothesis/problem, explain the applied methodology, and make succinct points about the results.  Looking forward to the rest of the course.
After completing this course, I got a glimpse of terms like Data Science, Data Scientist etc. As the course describes they are all like a teaser for a complete picture. Coming from a STEM background and with experience of working on millions of records daily, I feel the topics covered are really less. But seeing the title "What is Data Science?", one should not expect complete details on Data Science. If it was too deep, students with less STEM background might be scared to continue.It was good to hear from professors, data scientists from different background on what Data Science and being data scientist is.
There is a lot of great information in this course. However, there were some technical issues that should be addressed. For instance, the VR exercise in IMB Watson cloud uses screen shots from an old version. I had to read a discussion post to figure out how to do it. Also, the in-video quizzes had some grammatical errors, and some of them were not timed appropriately (coming up right before the material they are referencing). Finally, it would be helpful if the readings were uploaded as a searchable PDF with live links to the references, so we can read them. Overall, solid intro course.
Good introduction into data science, particularly for those with little to no prior knowledge. There were some opinion based statements that somewhat surprisingly became part of assessment as if they were formal definitions - as if the course attempts to reinforce (instead of just acknowledge) the instructors' biases. It was useful that the videos have accompanying texts and occasional pop up quizzes but some of them need updating to better suit the newer videos. Apart from minor user experience issues, this was a good starting place for those wanting to explore data science.
There were a few spots where the information in the labs did not match up with the actual site; I assume that they updated since the course was made. It was not hard to figure out. Additionally there were a number of videos that had problems with the transcription below. There were many that were about 3 lines ahead of the video and there were at least two that were for an entirely different video. I assume the videos were updated recently but the transcript was overlooked or something similar. Other than those minor troubles, I enjoyed the course.
Impressive contents and materials.experienced facilitators from impressive backgrounds in data science and analytics.I like the intermittent review questions, helps in maintaining focus.Thank you for the introduction and access to the IBM Watson VR service, I love the hands on exercise, took some pictures from around the house and tested the VR, Impressive, and still growing. However, I feel IBM Watson VR can still improve in some areas of systemic biases, may be due to cultural gaps...I will recommend this course for anyone interested.
I took this course as the first in the IBM Data Science certificate sequence. The content was good, but the certificate is billed as being for people new to data science and in much of this course the speakers suggest you should have a background in statistics and should have some programming experience to be a data scientist.From what I can gather, I think the other courses in the certificate will prepare people even without those things in their background, but it did give me some concern about whether I'm mistaken about that.
Overall the course was enjoyable and provided good information from relevant sources familiar with the course topic. I'm sure you here this a lot, but the peer-reviewed grading assignment is not a good approach and would recommend that this feature be removed.  I know Coursera has good intentions with this and they are trying to promote positive interaction engage learners to communicate with one another, but individuals taking these courses are not interested in the forum's for the most part.
Self paced and easy without being boring. Interesting material. I felt the peer reviewed assignments and quiz portions promoted rote memorization vice actual understanding. All the ones i grades were clearly copy paste form the reading, yet by the grading rubric, they all scored perfect. The section requiring an account creation and use of the Watson AI application was a waste of time, and its rather annoying to have to create yet another account among the hundreds of others everyone has.
The course was a great introduction to the world of Data Science. I whitnk it would be nice if, regarding the technical aspects of data science, you could include more tools or bibliographical references to train one-self in statistics, math and/or computational skills.  Also, when it comes to definitions, there was some repetitive content along the course. I am really grateful for having had the opportunity to learn about this passionate field. Thank you so much!
The course was rudimentary and not as technical as I was expecting, but did give a really good introduction to what data science actually is and what data scientists do. The articles were more helpful than the videos (though the videos were still worthwhile) and for me the most directly useful part of the course was learning how data scientists structure their reports and deliverables at the end of a project. Definitely worth your time if you're new to the field.
Very very detailed which is something I like. Only reason I didn't give it a full five stars is because the last quizzes in course 1 of this specialization were locked over a weekend. I'm guessing many factors in this decision were at play but I definitely am excited with what Coursera offers and was without Coursera for a sunny weekend. I'm hoping the rest of the courses in this specialization don't have any locked portions.
The content formed a great introduction to the subject but I felt that the quiz-format and peer-reviewed task could have been a little more challenging. I feel that the ease of the questions devalues the course somewhat. The questions should require understanding of the topic rather than purely 'copy from the text' style answers. But, I want to re-iterate that the content and quality of the information provided was excellent.
Generally good content. This is good for beginners with little or no background to Data Science. Some topics were a bit mixed up with each other; but all put together the content was good for a beginner's course.It may be good to add some videos / content from real life corporate stories. Right now, with most of the videos being of academicians, the application of data science in corporate / business scenarios is not emerging
Excellent effort by whoever designed this course, however i think the course should include some real life case studies to better help understand the Scope of the field of data science. Or some real life examples like my instructor once told story about how Facebook and Walmart and some other business giants have used data science to reach success. it will kind of help motivate fresh graduates to move into this field.
A well-communicated introduction that provides a succinct summary of the field for those interested in a career in it but unsure where to start. After completion, I now feel I have a much stronger understanding of what I need to learn and the skills I must develop. I would have preferred some more hands-on exercises, but on balance the content is appropriate for an introductory course such as this.
Please be consistent when asking true/false questions.  Sometimes you put true first and sometimes you put false first.  I selected the incorrect answer to a couple of the true/false questions because I instinctively thought the first response was true and second was false.  I should pay more attention, but setting up the answers consistently would probably help students achieve better grades.
It's a super super introduction to data science. Best for high school/undergrad students with no experience in data science or related fields. Not even introduction to concepts as it dances around those, but more of a first-hand perspective from data scientists and educators of what data science entails before anyone should decide whether or not to move forward on a career in data science.
Very well structured and plenty of interviews with really experienced people (Academia, Business and Experts). The slides catch our attention and the articles are very good. The only thing I'd recommend is to unlock the pdfs files, we can't copy or highlight anything in the files, beside that, would be hepfull to have the transcriptions of the audios in a text file format (word, pdf etc)
This course provides a good overview of what data science is, what data scientist do across different industries and the skills they possess. Having interviews with professionals within the industry give it credibility. I wish in some of the example they went a bit deeper into the mechanics and approach, but I suppose you can only accomplish so much in a broad, introductory course.
Solid content, presented well overall. Guidance for Watson exercise does not match up with current Watson interface, so some extra effort is required to fill in the gaps and complete that exercise. May be more challenging for some folks than others. Final quiz and grading do not line up with course materials, leading to confusion. In summary, good course but needs a few updates.
The course provides a good definition of data science and a data scientist and it's different uses in the industry. In the industry, data science is again divided into data engineering, data science and data analytics and employers are also hiring for these as 3 different roles. It would be  nice to provide an explanation on these different roles as part of data science course.
This course served as a solid high-level introductory course to Data Science as a topic. I feel confident in explaining the very most basic concepts of this topic thanks to this course. I think the course could be improved by including more examples of what Data Science projects look like. For example, data visualization is mentioned frequently, but there are no data visuali
This was my first course in the Data Science Domain and I'm happy I followed through with it. Learning to online courses require perseverance unlike a classroom course where you are under obligation to learn and this course had very apt study materials. The peer graded assignments is a real motivator; Knowing there are others out there grading your course and vice versa.
The course was informational, and even provided access to IBM Watson, which I found to be fascinating. However, with that being said, I would have liked a little hands-on work as well, where we are asked to analyze a sample dataset and come to a conclusion with a given background and proposed hypothesis. Of course, hints and help would be available along the way.
The course introduces to some terms such as Data Science, ML, DL... It shows to the student lots of examples where data science is currently being implemented and for what can be used. Perfect for someone who is starting in the Data field and/or wants to get to know if it is what he/she is looking for. Useless for a person who is already working on the topic.
The course is excellent in explaining the concepts and giving the sufficient reference to practical applications of DATA science.  It also makes sure the participant has understood the key points of the course. It can make it more effective by adding more practical exercises to try different tools of Data science as it has done with IBM Watson.
I don't think this course fit for beginner. It mostly introduces to you application, potential machine learning, which you are likely to have learned in the internet, right? Taking this course may sap out your momentum. In fact, some of its information is helpful for ones learning or have learned the basic machine learning (algorithms).
nice introduction but some questions were very specific to the text in question. even if I responded them correctly it doesn't mean that I learnt something useful for data science or that I will remember the answer a day after. Also I can tell that most of the content is from 2015. I t would be good to update it every couple of years.
A very general course about data science and data scientist. I would not say I learn a whole lot but a good high-level introduction. The exercise walkthrough steps are not in line with the most recent IBM Watson screens. The exercise content needs some update, it took me some explorations to achieve what they exercise wanted me to do.
I give this short course a four-star review because if you are looking for a stand-alone class this probably won't help you out too much. However, if this is part of a course track this is an absolutely an incredible introduction that gives you an idea of how vast data science is and how you can start to scope your focus and studies.
This course helped me finally understand what data science is, as well as get a realistic understanding of what data scientists might do, what you need to become a data science and what kind of compensation data analysts receive. My only critique is that it doesn't talk about the data science career outside of the phD-level track.
Solid introductory course. No technical experience required. It provides a basic understanding of the data science field and the professional skills required to work as a data scientist through a very short series of videos and readings. If the purpose of this course is to provide the answer to the titular question, it succeeds.
This is such an amazing course and i found it really interesting and totally different from other online courses.An introduction about the course is the most important thing instead of starting the course directly into the subject.This course really helped me find out what actually data science is and what data scientists do.
Very good overview of what Data Science is, definition of concepts and field of applications.The last Reading / Assignment is worth for any professional field, as it explains the structure a Report shall have. As the author explains, this is not only a lack of knowledge in undergraduate, but also in doctoral professionals.
It is a good course but stretched too long. It just introduces the 
concepts and definition of Data Science and gives an idea of what one 
does being a Data Scientist. It could've been summed up a lot quicker, 
but there were many repetitive reiterations of the same thing. 
Otherwise, it's good for a basic introduction.
This course will set you as a introductory course for Data Science. You are not going to learn any methodologies or software here, but for someone who is considering Data Science as their career path. this course provide very good insight from current data scientists background and also some insight of their projects.
The course is an aide that provides greater understanding on what data science is and the people that should consider a job in the industry. It was helpful for me personally because I was uncertain that I was on the correct path in considering a data science career. I believe I'm finally starting in the right place.
The course is a very good introduction to the subject matter. I am glad that I took the time to go through everything so that I could understand what data science exactly entails and how to go about educating myself in it. It has sparked an interest in me to continue on my journey of self education in data science.
It was interesting to hear the opinions of the different data scientists that were interviewed for this course and finally to be introduced with the book "Getting Started with Data Science" by Mr. Murtaza Haider, Ph.D. The other professor, from the NYU, talked too much, and unfortunately too much about himself. :)
pdf from the book are a few years old, and data science is a field that evolves very quickly.Also, regarding the Watson Visual Recognition exercice: the link did not work. I registered going directly to the page, but eventually, the link was not available on the IBM could page, and so I could not do the exercice.
Preliminary course provides a basic introduction to the question: "What is Data Science". It provides an interesting, albeit brief, introduction to IBM Cloud and a couple of its features. More as an appetite whetter than sufficient to do much useful with. Looking forward to see what arises in the later courses.
The course is great. The essential know-hows for anyone thinking of stepping into the world of data science are included in this course. The most positive part about this course is that the lectures are timed right they are neither too long nor short. Overall a wonderful and enjoyable course ! Thank you IBM !
A found to be a great motivational course and it meets the objective of giving a perspective of what it is to be a data science. I found the quizes a bit ambiguous and some of them were easy to check / deduce without even reading the corresponding documents or videos. But this course really makes its point!
Overall it is a good class. I enjoyed the content and exercises. There were a few issues with navigation and quiz scoring. More than once, the "mark as completed" button did not work and quiz failed to load or save score. I like the videos in which multiple people with diverse background were interviewed.
Wonderfully structured overview.  Interesting to hear form both aspiring data scientists and Professors White and Haider.  I have a technology background and am interested in shifting my profession in this direction, and this course mapped out what that move would entail and what skills I need to develop.
A nice, simple introduction to what the field of data science is all about. Even though most of what is taught here is common knowledge for those somewhat well-versed in technology, it's good to brush up on the essential questions to remind ourselves why we want to pursue a data science career.
The knowledge about regression, neural network and data science, and tool like hadoop was really awesome and very clear to understand the things.Now I can differentiate the real meaning between data science and data science and can grow up in this particular subject very efficientely I hope so.
Nice start. Give enough motivation to continue learning more after that course. One thing it could be better are the lectures in videos. The quality is OK, but I think it could have more videos, more details, I mean, more content in general. Overall, worth a lot. Thank you IBM. Thanks Coursera.
Very good content. Covered this stuff before but if I were a beginner it woudve been very helpful and easy to follow along. For that reason I give it a four. I cannot give it a 5 because truthfully speaking I just read the document and answered the tests so I cannot say everything was a five.
The information within the What is Data Science course was excellent. My issue is with the fact that I went through the entire class and after receiving the grade for my Final all but one of my quizzes lost their scores. I had to redo all of the quizzes before receiving credit for the class.
A great introductory course for those who are completely new to Data Science, Machine Learning, and all those related terms.For those who have somewhat idea on the subject, or even have read a few elementary articles about Data Science and its trends, this course can be completed quickly.
During this course, I have realized that data science  is so important and it all around the daily operation of everyone.Be better understand what is data science is the basic to learn and improve the efficiency and we could find more interesting in our work and life then can be engaged.
This is a more of an introduction to data science. I guess this helps absolute beginners to the field of Data Science. I was expecting more content in the first part of the specialization. But that doesn't mean I didn't enjoy it. It's really good for anyone who's stepping into the field.
It gives a good overview of the subject and helps you understand what, how and why you need to learn to pursue data scientist career. I would like like to have more extensive talks about application in different fields and what can vary among the industries for you as a data scientist.
Great overview of the field of data science. I found that some of the guided materials for the lab were outdated compared to the current version of what is seen on IBM cloud. Nonetheless, a really great and motivating start to pique anyone's interest in learning more about the field.
This was an excellent design for a course for an introduction. I couldn't help but feel there was more "academic" material forthcoming during the sections. These more encyclopedic, or lecture type learning items just never occurred. I am glad I took the course, all things considered.
The Course was too fruitful in gaining insights into the field of Data Science, specially when you are a beginner and don't know where to start from. It helped in paving the path to the destination of my career. A heartfelt thanks to the Mentor of this course for guiding throughout.
The course "What is data science" deals with the "Introduction to data science". By the end, I got a clear understanding between various concepts of data science and different applications of data science. And student gets to know whether data science is the field they want or not.
Although it is a good introductory course, In addition to the wonderful learning experience using Watson Studio , there should have been one more module that introduced the learner to simple "R" or Python coding . Overall the course met my expectations and I enjoyed the journey.
Could've been concise on how to implement the findings of a data scientist on a daily basis. Useful if you're thinking about a career change, will definitely give some insights if this is the right pattern for you to pursue as a next step in your professional career/development.
I like it as a general introduction to Data Science, but i think it is a bit too general to be a full fledged course on its own? It's more like an info session for Data Science. Still love it tho. Got some valuable information about the trend and general approaches in the field.
Great course to give you a full overview of what data science is and what sorts of projects you will work on. This course does not go in depth into any one topic so you will need to go elsewhere for more technical courses. The quizzes were a bit mindless but otherwise was good!
excellent course for beginners , I recommend you to complete all the courses under this professional certificate ,the materials given are very useful ,you can download and review at any time . nice animated lectures . definitely you will get basics for data science foundations.
The course gives a clear understanding of what is data science, who are data scientists, what activities do they perform, and what are the essential characteristics one must possess in order to become a data scientist.  However in terms of content, a bit less satisfying.
This course give you an introduction what is data science concept. What the key component to be data scientist. Overall it is okay but  for the supplement material should be more update since instructions have some key point missing. Overall it's a good class to start
I love this course. It learn from the Basic. It will useful for Beginners also who does not have much knowledge about Data Science. It explain from Basic. It will help to understand easily.  But have easy examination. It should be some tough question should be there.
Most of the content is a general concept that does not involve skill practice. The main propose is to help you understand what Data Science is and what Data scientists do. Personally speaking, I prefer to learn some new technology, therefor I only grade for 4 stars.
excellent experience but not  much thing about data science. really in this course i realize inner thinking of data science. to learn the basic thing of data science in this course my excitement is increase very huge to learn about data science. really great course.
As PhD student taking this course, I expected to see if I'm really fit to the field of data science or not. Although the course was good, it could be improved if it gives students some initial taste to this field by giving them some easy projects in different areas.
Very informative.I have a question though, I have completed my the first sub course of this the IBM professional certificate. But My assignment is due check. Can anyone please let me know when do I get access to the next sub course and the following other courses?
Material was enjoyable but had a slight glitch when I finished my final assignment and it rendered all my quizzes incomplete. I definitely took them as I went through the course as I did not advance until completing them. Annoying but otherwise a good experience.
This course gave me a broad understanding of what Data Science is and where it is going. The possibilities are numerous and so are the opportunities for many different walks of life. It's worth looking into if you are curious, tech savvy and can communicate well.
Faculty video of Dr. White requires to improve on sound of the professor.Course should clearly state the difference between AI, Machine learning, etc. with help of examples.Except it everything is good and course goes very smoothly and with proper understanding.
This course provides you with the fundamentals of the data science, the tools and notions you will meet ahead in this field of study and a very transparent depiction of a data scientist's mindset. Great start to earn your attention for the rest of the course.
A wonderful beginning to my journey to become a data scientist. Listening to experienced data scientists and their contributions to the field gave me goose bumps and I have never been more inspired to be one of them and be part of the data science community.
This course help me to understand about data science and data scientist. Before studying this course, I thought I had known about these terms good enough, however this course also makes me surprise with new knowledge that I gained. Recommended for everyone.
Is a very good introduction to Data Science. Videos and quizzes are very appropriate to the subject.I had a few problems to finish the project in IBM Cloud, even if the instructions were very easy to follow. There're also a few videos with wrong subtitles.
Great that you can take notes, but unfortunately as of now can't export them.  Plus I got everything right for the last part of the final assessment, but marked wrong.  Maybe work on an algorithm for grading in addition to peer-review (e.g. like Duolingo).
It would be more helpful if this course had more of hands on training insted of soo much theory as i found  the course intresting initially as it was more ful learning identifying the objects in image. I feel it should be more hands on then what it is.
The course was overall clear and well constructed, I particularly enjoyed having explanations from several professors/data scientist. I am rating 4 stars instead of 5 because a couple of times the captions didn't match the actual content of the video.
Useful to get a first insight, understanding of what data science is, what data scientist do, the tools the use and what's the relationship with Big Data. I would recommend to carefully read this module before engaging many hours in the next lessons.
Just an introductory course but helps understand where to start and how to go about it. It should, however, also explain how people working in existing non technical profiles like sales and marketing, HR, etc take advantage by learning data science.
A really good introduction although I felt it slightly lost course going into too much information about the individuals. Could do with more challenging questions as most of us know why we are starting this course, thus have some solid understanding
Great experience, this journey in data science with experienced and talented teachers and professionals, take us deeper in what Data science is,what is the data scientist role and how data science change people's lifes and solve companies problem.
OVER COURSE CONTENT ARE GOOD. Following few suggestion may make course more interestingPl update all forecast like jobs, requirement of data scientist for 2020 and ahead. Most of figure and number are old.few video do not have correct subtitles .
Great course for absolute beginners. You get and idea about what is data science and how the data professions differ from each other. But I don't think we needed this to take a whole course, could have been done in one section of an intro course.
Nice introduction to Data Science. Nice short and sweet duration.Even though the focus is not on tools, more on principles and approaches, I would've liked a little more background on the most common tools, and what areas/cases they are good in.
I have taken many classes for DS and gone through with many videos but this found this course very informative and in depth. This clears your concept of DS and allows you to think beyond complex tools required by DS as highlighted in the market.
subtitles in video were not good, even some were totally irrelevant, Audio was not that good too, it was more like a robotic voice, a natural voice has much more retention of users : ), course was nice though, specially Mr haider sir, thank you
I found this course as a wonderful course.I noticed that videos were really very helpful,fruitful,and easy to understand.I liked the grade and the deadline system of the course. I hope that I will keep getting many wonderfull courses like this.
Guide you walk through topics what is data science, how to be a data scientist and how data science can be used in different areas, and the last reassignment let you rethink about you pursuit and goal for being a data scientist or related jobs.
Very broad overview of what data science is. It is helpful for someone who is completely new to the topic so that is goo, for someone who is familiar it gets redundant. Most of the material is available on big data university so was just review
The course provide the basic concept and component of data science and skill needed to be a Data Scientist. This course really helped me with all the confusion about data science and what are the characteristics needed to be a data scientist.
I would have loved that the videos include graphic representations of different data science techniques being applied, such as data visualization, classification or simple AIs. It was a great introductory course of the concepts and relevance.
This course gives you the big picture of data science and related terms. And this is very necessary to know why we are learning Data Science before hands-on. So yeah this course gives you an idea about data science and why we are learning it.
The reading literature can be coherent as sometimes it appears out of the blue.  The video lectures (few of them) are sometimes repetitive. Having one speaker per subject is more helpful rather than multiple speakers. It just shifts focus.
I recently ordered Professor Haider's textbook, and it is excellent! Unfortunately, it is only suggested and not required to complete this course. I think the course can improve a great deal by including Professor Haider's book more often.
For my taste a bit too much redundancy in the videos, particularly regarding the heterogenity of the field and the motivational aspects, hence only the 4 stars. But in general a good introduction, providing for a smooth entry in the field.
Maybe I am wrong, because it is "just" an introduction course about Data Science but I recommand to make it more difficult to pass the course to get a better reputation about it. Besides that, I enjoyed the video material and the articels.
Good overview of Data science and its implementation. It can be improved in an area of giving technical exposure to the world, as the whole course was theoretical and does not provide any technical exposure or future steps to be performed.
This course was detailed, covered all the aspect of Data Science, If someone is planning to pursue Data Science Course this will be really helpful in understanding of the course,What are the skills you will require to pursue this course.
This course was really very helpful for me. it clears my basics regarding data science.Thank you so much for such a great course.I recommend that those who want to go into the field of data science, must start learning with this course.
This course gives you the detailed knowledge of what is data science and the role of data scientist and how data scientist should think being as data scientist.it also explain the need of data scientist in the current and future world.
Great introductory course! My only feedback is the parts of a report section, it is stated that there are 10 parts but about 11 topics are discussed so its hard to tell which is not part of the 10 (I believe its the Executive Summary)
Very basic introductory with interview videos from a few professionals and professors. I wish it could be a little more comprehensive. Reading a data science introductory book would work better for this purpose. Overall, a good start.
Good introduction with definitions of concepts.  Some of the quiz questions can seem a little irrelevant though when they ask for rote memorization like who authored this paper or exactly how many jobs will be unfilled in the future.
The peer-graded assignment was confusing because as much as you explain it right you wouldn't pass unless the person who is grading your assignment feels like you can pass. The only time you will pass is when the grader feels Happy.
The product is well-produced and informative, but VERY introductory. It feel a bit more like a sales pitch with Q&A than a course. Three weeks can be completed in a few hours. So, prepare to turn up the video playback speed to 1.5x!
If someone does not have any prior experience in Data Science , I think this course is a great start to get to know what is actually Data Science and why it' s called that. All the processes and what it takes to be a Data Scientist.
A fantastic course to boost your knowledge about Data Science and how it's revolutionizing the world and a how you can become a Data Scientist.Its for all the aspirant who have no information about Data Science or a Data Scientist.
In general, the course is very effective and useful. I feel some of the questions raised in the assessments after each reading are not key. Could include other type of questions that are more critical for the knowledge development.
Some of the course material in week 1 in regards to setting up and using the IBM cloud lite account has changed and no longer matches what it actually looks like.  It took a while to conduct some research and get past this hurdle.
the course was good and gave me a basic understanding of what data scientists are and how they generally approach a problem. it could've been extended to a little practical side of this field, but still am happy with the content.
I liked it and it was a great motivation for me towards Data Science. Although the course did not gave any implementation details nor any programming or mathematics tutorial but was more for motivation and guiding the way ahead.
Would have liked a bit less music. Speakers were good. The university professors were comfortable in front of the camera and were well-spoken. There was one instance, I think in Week 3, where the translation was completely off.
It is so basic course and some materials should be fixed (some videos have inappropriate subtitle for example).On the other hand, it gives what is offering. You can learn exactly what is data science and what data scientist do.
Material is good however, some of the documents referred to are old in time and relevance. Fox example, document mentioning demand of data scientist gave predictions for 2018. Hence, these documents are at least 4-5 years old.
The course is perfunctory for introducing the field to newcomers. Pacing is a little slower than I'd like. I enjoyed the focus on curiosity, social skills and storytelling as integral components of a successful data scientist.
Good introduction to Data Science. Gives a very in-depth perspective on what the day to day life of a data scientist looks like. Also provides examples of attributes and skills which will be helpful to future data scientists.
It very crisply introduce you to the world of data science. I personally like the reference material they have followed in the course. Thank you and looking forward to complete all other related course to this specialisation.
The course provides good basic understand of "What is Data Science".But some of the quiz questions tent to focus more on finding the exact words as defined in the text, rather then test the understanding of learned materials.
The course provide a very good and detailed introduction about data science and its sub field. along with the history of data sciences.Further, course structure also tell you what does industry expects from a data scientist.
This course could be week one of a larger course, as it only took a few hours or so to complete. In addition, a lot of the questions were based on what someone said, or some random fact, but not necessarily anything useful.
This orientation course is not what I expected. I was expecting a deep dive into Data Science and its tools. However, it was very informative about the skills needed by the Data Scientist to perform in this field of work.
Overall, a good introduction to what data science is and what is not.  A good eye opener before taking the plunge into the overall program.Having said that: The lesson could be shortened a bit and achieve the same result.
it was a nice experience to have actual data scientist telling you their own definitions and experiences regarding this subject. It may have lacked a little of on hands assignments, but was overall a rewarding experience.
Informative course, that describes what a data scientist is and provides a background to the topic. As part of the specialization it is fine, but certainly not worth paying for on its own. Completed in 2 days after work.
It is the perfect introduction for anyone who does not know anything about Data Science, if you have experience under your belt it's gonna feel boring, although if your main language is not English it's a nice practice.
Videos and reading material is good especially from Dr. Haider and Prof. Norman White.Need more examples or scenarios about data science and implications of data science at various fileds by respective data scientists.
It was a good introductory start to peaky and huge field. The advises shared by senior and experienced people in the field was very enriching. Also IBM has instilled a strong hope for Data Science through this course.
It was only theory it would be alot better if there was hands on practice material or something like that. Overall if you want general idea of what is data science and how it works it might be a great start for you.
This is only the introduction. It is great for someone who knows nothing about the industry. A bit tedious for how long it takes for those a bit more knowledgeable of the field. Great structure and lots of detail.
Many-many thanks to entire team.I would like to add one point - "While introducing Hadoop my expecting was to have some more graphs to explain its concept although story telling was excellent and very much clear.
Good to new learners without business or research experience. The professors' points are very clear and solid. For the people have some business sense, it may be a bit simple while good to be a refresh material.
Provides some good background and definitions about elements of Data Science without being intimidating or going into too much detail in any 1 area. Good interviews with qualified professionals in the field.
A good introduction to data science. I love how the videos do not simply only contain facts but relates them to real individuals experiences. This was so easy to understand! I loved the IBM Watson exercise!
Best Course and Coursera is a great platform to learn when i started it was a 3 week course but it was so much interesting that i just loved it and kept on doing the courses continuously.Best Place to Learn
Good course explaining the very basics of Data Science. I believe that the course may be a bit repetative from time to time which may not be necessary for the simple nature of the things gone through here,
A very basic introductory course which gives you an idea of what Data Science. Great for people who are completely new to the field. Would recommend people who have a basic idea to skim through the course.
This course has enabled me to understand data science in a broad way, its application and the need for data science in the world as well as gave tips on what attributes you need to become a data scientist
This course provides you a basic informative idea about Data Science. Starting from How Data Science evolved? Why analyzing data is required?,  to Various methods of doing so, all is well-explained here.
Good quality lectures but very basic. Would have given 5 stars if Reading material was better and more technical. Also the courses locked 2nd and 3rd week quiz. It doesn't allow us to do on a fast pace.
The course was pretty good. It gave a nice birds-eye view of data science, its various tools and techniques, and its future. The course also gave an idea about the skills requires to excel in the field.
Data Science 101 through interviews of folks in the field. This interview style learning was a nice change of pace and couldn't be used for many topics, but I liked it for this beginner/101 type course.
I was happy with content quality, but the peer review system is incredibly slow, and holds back meritorious candidates. Please reduce the latency between assignment marked and grade shown on dashboard.
i found course is very helpful for me and  new candidates. it indroduces scope and varoius facts about data science, i enjoyed by learning this course. course  quizes are helpful to understand subject.
It is a good start I could say, because folks like me who does not have any prior knowledge on what exactly a Data Science is, I recommend learning this module will give better understanding.Thank you
Very good introduction into data science. Some of the videos are very monotone, and it's easy to lose track of where the conversation is going. If you pay attention, you can get some good information.
The unique way the definitions of Data Science and Scientist were explained was exemplary. Hearing from experts and people who are practicing Data science is what made the course interesting thus far.
This section of the course is decidedly an orientation and not so much an introduction. It leaves more to the student to wonder, which perhaps is intended to encourage students and not to hammer them.
The course is a perfect introduction to data science, making a person comfortable and showing the participants of the course a daily work of data scientist and to simplify the meaning of data science.
The Course answers the question which the title says. It is a very basic course, and no skill can be learned from this, but it provides insights from actual people who are working /teach data science.
Good as an introduction to what data science is and what can be done with it.Eventhough it is supposed to be an introduction, it could contain a lot more of different tecniques used in data science.
if you are unknown to the data science, this is right for you. it introduces you the basic role of data science, the professional pathways, its involvement in global scenario and future prospectus.
A nice synopsis of the "big ideas" in data science. Helpful orientation for people who know about data science primarily as a buzzword. Organization is good, explanations are clear, pacing is fine.
Through this course I could understand the complete picture that a data scientist is expected to see. Really recommend this course for someone who wants to understand what Data science is actually.
This course gives you the brief of the subject "Data Science" (like what all tools are required, what are the application, projects, presentation and documentation) and the role of Data Scientist.
The captions are not consistent with the video. For certain areas there were inconsistencies between questions asked and video content however overall it was a beneficial and informative course.
This course will ultimately develop a interest to dive in deep in the field of data science,the course will not cover in depth but will give you an overview about what actually data science is.
Good insights for beginners, but could be improved by adding more exclusive and interesting readings to give a better understanding of Data Science. Overall, a good start point  for beginner:)
I liked how the course introduced many concepts, and the methodology made the learning process smooth, however, I would have expected a bit more depth to give it 5 stars. Still, I enjoyed it.
It was a good course for getting an idea about what is data science and what do data scientists do. The IBM Watson studio example provided in this course is outdated and needs to be reviewed.
This is a very good course for beginners. It gives a good understanding for those just stepping into the big varied world of data science. Must take course to orient oneself into this space.
Wasn't a fan - pretty basic, but I guess necessary.  I would have given a 5-star rating because I don't know how else this could have been accomplished but my personal experience was 4-star.
it was an amazing experience with this course. I learned a lot about data science and i got motivated by this introductory course. This will help me in further getting deep into the course.
This course is a great introduction to what Data Science is. It is not super hard or very long. It could be a little more involved or a little more detailed, but otherwise is a great start.
I gained a lot of the introductory level skills and knowledge of data science from this course. The exams were based on the videos and lectures in each section which was a great refresher.
The course was really great but the quizs were related to the reading of the book material. The quizes could have been more about the data science rather than about the person's opinion.
I am Pradnyapal Meshram i like this course too much it clears all fundamentals of data science and how data scientist works in industry in diffrent technology like R, Python Apache spark
It's a good introduction to Data Science, but one course just for that? I felt dissapointed. I will continue with the next course because I really want to learn how to do Data Science.
The course is an introduction to data science with multiple examples of data science tools and fields of application. I suggest it for people who never had any experience in the field.
Un-intimidating introduction to basic data science definitions and backgrounds to data science professionals.  Bite-size videos, solid speakers, helpful quick checks for understanding.
its very helpful for me as its my first course for data science.This course is having a lot of good expert interviews on different topics of data science and it is really very helpful.
I have learned the complete  basics of the data science and how do data scientists work in a full fledged way.......And finally i am very much excited to start my data science career.
This is good and really gave a great start on my path to learning about Data science and which career choices are available. I'm exciting about taking advanced course, this is great!!
For beginners this course is literally best, one can get this course and start their journey towards Data Science. This will definitely will give the confidence to learn Data Science.
Thank you for the course. It was well structured and easy to understand. Only recommendation to put give more assignments or example. But overall, it was interesting and eye-opening.
I do not like the first week but the second and third week is really good. Especially the video made for high school students i will have a lot of things to do during this summer now
Course itself was good however I am finding SOME of the test question wording to be a bit tricky. I have to read some of the questions 2 or 3X in order to choose the correct answer.
Great experience.I have been a complete to Data Science.This course helped me knowing some basics of Data Science.What to study,How to study,a pathway of becoming a data scientist.
excellent classes, but I Think that  transcription will be in french also or will be traducte in this language. I am french studiant and it took me large time to understand. thanks
The course introduction has been put in very simple terms by Prof. Haider and Prof. White along with few data scientists and it sets the foundation for the aspiring Data Scientist
Lots of fluff - good for people who may have never heard of data science, but I feel like that crowd and the people taking this certification course are pretty mutually exclusive.
Good course, good introduction to the topic but didn't like getting stuck in the peer-review system. Could have used that time to learn instead of spamming people to get reviews.
It was my pleasure to start Data Science using this introductory course. Content was clear. Now, i am pretty much clear about data science, scope of data science, use cases, etc.
This is a good introductory course. It felt a little slow to me because I had just finished a book covering most of this content. I'm excited to get into the following courses!
Good Introduction to the v.interesting area of data science, its applications and the techniques/tools that are used.Being curious is the ultimate thins to be in data science!!
Basic introduction to the concept of data science and the role of a data scientist / analyst. Good for setting the ground for the next courses, which should be more technical.
The course is really good for the people who want to start their career in data science or are in the beginning stage. Course overviews all the basic elements of Data Sciences
Its the best introductory course for the beginners in Data Science . Individuals who want to know about the Data Science can go through this course for thorough understanding.
Very nicely arranged for the beginners.Study materials should more precise and compact.At the beginning  steps are to be mentioned to complete the course.Ok ,very good.Thanks.
Its a really chilled and informative introduction to data science. It can help you gain more perspective from various people who deal with data science in their everyday life.
This course allows to immerse in Data Science subject. However, it is a kinda basic. It would be better if we could learn more about some software, tools, etc. in this course.
This provides a solid introduction to what data science is from a number of perspectives.  The question answer format, as well as the presence of the transcripts was helpful.
Good introduction to data science for the complete novice. Well presented, and the exercises were useful for understanding. However, it could have been a bit shorter, though.
Great overview and introduction on what data science is. Only minus is that the reading material is hard to read on a mobile device, as it does not scale to the screen size.
Gives a good brief background about the type of people that get into data science and what it could potentially entail. Good for a beginner to see what is possibly expected.
I was expecting the course to be a lot more scientific on the first few weeks, although I appreciate the introduction course, I expect more scientific rigor in the next ones
Most of what was taught in the course is very insightful. It manages to orient the learner and provide a broader view of what data science is. This course could be shorter.
Great insights by the experts in the field, has exponentially increased my interest in this subject. Also it cleared many of my confusions about the  jargons of this field.
Very nice and subtle introduction to data science . All of the content is updated and the intstructors are just amazing . Thank you Coursera and IBM for making this course.
I think this course works well as an introduction class for the people who are new to data science. Not very systemetic but easy understanding videos and reading materials.
I really liked how the course has been initiated and the way in which experts in the field have been onboarded in order to understand what it likes to be a data scientist.
So many theoretical things which makes this course very long , could have made it short and summarized , nothing to learn any skill but to know about what is data science.
good start point for someone who interests in Data science with zero idea about Data Science. However, for someone who already have some ideas about it, you can skip this.
This course was very helpful, I had the chance to understand many things about data science universe and what skills should I work on to build my profile as data scientist
good for begginers, not practical but it's will give you nice background for what skill's needed, demand for the field, interesting interviews with proffesors and workers.
The Important parts of the course are all in reading materials. The videos are just interviews, which are to be honest very informative but they were not in tutorials way.
Data science always attracted me. the content is very good to understand What is data science, I will look forward to do more advanced data science courses through courser
The material was a good introduction for a beginner and the materials were easy to follow.  Peer review is somewhat subjective, but I guess this is more Coursera related.
I thought the course should have spent more time actually defining data science, data analytic and many of the terms thrown out in the video. Plus the content felt dated.
The class materials are elaborate. I love how they explained their real life teaching experiences in data science by two professors. Thank you! It gave me a sound start.
The videos were fine for orientation level, but the readings were totally... most of the readings are basically cutouts from opinion pieces that don't fit with anything.
Very easy introduction into data science. Good for giving people who aren't familiar with it a brief overview of the topic. Definitely could be a two week course though.
The cases discussed in the class were good. Since it is the introductory course, definitions were taught. Looking forward for hands-on experience in the further courses
This unit was a great introduction into what data science is. It has given me a lot of information about what I do not know, which is a useful pointer to further study.
it is quite a good course to get the basic understanding about the data science.This course is actually helps to find your right foot towards the field of data science,
The course named "what is data science" is excellent. The way the course organised is good. In attracts to complete other 8 courses in the specialization. Thank you .
A nice overview but I think it could have been  shorter.a Perhaps some real examples where data science is used with actual data and graphs would be more informative.
A very succinct overview of data science. Given the learner, a quick peek into the power of data science and its applications. Well worth the time! To the next one!!
This was my first Coursera course. I found the arrangement of materials to be good. Heuristic. It said a strong ontological premise, understanding for a deeper dive.
A good introductory course for those who are completely new to Data Science. I learned a lot of new jargons/terms that are relevant to the industry today. Thank you!
A good course for beginners as it explains completely what data science is as we get a lot confused between data science and data mining and other data related words
Good introduction to data science without much technical jargon! Well-balanced readings, easy to follow, with time-adequate, enjoyable and relatable video lectures!
A good course, easy to follow albeit i struggled to keep to pace due to my work commitments. I would like to continue where I was last active. How do I go about it?
I felt this was a good introduction to Data Science. There's not a lot of nuts & bolts kind of learning, but that's not what it's about, anyway. It's just an intro.
Good introduction to data science via readings and video content.Would have been good to have examples of real life problems that were tackled through data science.
It is a good introduction about data science and requirements of being a data scientist. Hope the practical lessons will follow. The tests are preety easy to pass.
Interesting course. It's a shame they did not mention what skills and qualifications are necessary to excel in the field until the final week. Otherwise very good.
Very good introductory course for data science. Doesn't go to deep, but gives you a sense to decide whether or not you wish to proceed with data science learning
It was a good beginners course in data science which gives and overall view of what data science is and about all the recipe required to stand out in this field.
This Course gives the basic idea of Data science and what does Data scientist do. It gives basic understanding  about Big-Data, Machine learning, Deep learning.
Some of the speakers in the videos are a bit structured, and it would benefit the listener if there was a synthesis of the comments to bring the ideas together.
It's an OKAY course. A beginner can know about various terms that are used in the field of Data Science through this course and can begin his/her study in this.
It gives brief introduction to Data Science and helps you make pathway to learn data science or Become data science! Thank you Coursera and Course instructors!
Thought that three weeks to learn & understand what data science is a little too long for comprehension. But, there's wisdom in slow-and-steady so i'll digress
Good overview of what constitutes data science and what is needed to become a data scientist.Very informative and well structured introduction to data science.
It's a very good introduction course but it doesn't have alot of information just some general introductions to data science, and i'm generally ok with that :D
Good overview of data science without getting too technical. Good introduction but looking forward to getting more technical with some of the advanced courses.
Good way to get feet wet. Would be better if emphasis was shifted from how dynamic the field is, too some more specific example of professional opportunities
All of the information was very useful, but some of the videos had content unrelated to the section it was in. All of the videos were still very informative.
Very good introduction, however, I believe that we should have more industry professionals talking bout real world problems and examples instead of students.
Thank you for the introductory course. The videos are very simple and rich in information at the same time. It's a motivator to resume in the certification.
For an introduction in the field of Data Science, to learn about Data Science and Data Scientist and applications of Data Science it's an excellent course.
This course is more of an introduction to Data Science. It is a brief overview of what data science is and where it apply by using different applications.
Fairly good course and rather easy to get through. It serves as a good beginner's introduction to the data science world and establishes the fundamentals.
The course is useful to get a first introduction to Data Science. However, it is quite superficial for the moment. The reading material could be extended.
Great course so far but it was confusing at the end when it was unclear what was being tested...it appeared that the test pertained to a different lesson.
Could have shown the various tools available in the market for data science. A high level approach to data science using the tools would have been useful
Very good introductory course to help you learn what data science and data scientists really are. Do not expect much but its a door opener to the topics.
This course is a great addition to my skill set. I am really grateful to IBM for this initiative. Looking forward to completing the remaining 3 modules.
As i was a newer in this field. I've gain much more about Data Science.This course contain good contents. But it was little old but overall it was good.
This is very well crafted course for beginners to understand basic concept of Data Science before going for higher education in this Data Science field.
Good session, we get to know experts opinion on the subject. What really matters is your interest in the subject,  technical stuff can be learnt anytime
A very good introduction to what the major terminologies of data science mean, and what kind of mindset and skills are needed to become data scientists.
Its was a good experience at course 1 and i am willing to continue with other courses as well. Looking forward to get enrolled soon as possible. Thanks
It's a very good introduction to data science but could use a little streamlining, gets repetitive and some of the transcriptions don't match the video
Good if you have no basis whatsoever in Data Science. It can be a bit sluggish if you have an understanding of it, but I think it's great if you don't.
A very simple elementary course which sheds lights on what data science is about, its applications and what a person should have to be a data scientist
Very good course to provide the introduction to Data Science. Could have touch based a bit more into the tools that enable Data Science and Scientists.
It's a good introductory course if you know nothing about data science, but if you have a little idea of the subject it lacks of interesting material.
for data science beginner the Content is good but bit not consistent. some questions in quiz which are from reading material are irrelevant to topic.
course material is Useful . Explanations are Very well . But The belief that this  Course  is a skill it doesn't . It just the part of data science.
Professor is okay, however she ran into some problems with calculations quite often and it was quite hard to follow on the use of specific formulas.
Very useful course as a first step moving towards Data Science. It really helped me to understand what a Data Scientist does and what he/she can do!
A nice introduction to data science. However, I would appreciate more detailed content since this course was quite shallow and sometimes repetitive.
Very good overview and introduction to the field of data science and characteristics and skills required to begin your journey as a data scientist.
for me, cause i'm putting my first steps on the way to the data science world , this course is a good kick off, i have e finished it with in 2 days
The course gives me a good perspective of data science, however, I expected more details.I really enjoyed this interview base learning.Thanks, IMB
Nice course, The platform to learn what is data science. But I would suggest to little more real life examples data science report to add with it.
The Data Science course for beginners is very helpful and it covers each topic in detail so that students can understand it. This course is good.
Course content is good.But could be better if we have included more real time examples to understand and explore the capabilities of Data Science
Not bad, it's a good introduction for Data Science. Maybe this course is too long, the content could be reduced a bit. Also, I recommend it 100%!
It's a good first approach to Data Science. There is no practice in the course but you'll get the key concepts to introduce you to Data Science.
helpful to understand the structure and basic knowledge of data science, looking forward to learning more specific tools to solve data problems!
Easy and bite-sized information that provides a good overview of what data science is all about and some of its basic applications.Great course!
Overall it's a good course with a detailed overview of Data Science and What Data Scientists do and how it helps to solve real-world problems!!
Nicely covered what is mean by data science ,its possible career path and how is relevant to today worldSubject effectively delivered by expert
I am not a statist or mathematician. This course made me feel I still have hope in learning data science and applying efficiently in my career.
I think it would be good if in the interviews they talk a little more about real cases to which to apply data science and a bit of the process
Short course perfect for people willing to learn about data science but with no real understanding of what is it or what can it be helpful for
Very good course for the beginners as it describes clearly all the contents and is a great introduction to start career in data science world.
This course basically gives you an overview about data science, its apllication and future demand .THANKS FOR GRANTING ME SUCH AN OPPORTUNITY
It was helpful in seeing what is expected of a data scientist but I do not believe I needed to take this course to learn what was told to me.
Overall it was a good introduction. I just feel that it was too short and was easy enough to finish fast without requiring too much readings.
It is an easy course. But we have to consider that it is the first course, so it is an introduction. It is good for people who is starting.
It felt like less of being taught how to do data science and more of how useful it can be or is. Otherwise for what it did do, it did well.
A Good course for beginners, but if you modify the course by putting some practical assignments and work. that can be the a positive thing.
The Course provides a strong understanding of what Data Science mean and also enlightens an individual as to how to work with Data Science.
Really helpful for beginners in Data Science as concepts, terminologies explained in simplest way relating to practical real life examples.
The final grade, with only 1 review was not as scientific as I would like.  Overall, great introduction and exactly what I was looking for.
Most of the knowledge in this course are very common basic ones, not deeply explained, but as a data science beginner, it is a good start.
Good introduction to data science. This course is about what does really data science means and what does data scientist do in real world?
There some points that I disagree. So That's why not 5 stars.. but generally, very good introduction to Data Science. Thank you very much.
The course is well explained but it was just about fundamentals. I hope it gets more practical on the next courses of the specialization!
Very basic course and definitely not worth 2 grand. Would recommend it for absolute beginners who has no clue about what is data science.
A good introduction about general principles and some reading tasks. It motivates for further courses with more quantitative orientation.
This provides a general picture of what data science is and what data scientists do. A good introduction, but not many practical skills.
This course helps me a lot to understand the basics of data science and also it blow my confidence to learn and go deep in data science.
For beginners in Data Science its perfect. For those who are already in Data Science, nice refresher on the objectives of the discipline
Great intro, covers all the basics.  Thee course content is a mix of reading and videos from data scientists and educators in the field.
Quite engaging, even though it seems that the contents are not that complex. But, engaging enough for me to continue  to keep learning.
Excellent overview of DS and a good way to reel students in to start learning more and more about the sexiest job of the 21st century .
I was the best experience learning what is Data science. A great platform for the new learners who want  a quick learning online based.
I got to know the basics of Data Science & understood the key skills that I need to acquire in order to start my career in Data Science
In general it definitely gives good info about data science but it is longer than it is should be in addition to repetition and water.
The course is Well N good But it is too Short Overall It is okk.Must Go For This course if u want to know what is actual data science.
A good overview/introduction to the practice and profession of data scientists. This course is informative rather than skill-building.
its a basic course of data science. a beginner can easily understand the language and know all the basics components of data science.
The course, material and instructors are amazing and perfect. Strongly recommend it as a start for anyone curious about Data Science.
Great content, speakers were great. I just found the content little bit superficial, I would suggest to include more in-deep content.
it is just an introduction to what is data science and what is the roll, should be replace this course with something more important
It gives a good foundation of what data science really is and what you can expect of being a data scientist or during these courses.
I like it because it give my a brief intro about the data science and what I need to focus on following study in data science field.
Good intro. Love the inclusive definition of a data scientist. Peer review opportunity helps solidify one’s own learning experience.
Title is pretty self-explanatory. Like all introductory courses, it gives definitions of data science and other general information.
Great introductory course for what is data science, how it came to be, and what basic functions/jobs that data science can apply to.
Excellent videos with experts to put concepts in perspective. I really liked this course for a good introduction about data science
It has helpful  me alot to clearify details of data sciece,video had explain it so nicely . I really like these cerificate courses.
Greate introduction for data science and job to do for a data scientist can go deeper also while considering the theoretical part.
Overall a good start to a program like this however it certainly leaves you excited and eager for the "Meat and Potatoes" to come.
Explains very well what is data science and what data scientists do. Do not expect to learn any practical stuff with this course.
It is a fairly good introduction to data science. There isn't much to learn here if you've already dipped your toes in the field.
Basic information is given in this course if you are interested to know in what is actually data sciencw the go for this course.
Awesome course for beginners scrolling through different books, loads of information and enrollig into other expensive courses.
Very informational. Teaches the nitty gritty details of what a Data Scientist does and what Data Science actually is. Thank you
We can probably add some more links for reference, so that we can get more information to go through. Some books or references.
A good introduction, but a lot of fluff in the videos that are more appropriate for high schoolers then professional education.
The course provided an overview of what data science is about. Good start for those who want to learn the subject from scratch.
Good for newcomers, but a bit lean for those who know something of the field. Yet it's an introductory course and worth taking.
The quizzes are overly complex as I feel the target audience should not be grilled on their ability for reading comprehension.
UX environment as displayed in the Coursera modules no longer matches the UX in the IBM platform.  Can get a little confusing.
The course presents in a very nice introduction into what data science is and what a data scientist do! I truly recommend it.
This is only the beginning of way to become data scientist... we need to keep going till we get the necessary skills we need!
Very good introduction. But the content is little and not well constructed. More information is needed to form a good course.
It's an informative and a good introductory course in Data Science and in its concepts but I wished that if it was credited.
This is a brief introduction to data science. If you want more detailed explanation go for a specialization in Data science.
This course provides a good overview of what data science is and what data scientists do. It is a little repetitive however.
The course is extremely informative and is highly valuable to someone looking for a starting point in the Big data industry.
Excellent content to start with. Highly informative yet simple enough for people with no prior background in Data Sciences.
I'm quite happy that I have done this course. Gave me clarity on the subject and enough detail for understanding the topic.
A good introductory course. I wish it specified a bit more about which technical skills we should be looking at developing.
Good overview of data science. However, this course should have been optional for the IBM professional certificate program.
Great starting point for people without a background on Data Science. Strongly recommend before jumping to bigger subjects.
It's so useful, but i think, the recommended note was written in hard literature, in it was difficult for me to understand,
I liked the in video question prompts which draws the attention of the learner and keeps him hooked to the video tutorials
Data science is an inter disciplinary field that is used scientific methods process etc. Its a very Knowledge full Course.
Very good introduction in Data Science for beginners that haven't started programming yet or doing projects are their own.
This course introduces Data Science. It has some readings from a book and interviews with well known Data Science experts.
It's important to not skip any part of the course. I would like to maintain my pace and momentum in the online curriculum.
Very introductory covering of what Data Science is. Really only for people who have never looked into data science before.
The english language is a bit too difficult for foreign students, especially to answer these questions with high accuracy
It's a very good first impression of what Data Science is. For people with some background it could feel la little short.
A good introduction with a lot of terms you don't need to worry if they aren't explained, they will be in later modules.
The course gave a good intro to how data science is perceived. Expect more hands on in the specialisation as I progress.
This course really introduces Data science is a very open way and makes me more curious to continue for the next courses
Great introduction to the topic of data science and explaining what data data science is and also what it comprises of!
The setting up of IBM cloud account part needs to be fixed. The steps doesnt apply now as the website has been updated.
Nice little overview in general. Relatively boring learning though - could be a bit more interactive. But goes the job!
the course is very trivial, I enjoyed the part of questions the most and the process of peer review was of high value.
Good introductory course. I was kind of disappointed in the final. The answer wasn't quite clear for the lat question.
Great range - would like to have more real life practical examples  such as the Target Case or Public Bus Journey etc.
Very informative course. Concepts are nicely introduced. Great for anyone with little or no experience in Data Science
This course is usefull as a introduction to data science, saied by people that are working or inmersed on this field.
The course made me feel like it was validating the ambiguous nature of Data Science.  Not sure how I feel about that.
Through this chorus, I have been able to understand a lot about data scienceو What qualities are needed in this area
you can make it better but the material for reading is perfect,instructors are super,doing a good work thank you gyz
It is a great introductory course to have a broad view of Data Science and role of Data Scientist in day to day life
I got really good understanding of basic understanding of data science . But need to work lot on application of it.
Really enjoyable introductory course that has encouraged me to further my interest in data science and programming.
The course is a must to learn. But more practical scenarios should be discussed. Otherwise the course is 5* course.
Great foundation of Data science! I feel more motivated to go deeper into the field of data analysis for my career.
I think it is quite basic, but you can know the things and daily works in this industry. It is a introductory part.
It's really good course to get started in Data Science. I have learnt so many things and insights from this course.
I good introduction into what modern data science entails without going into too much detail about the methodology.
Not as comprehensive and challenging as i thought, but its good to give you insight of what Data Science look like.
Great overview of the subject field, its application and how one may tailor the skills to their specific interest.
This course is quite good as it briefs us about what a big world we are going to dive into while doing this course
Data science is very much interesting tool to help in lot of industries and sectors by taking inference from data.
anyone who wants to learn the course at low cost compared to other competitors looting money this is great course
I think this course was only introduction about the Data Science. It does not include the internal working of DS.
Nice introductary subject to help student understanding what's data science and accountability of data scientists
The course was a good overview of the subject in general.  The course did not contain much technical information.
The course is excellent for everyone who wants to get GENERAL idea on Data Science. There is no practical tasks..
got inappropriate score : even though I wrote all 8 elements for the last question, recieved low score for that,.
The instructor and author of the book is so descriptive. It is preferred to follow a course with more  examples.
this course was very good and it created for me  good knowledge in data sciencethanks for teacher in this course
Excellent course. Very good introduction to data science. Helps learners like me who are very new to this field.
Great lecture! A little more structure would enhance quality of the course even more (e.g. by providing slides)
The class is good for the beginner, and non-time consuming even though the course estimate it to be exaggerate.
A great course to build a basic understanding of Data Science. Quite helpful when you just started a new thing.
Explains everything in detailed and in a much understandable way with practical examples and experts interview.
Interesting courses but problems with subtitles that do not correspond to videos and videos a little redundant.
Registering to IBM Cloud instructions were not updated, so I couldn´t enjoy with the exercise with Watson IBM.
Enlightening. Very interesting way of helping novices in exploring this new field of IT, Maths and Statistics.
Its pretty basic, could use some examples ( maybe just looking at some real examples of what people have done)
A good high-level introduction into data science with some interesting interviews and insights into the field.
I lost my progress and grades and had to redo the course all over again. But overall, it was a great program.
This course is best for the beginners as it gives all the basic overview about what data science actully is .
It was a really Good Introduction to Data Science Field. Highly recommended to go through this for beginners.
Great videos and content but less technical i was expecting more technical things like coding and algorithms.
It's really helpful, I wish if there is a summary after each video to make us remeber the main points easily.
Great introductory course. Very informative on the skills and attributes required to become a data scientist.
Provided great information on what is data science and what we can/should expect after completing the course.
It is a great opportunity for all those self-learning candidates. All material is very good and informative.
this course provide fundamental needed. If you wonder what is data science.this course opened my view scape.
This course is good for beginners in data science, helping to understand the main concepts about this topic.
A series of talk to help beginners in data science to have a better understanding of this area and industry.
This is a very general overview of what data science is. No technical knowledge is gained from this course.
It is a good course. There is lot of money in this area. The problem is that people are not aware about it.
The course was really interesting and I enjoyed the class.Thanks to the instructor and  Thanks to coursera
The assignment part just felt like having a lot of irrelevant questions. apart from that a perfect course.
Good for me that don't know about this topic and looking for some info in order to go deep into this area.
This is a good introduction to Data Science. It is informative and breaks down the concepts in bite sizes.
this is good introduction to data science and data scientists to who don't know any thing about this field
Actually this course is insight about data science field and its various applications . The course is nice
Good for absolute beginner. Gives you a well rounded idea of what is data science and its relevance today.
The lecture mas mostly based alot of time on reading  I could be better if it was demonstrated by a video
it is an wonderful  course to introduce data science, which provides a outline of study of data science .
Gained a lot of knowledge through this course. It helped me in making my first step towards my dream job
the course is great, which gives me a more deep understanding of data science, but also, it's too basic.
Lovely video presentation and the reading text are easy to grab. I am certified with this course putline
It was an interesting program, gave me a good idea about data science and what does a data scientist do.
It's fine, covers the main topic, but feels like a very superficial introduction to the especialization.
Excellent Course for the Database Connectivity with Python3 using SQL Magic, Python DB2 Inbuild Library.
Enhances the clarity and interests and personal perspective of one to pursue and understand this course.
Pretty good introduction to data science, it would be nice if you threw in some statisticans on there..
This course is beneficial for the beginner student who know python then they can do data science course
Excellent course that lays the ground work for someone who is brand new to Data Science/Data Analytics.
Very good introduction to what is data science and what is the role of data scientists in today's world
Well organized, but some questions in the quiz seem to be very detail-oriented rather than conceptual.
The course provided a very good exposure to data science and career. But there no hands on practicals.
Sets a good understanding on  the roles of the data scientist and basic understanding of Data Science.
not bad.  the hands on exercise was a bit contrived and felt more like a sales pitch for IBM products.
I really enjoyed receiving insight on what data sciences is from different people in different fields.
The course was a knowledgeble course. I as a newbie had a wonderful oppertunity to complete the course
this is an interesting course and gives a gentle introduction to start with the basics of data science
All you need to know about data science and opportunities in this field are explained in simple words.
I liked this course but I finished it in three days. So I think it was too small to call it  a course.
The session was really an eye opener. Please provide a plan for developing our skills in Data science
The course is really easy. It is a great beginners' level course but could have been a little harder.
Good, but...I think that it's very important to add an abstract or a resume of this part. Some points
it was an introductory level course for data science, where one learns need ant terms of data science
Good kick starter to understand the growth, different components and skills required in data science!
It's a video telltale of what is Data Science, as viewed by a university professor and some students.
Its a good course, I only advice that reading files from text book display quality might be better...
it is the best way to learn something, it starts from scratch until the basic point of data science.
In two videos the texts were not correct. I also believe that examples of companies can be inserted.
Good introduction, slightly slow paced without tasks to understand what specific skills are required
Quite concise and easy to follow though there are unnecessary information from the interview videos.
Great course give you a good understand as to what data science is. Great for those who are curious.
The course is very useful to understand about the  general knowledge on what data science is today.
This is highly theoretical however helpful. I was expecting to start with some level of coursework.
Basic course but gave a very clear perspective of what is data science and what data scientists do.
Reading passage is more sometimes, there are not all valuable information and quizzes are too easy.
I had a great time going through the course and really enjoyed learning!Thank You Coursera & IBM.😃
Very interesting and useful. It shows correctly the main technics and tools used for data scientist
Knowledge from different personalities can be easily accessed on a single platform through coursera
Great introduction for Data Science and as a new learner, I could easily understand the transcripts
This Course is best designed to help understand what data science is, and what data scientists do?
Thank you very much for this course.I have learned the unbelievable only in this four hours course
The course itself is great, but the final assignment need to be graded by others is a bad system.
Provided a great knowledge about the importance of Data Science in day to day life and its usage.
Good session to know about organizing how to store the data science and preserve for further use.
Great introduction. Really set the scene for data science and its application by data scientists.
Interesting. Now I have more clear view on Data Science. but this is not as useful as I expected.
Enjoyed the wide variety of perspectives from various practitioners in the field of data science.
Good Introduction and overview although limited technical content. Put together well, the quizzes
Great Intro. But wonder whetehr some of the content is slightly oudated and if it can be updated
Overall great. But faced some issues like inconsistencies with some videos and their transcript.
Good Introductory Class for Individuals trying to understand what Data Science Field consists of
This course help me in understanding the general concepts about data science and data scientist.
Offering very insightful yet general understanding of data science. An introducing level course.
Great overview of Data Science from different perspectives.  Looking forward to the next course.
A good insight into the data-science world. Would recommend it for beginners to start with this.
The content is well-written and anticipate that there could be more learning materials covered.
The faculties are very good in explaining stuff about data science, and the quiz are also good.
Could have given more examples and insights into the professionalism involved at the workplace.
Very good for begineer who is new in data science field and wants to explore data science more
The course is great but some English subtitles have nothing to do with the professor's speech.
This course helped to understand the Data Scientis Roles and responsibilities in a better ways
The course is useful for the beginner. I have gained a lot of basic knowledge of data science.
All over the course is very good instructors taught us every aspect of Data Science in Detail.
The basic information about data science, its application, career possibilities are discussed.
This course is a good introduction to the world of Data Science and how the field has evolved.
Some of the professionals lacked data science knowledge and ways of communicating with people
Overall, a nice start to the world of data science providing a general overview of the field.
The course title suggest that it is an introduction & I enjoyed as a beginner level student .
The course gives an overview of Data Science and its application in a multitude of industries
Great introduction to people who have no idea about data science and has no knowledge in IT.
Very detailed and clear explanation for those who want to start their data scientist carrer.
This course cover most of the content from Cognitiveclass.ai which is free to learn by IBM.
good for those who know nothing about data science and want some justification to the topic
A little more depth in basic statistics and data science skills would have been very handy
Great Introductory course. Very basic & Engaging. Peer Graded assignments are really cool.
The definition of data science according to different people helped in fair understading .
Surprisingly good introduction. It really gave me lots of ideas and inspiration. Well done
Seems a bit heavy on advertisements for different firms and institutions, otherwise fine.
A good introductory course provided overall context. Not many practical exercises though,
Basic knowledge a bout data science is what you need if you intend to study data science.
Course contents need be updated to include the process of last few years in data science.
best material provide and dont get borred this course .this course is provide so much fun
Need to give more insight about skills required to acquire for becoming a data scientist.
It's a good one to provide me a basic and general understanding of what data science is.
Good general knowledge about data science and clarification of general concepts about ds
Gives a good overview of what data science (and scientists) is. Very introductory level.
The course is clear and informative, but i think there is a room for more... lots more!!
Provides a surface level introduction to data science with easy to understand references
Good to understand the basics. Good for someone who doesn't know much about data science
A good point to know about Data Science, but felt the content was too generic in nature.
This was a very informative introduction to the history and the basics of Data Science.
Interesting content and practical approach. Perhaps a bit too repetitive in some parts.
Very good overview. The time requirements vastly overstate the time needed to complete.
It is the amazing work... And lots of things to do to learn... M very glad to do it....
The course as very informative, even for those like me that are beginners in the topic.
This course has been very helpful in introducing me to data science and what it entails
some of the questions on the test were worded in a way that made their purpose unclear.
This is a great introduction to the different thoughts behind what data science covers.
Good high-level overview of data science and skills necessary, both technical and soft.
It does what it intends to do - give you the right perspective on what is data science.
Useful introduction. Really focuses on why data science is something you should pursue.
this course give us the glimpse of what the data scientist do and what is data science
Content looks very old structured. Need for update with new improvements in the field.
This class solves many myth and confusion for beginners, but it should go more deeply.
It is not the Data that these people are sharing, but The Story that comes out of it!!
Very good introductory course but I think the material a bit excessive for the subject
Giving four stars because the tests require you to memorize non-important information.
I didn't like the formats of the video as they were all different and not standardized
good understanding of Data science after learning the course!! Very  nicely explained
Relly showed me what data science is and gave me an outlook of data scientists' workd
Very interesting, i recommend this course to every people even senior data scientist.
Good orientation, can't wait to start learning some real skills over the next course.
I liked the infographics. They helped me conceptualise the course easily. Thank you.
Good, easy, well explained, motivational. It needs diagrams at the end as a summary.
it was very good and easy to understand.The videos and reading are not boring at all
VIDEOS ARE EXCELLENT,BUT IF WE ADD SUBTITLES  TO IT ,PEOPLE WILL CATCH MORE CONTENT.
that was a very good experience to learn online with Coursera. Worth the experience.
I'm enjoying . learning this but the course materials are confusing and out of date.
A good course which provides a perfect introduction to data science for a beginner.
Got the basics of data science and its implications in the 21st century job market.
Very clear, simple and visual explanation to all the data science topics discussed.
A general introduction of data science. Useful for people who's new to this subject
it is very good analytical tool to understand important of data and its advantages.
Allowed me to learn the true purpose of data science and led me to choose the path.
It's very basic of data science, but a very good learning for the beginners. Thanks
It will enhance your interest toward Data Science. Great introduction for begginer.
This course gives a firm background of Data Science and what a Data Scientist Does.
Some things reported throughout the course are a little be lacking objectivity...!
Good course, i think it could be improve a lot but for basic knowledge is too god.
good experience and coursera is one of the good platform to learn online courses.
The course provided the basic understanding of the Data Science and its awareness
Course is nicely structured but some questions are too obvious and easy to guess.
The course gives a good view on what is a data scientist and what is data science
The introduction part has been very detailed and a great insight on data science.
This course is very insightful for beginners in Data Science as a new career line
It's a good introduction to data science, but the timing are very bad calculated.
It is a very basic course for those that has no idea about what is data science.
Its quite theoretical type course, and best for beginners to data science field.
It can be more practical wrt industry experts, instead of views of few students.
This was a very knowledgeable course, well explained into to data science course
Its about Introduction of Data science and its really helpful for the beginners.
Course has been explained so well and gives a good introduction to Data Science.
It would be better to receive success certıfıcate after a more detailed course.
Easy and appropriate introduction to the topic. Should have a bit technological
Very good introduction for data science, process, usage, and tools / platforms.
This course is very good in videos but the reading section was very complicated
Concise and easy to understand. Well-designed course for a novice in the field.
very basic explaining about what is data science and the duty of data scientist
Course is OK for giving a highlevel overview with some interessting interviews.
Very basic introduction to DS, more like a general information or info session.
Learned basics of Data Science. Can add more practical work like Watson Studio.
Very good course to get an overview about the Data Science and its applications
descriptive enough about learning the basics of where to start for data science
Good Course to get to know the starting point & skills needed for Data Science.
I give a good understanding of data science is and what a data scientist does.
Good Course for the ones who what to know basic information about Data Science
This course gives a basic idea of Data Science and what a data scientist does.
The course provides a good overview, but i have found it to be a little Basic.
Gives you a good idea of what you're getting into but not really much learning
Reminds me strongly of the cognitvieclass.ai classes, which are free of charge
The quizzes are silly and unnecessary. Other than that it is a useful course.
Better performance in data science Great knowledge course for me So thank you
Very good at giving a basic understanding for someone who may be new to this.
simply tells what is data science and what to do the next steps to explore it
it's helpful. I could have more understanding of what data science really is.
Readings are unnecessary. Videos repeated the same thing over and over again!
Course is good but really a beginner level course. Need to cover more topics.
Very interesting to grasp all of the terminology associated with data science
Great course. Interesting and engaging. Perfect for beginners of Data Science
Great overview about a career in data science. But quizzes were not so good.
A good introduction to data science with some examples and personal stories.
Great intro but very focused on memorizing specific sentences from readings.
The only problem is there is no financial aid option for any of the courses.
I enjoyed the course. I wish there was maybe one or two hand on assignments.
Is a humble request sir to add some practical for understanding of starters.
Cool lessons, only the last one was outdated (IBM Watson Facial Recognition.
Good introduction for someone who want to start their career in Data Science
Good to know some data scientist to share their thoughts about data science.
Generally quite good overview, but I found it too high level in some areas.
The Course makes you understand what is data science in a very easy manner.
Great course, sweet and to the point. Thank you IBM Data Science & Coursera
You need to have a gender and diverse approach on teaching and role models.
Very thorough and easy to follow for a person new to this field. Thank you!
That is good general and brief description and introduction to date science
It gave a brief introduction about data science and the career paths in it.
Good course to understand basics of Data science & role of data scientist.
Very briefly and well basic understanding of data science has been taught.
It is good has given insights into  DataScience and Role of Data Scientist
A bit slow and repetitive but overall a good introduction to Data Science.
Course very intersting with good explenations, video lessons and lectures.
A very basic, but informative introduction of the concept of data science.
Gives a good overview about data science and the role of a data scientist.
This course let introduce you into data science and what data scientist do
Good for newbies. Should add a summarized pdf of whole course at the end.
I liked the course as it was very educative even to a non Data Scientist.
For first time I understood the meaning of Data Science and Data Engineer
Its a very usefull course. A great way to understand what is data science
It's pretty good! It let me start to think which part I am curious about.
Same information if offer repeatedly.  Otherwise a great course. Thanks!
Good introduction, but would not be very helpful as a standalone course.
Great course to get a high and brief overview of data science/analytics.
It's a good introduction to Data Science, a bit light on content though.
good insights and understanding of data science from various perpectives
It is a good introduction course to the Data Science with great videos .
Very nice course to learn the basic terminologies about the Data Science
wonderful experience and well detail for a good start into data science
great course. easy to follow. I cannot wait to apply what I've learned.
good stepping stone for beginners i wanted more hands-on classes though
it would be nicer to have more useful examples using IBM Cloud platform
its very essential to every who wants to enter into data science field.
Indeed a great learning experience. Will continue with the next module.
I enjoyed this course it was nice introduction but not much methodology
Good course for starting and knowing about your career in Data Science.
Its a good course and it really helped me in understanding data science
I had better understanding about data science after joined this course.
There should be some live classes on addition to pre-recorded classes.
Very simple and basic. Hope to get more in-depth later down the course
It would have been better if the content was more than the very basic.
Liked the honesty of Prof Haider about Data Science and turf blockers.
A good Beginner  level course to start with the world of data science.
This course gave me soft introduction about the Basics of Data Science
Did not discuss applications or methods of data science in any detail.
The course is at a good pace and there is no pressure while studying.
I would suggest that some of the contents be updated every few years.
The way of explaining is excellent but lack in knowledge distribution
it was intresting course,but there is subtitle problem in some videos
A good introductory course on Data Science. Helps get one's feet wet.
Very good course. I would suggest to add some more informative videos
Organized well to give the learner a bird's eye view of data science.
I have gained a  information that was not completely clear to me yet.
This introduction course helped me in strengthening my Basic concepts
COMPLETE KNOWLEDGE THAT IS REQUIRED FOR INTRODUCTION IN DATA SCIENCE.
Great videos, but seeing some real world examples would've been nice.
Good course easy to understand without a technical background needed
This is a very basic orientation course. Good for beginners like me.
great introduction for newbies!look forward to real skills!let's go!
It gives a great introductory overview of the world of data science.
This course provide general ideas of data science and data scientist
Good introduction but quite short. Could be part of a larger course.
thank you soooo much for adding such a great and informative courses
decent survey course, would have appreciated more technical details
This course taught me basics of Data Science which was very useful.
The interviewees, who are data scientists, shared practical advice.
Gave me basic knowledge and understand about being a data scientist
Very Basic. Too much theory. The content though is of good quality.
Too simple and the music is sudden and a little bit loud at the end
Good for anyone interested in Data Science but has no idea about it
Good course in general. I would have preferred a little more depth.
This is a good course for data science but it limited to IBM tools
A bit simplistic, some speakers are hard to follow their thoughts.
Very helpful for building career path but it is a little too easy.
Good and clean content to understand the theory from the beggining
Good way to introduce this topic to someone who is completely new!
just the overview of  what to do for data scientist...very useful
As an introduction it was very nice but should have more details.
Good overview of what data science is if you never heard about it
Really good for the people who are really new to the data science
An explanatory introduction to the study or field of Data Science
Good Experience and eager to know more data science-related stuff
An intensive introduction for who is completely new to the field.
Pretty basic. Hoping the additional material is more challenging.
Was very eye opening. A wonderful introduction into data science
Good course for general a general understanding of data science.
Good for someone who have no experiences in data science before.
It's beneficial as an introduction, it does not go into details.
Very basic and introductory videos and texts about Data Science.
Such an amazing site. I look forward to doing more courses here.
A good introduction to data science without being to technical.
Simple, efficient and a great start to understanding the field.
Good intro course with practical examples and cases. Thank you!
It talks about what is DataScience , its importance and usage .
Great introduction to understanding the Data Science eco-system
Few subtiltes were out of context with the videos being played.
this course i good for people who doesn't have any IT backgroun
A fairly concise but comprehensive introduction to data science
Very useful. The course clarifies what exactly data science is.
Good orientation content and comfortable to learn as a beginner
Clear and useful introduction to the data science environment.
Gives you introductory insight about the field of data science
An useful overview of Data Science principles and definitions.
This course was a good overview for the study of data science.
need to add some practical session using some small data sets.
Essential course for a kick-start in Data-Science. Love that.
Good Insights about Data Science. One must learn this course!
Quick basic introduction to data science. Good for beginners.
Gives a good overview on Data Science, Role of Data Scientist
Great interviews and expert opinions in the course materials.
Unanimously a great platform to learn quickly and explicitly.
Very good beginner's guide. Needs some technical aspects too.
Great introductory course that was filled with good examples.
all mentor teaches very well,i am happy to join this course,
Some redundant information; needs  more teachers interaction
Very Good Introductory course for beginners in Data Science.
A gentle introduction to Data Science.  Perhaps, too gentle?
A brilliant but somewhat abstract introduction to knowledge.
Good course and good starting poitn to know about the field.
It's a great course to start learn the data science's world.
Gives general background that may be useful to first timers.
Very useful Course to First step to Data Science experience.
It gave practical insight of data science used in real world
nice course for beginner who want to know about data Science
Good basic understanding to start a career in Data Science!
Could have been more technical than just having only talks.
Maybe a bit too much introduction and praise of the subject
All theory no practical example of detailing out the talks.
It was really good but I expected something more technical
Need give at least one assignment on statistical analysis.
Some courses subtitles are ruined but the course is great.
The course is good, speakers are involving and very clear.
Introduction is presented well with relevant case studies.
good theoretical overview of of data science and analytics
very beneficial  tutorials in defining data science field
it is a good course to start studying about data science.
Some of the course video  were embedded  wrong subtitles.
Very good intro for people who would be new to the field.
Good introduction to Data Science and what it's all about
Not a very technical class but it was short and engaging,
Regression models should be explained in further detail.
Clear explanation about Data science and Data scientists
Had some issues with the scored materials and navigation
Liked the use of industry use cases to explain concepts!
Typical easy intro that is meant to hype up the course.
Assignments are not upto the right standard - I think t
it is perfect if want to get started with Data science.
It's a great introduction to the field of data science.
Very basic, could be lumped into a one day intro course
This is a good course to get started with Data Science.
Very good intro to data science though that's about it.
Excellent Experience! Need To Add Practical Knowledge.
Easy to follow, the course material is well explained.
a very good course for beginner to learn data science.
To much theory, i would like more practical excercises
Fair knowledge, but need to elaborate the content more
It is a good course to understand what is data science
It's a very basic course . Good intro to Data Science.
awesome course clear all the doubts about data science
Nice introduction to the data science field. Thank you
It was light, and joyful introduction to Data Science.
It was a great course that I have learnt a lot from :)
A basic initial introduction of what is data science.
A very informative course and very clear explanation.
Good course to start with to know about data science.
A good course to get an introduction of Data Science.
Good subject and good reflexion question in the quiz
Great but could need more hands-on tasks and details
The course was informative, precise, and motivating.
Good Content included to learn data science easly...
Gives a good understanding of what Data Science is !
It would be much better if it can be more detailed.
Great introductory course to start this certificate
Easily Understandable and  great learning paradigm.
The course was awesome and seriously inspirational.
Interesting introduction to the Data Science world.
Data Science is what we should learn and work on it
Enspire to dive deep in the field of Data Science.
not bad as an introductory course of Data Science.
Brief, simple to understand and quite informative.
It gives me a road map how I can be a Data Science
Good amount of content is available in this topic
Very useful as a first step for this new sicence.
great leaning  course . which is expain in detail
A good introduction to the world of data science.
Superb, invigorating and very Informative Session
Excellent as an orientation to data science field
It is a perfect course to introduce data science.
It is a good course to kick start in data science
A beautiful introductory course into Data Science
Informative but desire more application practices
Very good Course, I was engaged in this course .
A great course to grow interest in data science.
great course , but Arabic is not fully supported
Very useful course to start up with data science
This course it's really insightful and elevating
need to modify or improve the peer graded system
Excellent in teaching with spontaneous examples.
Got an idea what data science is, which is nice.
Gives a  good brief Introduction to Data Science
Good course to learn the basics of Data Science.
It Gave me a great understanding of Data Science
Pretty simple breakdown of what is data science
It's very good course for science basic info...
Such a good Introductory regarding data science
A bit too long and repetitive but great content
Its good platform to learn updated technologies
Very basic introduction for 3 weeks of material
Too much basic to get started with data science
It's a good start for the curiosity within us.
A very good introductory course for beginners!
Good introductory material for very beginners.
It's really good for the start in Data Science
I had a brief idea about What Data Science Is?
Gives a brief introduction about Data Science.
Great introduction/overview into Data science
Good course for stating to learn Data Science
Very basic but interesting and well explained
Very much efficient and effictive course ..!!
An excellent light introduction to the topic!
Wonderful explanations. Really learned a lot.
A through introductory course on Data Science
this course is really helpful for beginners .
I learned  the basic idea about data science.
Very elaborate and nice intro to Data Science
Nice pep introduction, but kind of too basic.
A good explanation of what Data Science is !
Good overview of the role of a Dat Scientist
Good intro. Repetitive info got kinda boring
This course is great and easy to understand.
General knowledge about Data Science field.
good information on data science foundation
A good course to know what data science is.
Very Nice introduction to the data science.
Quite simple, just and introductory course.
Just an introduction, not going into detail
Good content for beginners in Data Science.
Good Course for understanding Data Science.
A nice primer on the basics of data science
Very good course, great introductory course
Nice course to get started for Data Science
A fun and interesting start to the course.
Amazing introductory course, very hands on
It's nice course for beginner,data Science
this is vest among all data science cource
Great introductory course to Data science.
Provides a basic overview of Data Science.
Gave crisp information about data science.
Very interesting interviews and readings .
A must learn course for the beginners....
Just basics origin story of data science.
Good For basic and must-try for beginners
Excellent material to start with. Thanks.
Unnecesarily long though very interesting
good base to keep crios about the subject
Very basic understanding of data science.
Should be more practical than theoretical
very basic understanding of what data sci
The website should be easier to navigate.
Really good introduction to data science.
A very good introduction to Data Science
It was a very good learning experiences.
Very basic content. Ideal for beginners.
Very basic but good intro into the field
Provided a nice overview of data science
Good introductory course for DataScience
Nice introduction to this exciting area.
Helps to understand What is Data Science
The course was good but a little boring.
more detailed view would be appreciated
Last week evaluation took so much time.
good coverage of the subject (thumbsUp)
Generally good. Nice interviews mostly.
Very basic, but not a bad introduction.
I  learn good a new era of data science
Good course to know about data science.
GIVE AN GOOD UNDERSTANDING OF THE TOPIC
An pretty good. inspiring introduction!
Very good introduction to data science!
The best course for all the aspirants!
Great content - time is over estimated
Excellent Course to begin Data Science
Very informative introductory session.
Good Start to understand Data Science!
It was amazing and very helpful cousre
Great to be here and got this course !
course nicely presented, great content
Try to reduce time as much as possible
For a beginner, It is the best course.
Very basic informations are presented.
Very well developed course. Thank you.
Good beginning course on data science.
Good material, gradual teaching. Easy!
Great choose to start in data science
good experience and lots of  learning
Good Introductory Course for Beginner
nice feeling to learn about new thing
A very basic and introductory course.
It was awesome to complete the course
Good course as a very basic overview.
IBM Watson should be insisted better
nice course it is very useful to uss
Some of the materials are redundant.
good overview, quiz are really weird
Good introduction about Data Science
Detail introduction of Data science.
A very nice, non-overwhelming intro!
Would like to see more hand on work.
Good basic introduction to the topic
I really love this course its good..
A nice introduction of Data Science
THE COURSE WAS GOOD AND INFORMATIVE
Pace of the course could be faster.
Could be more technical inknowledge
Good Start to begin in Data Science
Learned a lot but a little too easy
Great introduction to Data Science.
Great introduction to Data Science.
Good Introduction into Data science
Introduction to the topic was good.
nicely explained about data science
A good introduction to data science
It could have more substance in it.
Good learning course for beginners
it was very good and helpful couse
Great introduction to Data Science
Data Science succinctly explained.
Apt for Beginners in Data Science.
Good introduction to key concepts.
Easy to understand and not boring.
Its a good start for Data Science
Good introduction to the subject!
It is just a introduction course.
good introduction of data science
This is a primer on Data Science.
Good Introduction to Data science
Good Introductory to Data science
good introduction to data science
It was too basic but a good start
Good introduction to data science
fun but could be lacking at times
Not up-to-date, otherwise super!
Fundamentals are explained well.
Too general, not much specifics.
Good introduction but too basic.
Cleared concepts of Data Science
Good to know basic Data Science!
Not very rigorous, just an intro
It's a good introductory course.
Good for beginner's introduction
Gave an overview of Data Science
Great start for a wide audience.
Like it, but is a bit too basic.
It is good but somewhat simple.
good introduce for data science
It's basic, but useful to start
Its a great and useful for me .
Interesting and refreshing.....
Good introduction to the field.
Very good choice for Beginners
Nice and helpful introductions
It should be more interactive.
Good Course to start off with.
it have nothing great to learn
Great insight from this course
very nice course for beginners
Really good foundation course
Nice insights to data science
it is good start for freshers
pretty strange the assignment
Good Overview of Data Science
I have learned a lot thus far
Needs more practical approach
Great course for new learners
Quite high level introduction
Solid start, but slow paced.
Recommendation for starters!
Should include some hands-on
OK for general orientation.
The course was really good.
GOOD AND INTERESTING COURSE
I found the contents useful
Technical content is less.
It was great learning this
I would love to learn this
good for complete beginner
need more Arabic subtitles
Basic, but easy to follow.
Good overall introduction.
Very simple for the moment
Great introductory course!
Good introductory course.
Great for Novice students
Nice learning.. thank you
Could be more interesting
it was wonderful learning
peers not graded properly
Insightful and relvevant!
Good introductory content
one of the best out here!
Good introductory course!
The course was educative
Good course.  Thank you.
Good course, for anyone.
Pretty good introduction
good but course is eaze
Way of teching is good.
nice and easy to learn.
It was good and helpful
good brief introduction
It could be self-paced.
Just The Intro I Wanted
Nice but No-praticals.
Very nice introduction
wonderful introduction
Good but a slow set up
good one for starters
Great course insights
It was a bit lengthy.
Good overview course!
Very well structured.
Differently done !!!
Great Intro courses.
Its really helpful.
I was good course .
this is best cource
Great introduction!
Great Course Thanks
enjoyed it learning
Interesting content
bit simple at times
it was good enough
A lot of insights!
it's good platfrom
thank you for all!
Easy to Understand
Precise and simple
Very basic course.
Great intro course
Nice introduction!
Good intro course
nice introduction
Good introduction
Best of the best.
GOOD INTRODUCTION
Nice information
Easily explained
I really love it
it is not bad .
Well structured
Great  Course.
Great overview
Clear and easy
Good but basic
Superb thiese
it’s so good
Good Course.
informative!
good overall
Good Intro..
Very clear!
Thanks :))
Its good.
:) Great
Greate
basics
This was a good introductory course, especially as someone with basically zero experience in the field. I've been struggling with where to begin (should I take a course on Python? R? What languages are even useful? WTF is cloud computing?) And this course gave me a good starting off point. That said, it wasn't technical AT ALL. It's really just a bunch of "fireside chats" with data scientists, talking about the languages they use, what concepts they're used for, what knowledge is necessary and what isn't, etc. If you're looking for a "roadmap" to continue learning on Coursera, this is it. This is exactly what I feel the college experience gives students that online or self-taught learning lacks: context. AKA there are a billion courses on Python on Coursera, but none explain WHY I'm learning Python. This course does that. I'd recommend this course for anyone looking to start with data science from zero.
Very learning experience, I am a beginner in DS, but the instructors in this course simplified the contents that made me I could easily understand, tools and materials were very helpful to start with.
Excellent quality content! It's a great introductory course that really gets you interested in Data Science. I would highly recommend it to anyone curious in learning about what Data Science is about.
I thought this course introduced the topic of data science very well. I think I have a much better idea how to describe data science and common terms associated with the field (like machine learning).
I liked this course very much. The way it is organised to collect different data scientists opinions about the same topic, make it very valuable to the ones who are starting the road to Data Science.
Very nice course and it has a piece of very nice information taught by professionals. The content is related to the practical application of concepts which increase interest in you to proceed further
Very learning experience, I am a beginner in DS, but the instructors in this course simplified the contents that made me I could easily understand, tools and materials were very helpful to start with.
Friendly and gentle introduction to data science! Can't wait to go further...
Good for fundamental knowledge of data science and data scientists.It is also inspiring for young people like me to get ready to step into the world of data science.Great course
Good overview of data science, its history, and uses of data science.
Descriptive picture of  data science.  Videos are short but nicely presented which gives an student a clear idea of the subject. Even Documents at the end of the course presentation are well explained.
It is my first time to take an online Coursera course. I am badly grateful for your financial support. too many thanks seem not enough to express my happiness to finish this course about data science
This is a great course for anyone willing to start exploring the field of Data Science. It starts with basic definitions with proper examples that helps one understand this field with a greater ease!
Terrific introduction to the Data Science course. Never expected but was extremely excited with the quality of content, speakers and a very honest attempt to making this course interesting. Krishna
Great introduction to Data Science!
I throughly enjoyed the course and the fact that everything was explained thoroughly. I always enjoyed Dr. White's personal experience with Data Science as well as other Data Scientists point of view.
After completing this course you can easily understand and define what is Data Science and clear your doubt about Data Science.I recommend this course to all beginners.
I have learnt about what the data science is and it's basic knowledge. I am glad I took the course. I will continue finishing the rest of the courses.
This is a very good introduction to what actually is data science! Lot of people gets really confused with the definitions and area!
Direct to the point. Increases one's passion to study Data Science by summarizing the main topics. Simple and brilliant
This course equips a person with all necessary knowledge required to get started in this field with confidence.
A very brief and complete introduction of Data Science from industry experts highly recommended course
Great for introduction!
The course provides a good overview of data science in general. I particularly liked the definitions of a data scientist and data science. Mr. Haider's definitions are inclusive, broad and encouraging, He says one of the most important traits for a data scientist to possess is curiosity and that tools and techniques can be learnt. The course also touches upon hot topic areas that people have heard of but most do not understand - i.e. Machine Learning, Neural Networks, Data Mining and Big Data. I have a much better idea what these terms mean now along with the tools of the trade. The course was quite short and concise. I found it the perfect pace for me. The quizzes matched the content and there was nothing extraneous. I am looking forward to the other courses in the specialization. A quick glance has shown me that the difficulty level increases quite a lot in the other courses and I would definitely have to invest a lot more time in them. The start has been gentle and encouraging, thank you!
I do not having any background of Data Science but after go through this course I am having a good understanding about what is data science,what skills are needed to become data scientist etc.Additionally, clear all my confusions .Now I am aware about the correct path to learn data science,also what qualities are required to become a Data Scientist i am also aware about that.A very good experience i had about data science after go through this course.All real life scenarios are discussed and real life experiences are shared by various data scientist.Excellent course with a very good content for beginners who do not anything about data science.If anyone is having a little bit knowledge about data science then after going through this course you should know what are the areas in which you can improved, a correct path to build a carrier in  data science.
Very good course to understand the environment that encompasses the area of ​​Data Science and data AnalyticsGood to understand the objective of this carrier, the scope, objetives how it supporting the different verticals industries business, an the role it plays in building the strategy, also provides indication on what it takes to be a Data Science, good introduction to key related tools or solutions supporting the Analitycs evolution Artificial intelligence neural networks.closing with key elements to be taiking into account at the moment to elaborate and provide Report & results by Data Science, never the less providing the relevance and demand that Data Science carrier in having at this moment due to the key results that provides in different scenarios of the day by day activities Industries, Science , marketing , sales etc
This course offers a great introduction when you heard about data science, but cannot really relate to it nor give your own concise answer to what "Data Science" is or what a "Data Scientist" does. I loved the interviews with the different students at the beginning, inviting different disciplines and backgrounds to the "Data Science Table". Professor Haider and Professor White give a thorough outlook on data science and career possibilities as well as skills that are necessary to succeed. The readings cover subjects like "Data Mining" and "Data Science Project Report Writing" and give a great introduction as well as guidelines to use later on the job. Great job they have done putting this course together! And I am looking forward to the next modules of the "IBM Data Science Professional Certificate"!
As a novice to Data Science this course met me where I was, at the very beginning, and provided an organized, overview of this evolving career field.  The balanced mix of types of media used kept my interest and periodic comprehension checks along the way provided reinforcement of key concepts. As a visual learner I enjoyed the option to print out transcripts of all videos and reading assignments for note taking and highlighting.  It was refreshing as well as encouraging to discover that 'soft skills' are highly prized in a good data science team member. I was energized to learn that I will be able to develop the skills and experience necessary to pursue a career in Data Science or Machine Learning and am eager to get started on the next course required to earn my Professional Certificate.
Even though I can not pass the quizzes and final assignment*, I have watched the videos and read the readings and answered the questions and I found this course very very very useful, because I am new at Data Science and this course give me the overview of what is data Science really is and How can someone become a Data Scientist. I really thanks Coursers and IBM. :) *P.S: I am in Iran. Unfortunately there is a lot of problems being an Iranian. There are sanctions and limits against Iranian "People".  But it is very sad that these people were not be able to use these free educational material. I passed courses in Coursera but I Can not get certificate because the name of my country were not in the list. We are also a human being.With respect :)Fatima Ghaffaari
I must have missed it but there were more than ten components in the final deliverable as far as the reading exercise went. More specifically, the differentiation was not clear as to which of those components were the ten main components. So, extra clarification would be good. Sometimes the content seemed to contradict itself, being that there were so many lecturers, so maybe a recap as to what the definitive answer is would also be really nice too. Maybe another lecturer could be added separately at the end of each section to recap what you expect the student to understand or to summarize everyone's answer into a more definitive answer.
The instructors and course material do a great job in covering the field of data science and explaining why data scientists are and will continue to be of immense value in the future.  As someone with an operations management background and no formal academic education in Data Science such as PhD/MS in Statistics, Mathematics, CS etc., my initial decision to learn DS was serious, yet I still had a feeling of uncertainty in making this shift.  Jumping into a new field and gaining quant skills can be daunting, but this introductory course really helped me to lay a foundation and solidify my intentions in pursuing this career track.
Hi guys, you have done a fantastic job with this course! I really 
enjoyed it. I appreciate the fact that you have included diverse set of 
students for interviews. Going forward, it would be great if you could identify a female co-instructor
 to add more diversity and different perspective to the structure and 
presentation of the materials. I believe that having a woman as 
instructor (not only voice over) would make the whole topic more 
accessible for women participants.Could you share some statistics on the proportion of women among students who enrolled for the course and graduated?Thanks a lot.
Dr. Murtaza Haider's views are so simple and so profound. Before taking the course, all I knew about Data Science was that it is a highly technical subject and people with non-technical background (like me) will find it difficult (if not very difficult) to dive into it. The introduction makes me very comfortable and enthusiastic about the subject. When I look back at my work all the past years, I had been wearing the hat of a data scientist without knowing it! Of course, the technical part will be coming but now I am very confident that I will be able to tackle it with ease.
What a great a journey it was. Learned a lot from this course. When I first saw this course I thought it will be very difficult for me to complete this course but when I started learning it it felt very easy to me. Every topic explained in a very simple way and by also giving an analogy. Before joining this course i was so scared but now after completion of course I'm feeling very confident and I got a feeling that I choose the right path. Thank you coursera for designing this beautiful course in a very good manner. Thank You So Much
This is probably the best introduction that is out there to the fascinating world of Data Science. Hats off to the faculties in this course for making it fun, while at the same time being informative too. I liked the examples provided by Prof. Murtaza; you can tell that he sincerely enjoys educating students and takes pride in it. Same goes for Prof. White, I hope someday I get the chance to meet them. Last but not the least, huge thanks to the hard-working people at IBM and Coursera for creating this course. You guys rock!
Probably the best introductory course for data science, especially for beginners who literally got little to no idea about data science. The course starts from introducing the basics of data science to the experiences of a data scientist and other sectors in the field of data science. Also they provide a great reading material as well take assessment based on it. Overall, it was a great experience. If you're a beginner, want  to seek career in the field of Data Science but don't know where to start from, start from here.
This course added more knowledge to my previous course, I have taken in Coursera, 'AI FOR EVERYONE by Dr. Andrew Ng'. As a Ph. D aspirant, now I confidently choose Data Science as a subject to pursue, with this knowledge. This course also provoked me to learn Python, I already started with basics. Thanks to L4G for providing me this opportunity. It's a priceless opportunity. Thanks, IBM for facilitating these kinds of knowledge in an accessible way to everyone. I am going on with all the 9 modules of this entire course.
This was a perfect introduction for a beginner to data science. There’s a little bit more of general conversation in the videos than I found helpful. It is fairly easy to meet the standard for accountability for content knowledge. I really appreciate the ability to have the video text along with the videos so I can choose how I learn best. Sometimes the quiz answers change if you scroll back on a touch screen to review them. Overall I found this to be an excellent introduction in terms of the content and the pacing.
A basic but very useful introduction to the field of data science.  A good course to start for someone from a non-analytics background.  It emphasises the often overlooked detail of storytelling - other courses dive straight into pandas and matplotlib and machine learning algorithms but don't mention to the student that successfully telling the story of the data to stakeholders, rather than just visualising it, is just as important as the technical work.  Something I wish I had known when starting out in the field.
This is fantastic, easy going course to understand the very basics of Data science. I was always skeptical on the technical aspects of Data science and the challenge with starting with them being a non technical. This course has helped to understand that coding is not the beginning of Data science rather one of the last steps. Before reaching that stage, you are required to have curiosity and attitude; much more than coding to understand the business problems and finding solutions from data science perspective.
This is a very nice course. I like it very much. I am interested to do more and more courses. Data Science is a very important aspect of development and also for leading future generations.This course helped me a lot in understanding data science, machine learning, and artificial intelligence, and more and more topics.I think This is a wonderful course for learning data science.THANKYOU COURSERA TEAM. I would like to thank the Instructors  ALEX AKLSON AND POLONG  LIN.I wish to learn more and more courses
I'm saying this from my own experience before starting i thought it would be very difficult to understand but when i start learning i loved it because the tutors are excellent i felt like their not taking class just like a personal talk with them like a guest visiting our home especially Mr.Norman White and Mr.Murtaza Haider . i really understand what is data science about what all the works , background , the uses facts .i got an idea whats the next next steps i have to do its very very useful course.
I liked the videos from not only professors but also students.  The transcript also helped to understanding the materials.  However, some of the content discussed in the videos and/or text didn't match with what we were quizzed on intermittently throughout the class course; thus we were wrong on some answers when we were actually right.  A little misleading especially if you're a student trying to learn new material.  This is a simple fix to me.  The course itself is a good intro class to data science.
Thank you for this wonderful opportunity on the path of becoming a Data Scientist on Coursera once again. As taught in the course, the impact, relevance and importance of data science in our day to day living can not be over-emphasized. We are all faced with the task of evaluating, manipulating and analyse data in our every day living and making an informed decision and inferring answers from such that affect our lives and others around us as an individual, Government, Corporations and Organisations.
Very very well presented. It is not like other courses where most of the contents are explained via diagrams,charts and so on. Though that is also easy to grasp but we tend to forget it after a while. The sharing of knowledge through chats and interviews of students and highly experienced data scientists was easier for me to grasp.  When you begin learning data science through such a amazing beginner course you want to learn more.  I will definitely enroll for the other data science courses now
I agree with other reviewers that there was too much introduction in this course, but It's perfect for beginners . I have some mathematical and statistical background, but even for me this course was very useful. Firstly, I wanted to start the main course "Data science professional certificate", but then decided to start with the introduction course.One more thing - instruction for IMB Watson was outdated. It was challenging to follow them.Thank you for the course! I enjoyed studying a lot.
This is a very good course, very organized and easy to understand. The course content is well simplified, the videos are of good quality and precise to the point. It gives practical examples and very well related case studies which are easily accessible even from mobile app. the instructors and the general Coursera support team are always available and will to help where you are stuck. Am looking forward to do more courses in Coursera as well as finish the IBM Data Science course...Cheers!
I really enjoyed how this course explain in detail what the job of data scientist entails as well as what kind of person the data scientist is.  It made me feel confident that I made the right decision to take this course and explore this field.  The course also helped me to see that I've been mining data and using it to formulate results for quite some time now.  I never viewed my day to day activities as that of a data scientist but will do so now!  Can't wait for the next round!!!!!
This course is very inspiring for those who have aspirations for Data science and want to pursue a career as Data Scientist. So, this is a right course, it will broaden your outlook about data as well as help to think yourself as a Data Scientist. Last not the least, Murtaza Haider is amazing. I like to mention that I have not clear conception about regression but the way he taught with a simple day to day life example, is just a magic in my brain and now the concept is totally clear.
I really like the way that this course is introducing terms such as Data Science and Data Scientists to us. I think that it is really important to have an idea about the field that you want to start working. This course helped me to see the different views of people about the Data Science field, the characteristics and skills that each Data Scientist needs to have in order to be able to succeed and different terms such as how to write a goor report, where Data Science can be used etc.
Initially, I didn't think much of the course until I progressed further with the weeks and the videos. I didn't watch the videos, choosing instead to read the transcripts of them instead.  This helped me get a better understanding of data science, as well as the intangibles of what makes a good data science.  The anecdotes in the videos/transcriptions and the readings added further insight to provide a nice overview of data science itself.  Nice way to kick start the IBM certificate.
Really a great start for a newbie !!!I had searched all these times in a wrong places for What is Data Science ?? where I mostly ended up a page with ML / Deep Learning  words instead of what actually is Data Science,,,But this course starts with defining  as "Data Science is a Process ,,,,"  which is so nice to hear after such situations I faced, All around a good course for all the people of diverse sectors interested in Learning Data Science.Thank Coursera for the Financial Aid
The courses I have taken have served me for my professional life, expand my knowledge and apply them finding results. This undoubtedly marked my personal life feeling happy and calm with what I am living. I feel that this platform has changed my life because it has ended with many paradigms that I had with respect to education, thanks to the financial help that Coursera has given me I have been able to move forward in my life project. Thanks you very much. Greetings from Colombia
The videos were super informative and honestly inspiring to someone like me who does not come from a traditional comp sci background.  It still made it sound like Data Science is a career for me, which is good because it is my current job. I found it really attention getting that the videos had little quizes throughout.  It made me pay attention more.I would like to have had a few more examples of code I could write besides 1 + 1 just to start getting me used to reading it.
This was a very nice introduction to what exactly is data science. It will also teaches us what skills we should have in order to become data scientists. Also give us some introduction to How to make a proper report and what to write on that report. Difference between AI,machine learning,deep learning and data science is also described here very well. In a nutshell this course will give us very broad view of What is Data Science. I highly recommend this course to everyone.
I have completed this course and I must say this is one of the best courses to kickstart your Data Science journey. I am now going to complete the whole series of courses provided by IBM and Coursera.I am really happy and satisfied with the content and the way it is organized in the course.Based on my personal experience, I will say one should not miss this course as it is a golden opportunity to be taught by the best of two platforms, The IBM and The Coursera.
In this course really gives me huge knowledge about data science and who are really a data scientist, what we really need to become a successful data scientist. And also this course gave me a foundation of data science with excellent teaching and project work. And i got somewhat information about what is data science. Very thankful to provide this course for students. I am glad to say,             This course is very useful for me, Thank you for all instructors
This course gave me some fundamental ideas about Data Science and what data scientists do. What they have to do being as data science. This also described the difference among terminologies like machine learning, deep learning, data mining, big data, data science, and Artificial Intelligence. This course also explains their jobs and what they do to hold the above profession. And finally, I want to say big thanks, my course mentors, IBM and Coursera community.
A very good course to start with data science because the course gives the students a clear idea of what Data Science is all about and its applications in various fields. And the major advantage is that it is not a classroom teaching. It comprises experiences of the working professionals and industry experts. The course also helps students by providing them with what are all the basics they should be thorough with and the career options for Data Scientists.
This introductory course has cleared up quite a few of the misconceptions I had regarding Data Science and its tools, which I'm really thankful for, because now I can go past the barrier of the uncertain unknown that, for me, this topic was surrounded with before.The course has also outlined many applications for Data Science, its best practices and planning techniques, and as such has made me want to delve deeper into the other aspects of DS as well.
This course helps me through a lot to learn about the Data Science. About my journey to become Data Scientist was given to me an opportunity to took this course. I am grateful for this course which I owe to the IBM company to support my journey to become part of their online platform course and to become Data Scientist someday. I will strive to continue again and study hard to get my Professional Data Science Certificate to this privilege opportunity.
I am completely new to this field, I was worried that what if i can't do this? What if i can't understand? But, here the classes, Quiz, Assignment, Presentation of classes or Videos is so, nice that I understood each and every topic and not at all felt to me like I have completed my course also. I mean listning to 2 min, 5 min videos will not affect you but the content was really cool. Thanks to every one who involved in this presentation / Data.
This course was delivered with goal of providing clear understanding of the course objectives. The tutors were very passionate. Thanks to Prof. Murtaza Haider. PhD. who speak to the heart of the topics and especially on the personality traits of a data scientist. Stephen Sherman ("Garbage in garbage out'), Shingai Manjengwa, Mandeep Kaur, Luis Martins, Diana Zarate Diaz and final but not the least the incredible Prof Norman White.  Great people!
I am so impressed with coursera  – the courses; the manuals which are actually usable, readable and understandable; and the instructors. If I ever need additional training, you will be my first choice!"    I cannot express how great the instructor was and the overall content of the material. I would defintely recommend this to my co-workers as well as friends. I will be looking into taking more of these classes  in the near future. Thank you!"
This is one of the most wonderful course for beginers, who want's to do career in the data science field. This is the introductory level course and each and every thing in this course tought with very easy format and it is easily understandable, So I think is the best course to start with data scince , I personally recommend to do this course as if anyone want to learn the data science then they must have to begin from this course.
Very informative introduction to Data Science. I liked how they describe the Data Science, Data Scientist. It was made clear that data science is not only a job but it is kind of a life style. And, while watching you become aware of the act that as an engineer you are a data scientist without knowing. Becoming aware of it makes you want to learn more about the tools you can use to make it more efficient. Thanks to all course Staff.
If you are just starting your Data Science journey or are simply curious what it means (as it's a term that is getting more popular and is being thrown all over the internet), this course will give you the answer set in the course's name "What is Data Science?". Careful, the people explaining in the videos show a genuine interest in the subject and it might rub in. It might even spark your curiosity and go on further learning.
Excellent introductory course. The data science specialization by IBM presents a debatably perfect roadmap to get started with data science without having prior technical experience. This course itself outlines what data science truly is and helps you get a clear idea of skills, tools and motivation for pursuing data science. I would recommend this course to anyone who is confused if he/she should pursue data science or not.
Yes, I did it and it helped me gain more skills and refreshed on my outdated skills that I learned long time ago. The IBM Data Science Professional Certificate has great content and the instructors are competent enough. I will learn how to structure data science problems and introduce you to the entire data science workflow. The big advantage I will learn is how to use cloud to develop and deploy machine learning models
I have already taken one course on data science, but the quality and content this course has is really broad. The way every data scientist professional explain their views on how the career would be on the day to day life and what skills do you need to develop to be one of the best in the field. Very excited as I completed the first course and looking forward to complete the IBM certification within next 3-4 months.
I
believed this course has given me a much better understanding of data science
and some other related topics as machine learning, deep analytics and so. I
realize that there is a lot more to come If I would like to be a professional
someday in this subject. Although data science it´s a very complex topic, the
way that the course is presented and the professionals that contributed made it
a very pleasing experience.
This course is fully well designed and have developed in some particular ways for knowledge development in data science and engineering. I have grown a well amount of interest in data science by going this course. More quiz based on this topic is needed and also needed some important reference for more better and  appropriate books for more knowledge gathering. But overall the course is marvelous and well oriented.
It was a very informative course. For someone who wants to begin with Data Science, this course can be the best first step. I've learnt a lot from this course. As I said this course is informative so don't expect any hands-on. Questions like what is Data Science? or How to become a Data Scientist? etc. will be answered in this course. Thank you Coursera for the financial aid. Looking forward to many other courses.
So I was doing Data science from other free sources and of course, gained pieces of knowledge from those free sources. But learning from here I guess is giving me more structured information I required in order to motivate myself to learn more about Data Science.  The way the videos interacted with me as a user was really informative and qualitative. Really looking forward to completing the further courses.
It is a basic requirement of a student to know what he/she is actually going into. I have found that this course provides an intuition on 'What is Data Science?' 'How it was occurred?' 'What are the fields of Data Science that made this thriving in the modern world?' This course will give you an insight on what you needed to know before you go into the depths of Data Science. I have found it useful, indeed.
this course is awesome .i really enjoyed it, thanks IBM and thanks Coursera .in the first week you will answer to these questionswhat is data science ?what data scientists do ?how to become a data scientist in the second week you will know about data science's topics such as big data, data mining , machine learning and neural networks in the third week you will things about data science in the business
Excellent quality content! It's a great introductory course that really gets you interested in Data Science. I would highly recommend it to anyone curious about learning about what Data Science is about. Very learning experience, I am a beginner in DS, but the instructors in this course simplified the contents that made me I could easily understand, tools and materials were very helpful to start with.
I just completed the course, and I am pleased with the material and lecture video. The course is well organized to explain What is data science and who is the data scientist with the responsibility of them. It also has a bit of exercise for IBM Watson. I get the financial aid, and I am very much pleased to COUSERA and IBM both for design this type of unique course and supporting me by financial aid.
After completing this course I really understood that I used and done many times all that can be described as Data Science. I can say now that it is necessary for physicians to study data science because there will be great benefits for us while using data science methods.Thank authors for this course. Now I have even more motivations to learn and get IBM Data Science Professional Certificate.
I enjoyed this course.  It was an excellent intro to Data Science and gave many options on possible careers using it.  Some of the test questions were a little off and were either asked before the material was covered, or were more about the syntax of a reading rather than the content - but it wasn't as if we only had one shot to answer the questions correctly... I would recommend this course
If you want a rundown of what Data Science is in today's  day and age, I suggest checking out YouTube videos first which have a similar information and are free. However if you want an IBM certificate then go ahead and pay $28 for the course. Also if you do take the course , try to finish it within one month or you'll be charged $28 every month till you complete it, a feature I did not like.
Really great introductory course on data science. It's a good overview of the field, what it involves, the requirements for working in the industry, and tips for succeeding. If you're not sure whether data science is right for you - try this course. The videos were clear and interesting and the quizzes were pretty straightforward - no trick questions, which I've had on other courses before.
The best course for getting insight on what is data science - especially if you're new to the subject! The course made me realize that data science is as human as possible as we have been data scientists since the dawn of time. Because at the end the ability to recognize patterns and make actionable decisions based on them is the trait that distinguishes us from all other species on Earth.
First time listening to the two academics break down the What, the Where and the Why of data Science and how it has evolved. Its been helpful for me to think about what I really want to do with the skills I will learn and most importantly which tools are important for my choice of career; you can't just learn all the tools. Hope the other sections are as interesting as this one has been.
it's very informative course, and will definitely clear your most of the doubts regarding the subject of data science and you'll get a brief  but highly effective explanation about the entire field of data science. trust me you would love the way they'll put all the course and info in your head without you even knowing as if you're learning something new. Good Luck guys, happy learning!
Honestly, When I enrolled and started with this course, I was really skeptical about it but as soon as the lessons unfolded, I enjoyed it, understood it, specially the sections with Dr. White and Prof. Murtuza Haider. Both of them had a remarkable influence in clarifying my doubts as opting for Data Science as career choice. Yeah, Investing Time and Effort here had been truly worth it.
It covers all the basics that need to be covered regarding Data Science and knowledge, and the skills need by data scientists. What I really like most is the reading sections where it covers valuable information about data science and its documentation. However, if you do not want too much theory you can go for "Applied Data science certificate" All the best in your learning journey.
Good DayI am personally thankful and grateful for this opportunity  .Thanks and Warm Regards.ABHIJIT SENGUPTAPortfolio URL : https://about.me/abhijitsenguptaWebsite : www.pactolianconsulting.comE - Mail : abhijit@pactolianconsulting.comKolkata , IndiaSkype : abhijit.sengupta357Ph. : + 91 33 25907110Cell : + 91 9163863607Whatsapp : + 91 8017648297                      + 91 6290750012
This course provided a great introduction to what a data scientist needs to do in the process of performing their everyday on the job activities. A data scientist needs to be able to communicate clearly with passion as much as being good technically. I had not thought about that too much before this class. The class flow of concepts proceeds at a comprehendible pace. I enjoyed it.
ES: Un curso divertido y que te mantiene interesado en aprender lo básico y el aspecto general de Data Science y lo que implica el rol. Muestra varios roles de data scientist reales en sus industrias.EN: Interesting course that teaches you the basics about data science, and also shows the kind of job that data scientists perform across diverse organizations and industry sectors.
I found the intro by professors Murtaza Haider & Normal White immensely useful. The report structure by For my MBA thesis, I worked with Dr. Paul Thurston Jr. to investigate how collaboration & soft skills are related to profitability of organizations across sectors, and I did add a cover page.  "The Report Structure" by Dr. Haider however is fantastic. Excited about the course.
If you are looking for the basic understanding of what is actually called as data science and what actuall data scientist do then you are at the right place. This course will provide thorough knowledge of data science as well as you will get to watch videos of opinions about data science from different data scientist professional working at IBMDon't Think twice just go for it
The course helped me understand what 'Data Science' is. Before taking this course, I thought data science was just analyzing data, but now I know its much more than that.Videos are pretty clear and so simple, it makes everyone can understand the topics. Anyone who wants to learn data science, I recommend them to not skip this course and take some notes in the reading parts.
Very basic course, to be honest. The grading seemed to be dependent on memorizing exact quotes from videos. Looking forward to some of the more advanced courses in this seriesExcellent quality content! It's a great introductory course that really gets you interested in Data Science. I would highly recommend it to anyone curious in learning about what Data Science is about.
To get started with Data Science, This Specialization seems to be better than other study materials available online in accordance to it's Content and Implementations as well as IBM Certification.I would suggest this to all the beginners who are willing to have or are having their interest in 'Playing with Data' context to go through this course  as well as Specialization.
I have chosen a best course to achieve some knowledge.This course helps me a lot to know about what is data science and data scientist. I have gained some experience and applications of data science by watching videos.And now I have some idea what to choose in a industry and by choosing data science what we will gain.Thank you so much for coursera team for this knowledge.
So far I consider it much more interesting than UC San Diego course on edX. What was missing for me in the previous one is that lots of things been leftunexplained, even some very complex Python commands.  Secondy, price. In the previous course I've seen lots of Powerpoint presentations andit made it ultra boring. I hope the other parts on this program are like the first.
Before attending this course, I do not understand what Data Science is. Finished the data science course in 3 days now we can talk about this subject. This course will explain the hype term, such as data science, artificial intelligence, machine learning, deep learning,  and data mining. I recommended anyone who interests in Data Science to take this excellent course.
This introductory course to Data Science has been quite enlightening and has opened my mind to the use of data science in our everyday life. I now see data everywhere and realize that every decision we make comes from our brain processing and analyzing data on the subject. Applications of data science is boundless and I do agree that data science is a sexy occupation.
The basic understanding of data science is stepping stone to becoming a data scientist. This course exactly guides you to become a good data scientist. It was good learning experience. Thank you so much professor and all the data scientists who took effort in creating this content and share their take on data science. Thanks to coursera team for putting this together.
Hi. The course was very helpful, with the audio, video and text that allowed me to get a a hands looks inside data science. As the trend of data science gains more feet into AI with advance medical technologies will take a rise. Curious people are willing to see what data science is they can take this program, I feel the course will offer you great knowledge in-depth.
I joined this course with a very less knowledge about Data Science and how the work is done in this industry. Thanks to all the teachers and peers to help me in understanding this course. This course is really helpful for those who don't know what data science is and what data scientists do. For beginners who really love to play with data this course is must for you.
The course is very well structured and sets the tone for rest of the course. It clearly explains the importance of data science, its various applications across industries and also how data scientists work and what personal traits would be required to be a great data scientist. I am looking forward to learn more from the rest of the courses under this specialization.
It was a fantastic experience for me to join this course!The course was so insightful. There are so many lessons that caught me out cold. It was delivered with a bit of humour and very interesting! I get a glimpse of what data science is, career path to becoming a data scientist, what important qualities of a data scientist would be, and data science report writing.
Very informative course that tells you what data science really is, tells you more about what one does as a data sceintist, gives information on tools used in data science and about the main componenents of a report made by a data scientist.It has interviews of people who are learning or have learnt data science and have pursued a career that requires data sciences.
I have completed this course (Mt final assignment is under grading) and to be honest, I have learnt a lot from it .This is a perfect start which a Data science aspirant needs at start! I really loved the Report structure thing of this course as its something which many people lack at! I really want to thank Coursera & IBM for bringing across such a wonderful course!
I rated 5-star because it is an excellent orientation of Data Science. I get to know the basic knowledge of this subject matter, its application and the daily work of the data scientist. I like the sector which provides comments on the requirement/necessary characteristics of a data scientist. It helps me review my pros and cons and the suitability for this area.
This was a very good course to take. It was full of information and I love the diversity of getting other peoples idea's and experience when it comes to data science. I would recommend this course to everyone and if you do decide to take this or any of these make sure you are in a quiet room where there is no noise in the room and you can do it some place quiet.
This course was short and simple. It contained everything one needs to know about data science. It was like a vast lecture about what is data science and its applications. I learned many things as I mentioned in the "what have you learned" section. I got a clear knowledge about the things about data science and now I know which direction I have to move forward.
My name is Jose Antonio. I am looking for a new Data Scientist career (https://www.linkedin.com/in/joseantonio11) I did this course to get new knowledge about Data Science and better understand the technology and your practical applications. The course was excellent and the classes well taught by the teacher.Congratulations to Coursera team and IBM Instructors.
The course is a very pleasant introduction to the field of data science. Don't expect too much coding or theory - the goal of this course is to let you grasp the basic concepts and ways of thinking.I already have some experience in data science, but gained more than expected here! (HOWEVER, the next two courses in this certificate - not on par with this one).
I am very satisfied with the quality of the videos, which are basically interviews, in two ways: The content of the interviewees was excellent - to the point, well spoken. The quality of the sound was also excellent. Overall, this is a very helpful basic course that everyone who starts in, or is already involved with, the field of data science should review.
I liked that you have people from different professional backgrounds provide their definition of Data Science. It makes me feel good about what I am doing, because I studied to become a lawyer, and I found out recently that I am good at analyzing data so I decided to start a career now in Data Science. Thank you to everyone that made this training possible!
As someone looking to change careers, I felt this was a great introduction for me to better understand data science as an industry and profession.  It solidified my interest to continue to pursue this path as I discovered that many of my strengths which have made me successful thus far can apply to this field as well once I develop the technical knowledge.
Two words; clear and concise.
I cannot emphasize how the clarity and straightforwardness of the provided materials
are the highlight of my review. Introducing Data Science in plain English? I’m
all ears! I am excited to continue the remaining courses in the Data Science
Professional Certificate. Thank you to all that helped produce this outstanding
course.
This course has increased the knowledge with very basics and real examples from different industries who they are applying the Data tools to improve the services.It has also made huge impact on how important the Data is no matter how old and huge the data is. The right tools/programs should be used to analyze the data in structured way.Highly recommended.
Really liked it. It was meaningful information that gave a holistic image of the field. The quizzes helped focus on retaining information. For the final open question assessment, it would be good to have a suggested length of response. I feel bad for the people who would have to read through my essay about who is a data scientist and what is data science.
My only complaint is that I had to repeat some of the information when time passed by in that I wasn't progressing in the course for over a month.  I redid some of the material to be able to continue.  I reached out about it because it seemed like my prior work history was lost, for example, tests.  Otherwise, the course material was a good introductory.
Actually my university take every student to industry for industrial visit. There every industrial expert will share there experiences and also guide us how to do and solve problems.In the same way, In this course I felt like interacting with Industrial experts and I learned so much basics in this coarse.This course must deserve  5 STAR Rating.Thank You!
As an absolute beginner, it was a great experience going through the videos and content. It did address many of the questions I myself had. It may be too basic for someone who knows some data science, but as for me, I really enjoyed it. It's an introductory course after all, it does set the context well in a way that is easy for a layman to follow.
A good introduction to Data Science that highly focuses on the insights of experience professionals and some from academia with their holistic view of the topic by encompassing it on their nature of work they are currently inclined to.Also, the several concepts and methods of Data Science mentioned on this introductory course is beginner friendly.
The course is designed in such a way that it lifts you up from 0 to 100, I recently turned to the data science field but had no clue about what it actually is, but thanks to this course by IBM and Coursera that I can say my journey for data science has started with a pretty strong grip on my basics. Once again thanks Coursera and thanks to IBM.
Before learning the tools (Python, R, Hadoop, SQL, etc...), machine learning models, data visualization techniques and more, it is important to see the big picture of data science. This course gives you that needed introduction to data science. It may skip it, however, if you want to dive directly to the fun part of actually doing data science.
I thought I knew what data scientist or data science means. However, after learning from this course, I have a whole new definition of these two terms. I'm glad I was able to learn something new even though most of materials are videos and articles. I look forward to start doing some hands-on learning in the other three quarters of the course!
This course provides a good foundation for understanding what data science is and what roles data scientists play in the modern business environment. The presentations are well structured and interesting.The instructor provides a sound recommendation for writing a final report that aligns with general academic guidelines at the graduate level.
Nice way for a newbie to ease into the subject area.  Compelling professors and students were used; made for enjoyable viewing.  Unfortunately the IBM Watson 'detour' didn't work as well for me, but I assume there will be other chances to use such tools.  Peer reviewing was also well-organised; the rubrics made the process straight-forward.
i am get this course for free using finencial aid application. first of all thanks to coursera team and IBM team to give me free this course. i was complete this course recently. and This course is very best and teaching faculty are  best. and most part is that the given examples very easy to understand.I love this course. Thanks coursera.
It is an excellent introduction to Data Science. Before starting this course, all I thought data science to be just a fancy name for Machine Learning. But after completing this course, I have come to realize that Data Science is completely different than Machine Learning. I have come to learn the many application areas of Machine Learning.
Its a quite a nice session about the data science. Its more like a story telling session which introduce the key terminologies, people's experience and the advantages of the learning in DS. Quite inspiring for a beginner to understand the requirements  and the career options. Well crafted, Thanks IBM , Coursera and all the people involved.
I really enjoyed this introduction to Data Science course.  It did a pretty good job of explaining what Data Science is by asking that question of many people from different backgrounds and industries with a Data Science title.  It also covered many examples on how Data Science has been used and how it is likely to influence the future.
Very elaborate course incorporating comprehensive views about Data Science coming from different academics and students. A great platform for starters to learn more about the basic concepts and applications of Data Science. It would be better if it could also introduce simple technical skills such as Python or SQL as a taster exercise.
This course is very Practical oriented. Instead of just having a normal lecture upon on the course as most of the other courses do, well this is very distinct from all. It makes you understand the real application and use of the subject and make you feel much confident by having an assessment in the end. Loved learning from Coursera!!
Really Nice course. I am from computer science background and i got some ideas about data science. But, this course really flourish my knowledge and thoughts. The videos are really informative with perfect duration. This course really in courage me to be curious and  and passionate for solving my data science problem.  Thank you :).
Just awesome! From Prof. Haider's experience with Data Science to the videos, loved every bit of it. The course perfectly summarises what Data Science is, the career opportunities in this field and elaborated on what qualities a good Data Scientist should possess. A great course for a beginner to get comfortable with Data Science.
This is a great introductory course in the world of Data Science. You will understand the crux for data science and get introduced to terms used in Data Science and will be able to make a report at the end of this course. I liked the way Prof. Murtaza Haider introduced subtly the terms involved. Its a great course to get started!
The course gives a good overview to answer the question "What is data science?" The featured professors are very knowledgable and personable. The quizzes are helpful in assessing your understanding of the material, although I wish they were a little more comprehensive. Overall, I am pleased with the course, and plan to continue.
This is a great course if you are to start with what is Data Science and want to go ahead and do it full time and change careers in near future. Especially its a part of IBM Data Science Professional Certificate that's a great deal within itself.Thank you Coursera for this course and to help me start on the path of Data Science.
I liked the way the course began. It did not straight away start with coding or probability or statistics or theory about the topic but introduced to quite a lot of people from the industry or with good amount of experience. This helped to gain different views from different people and explain a broader perspective of the topic.
I really enjoy this course.The way of explain each concept with real time examples .Before i have a doubt on what are the data science application and where can we use the data science.Now i have a basic idea about that.Thanks for providing free courses with valuable and understandable information.Once again thanks to Coursera.
Good afternoon!
The course is very interesting and informative. Introduces students to a science like data science. They talk in detail and fascinatingly about the prospects of this area, the necessary competencies. In general, it is recommended for viewing even for people who understand what this direction is. It will be fun!
The course through the videos and interaction with people working in different domains provides a great insight into the field of data science. The methodology of teaching is amazing and the experts talking about their take on data science is exceptional. A must do course for all those wanting to gain insight into this field..
I learned the wonderful field of Data Science, knowing the difference between Data Science, Big Data, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Neural Networks.
AI and Data Science are not subsets.
AI covers everything that allows computers to solve problems and make decisions.
Data Science covers all the data processing methodology.
its a must take course for every techie to have know how about data science, and why it is growing so fast.I recommend this to every one, does not matter from whatever domain he/she belongs, you must take this course, as it will boost your knowledge and confidence about so many things growing so rapidly in the tech industry.
I consider this course a good introductory course for data science. The only thing I do not like is the lack of the possibility to contact teachers in case of problems. I mean I cannot do aspecific question. Even coursera has  its list of FAQ but there not is the possibility to ask a different question non listed in FAQ.
I am working more six yers on data and reporting  but there I many Q I need to answer but  after I finished that the Course for What is Data Science  I can answer for anyone  what is Data Science means finally, on this course, there's big information which anyone needed if you won't to start to work as a Man data Science
This program was perfect for a beginner to the field of Data Science. I don't have a background that is typical or requisite in Data Science.  However, this course provided much needed encouragement and direction through the readings and videos. This first step provided me with the hope and motivation to continue onward.
Very useful for beginners. The course was very well structured and delivered in easy language without using too much jargon. For me it definitely encouraged me to look at more technical courses and probably complete the full 4 - course set. Thanks to the Professors and students for a wonderful and succinct introduction.
I considered myself a relatively well informed person before I began the course, but I learned a lot, and especially benefited from the overall perspective that the course gave me. All this vitally important info in one place, with the needed support to withstand the disturbing truths. I've never seen anything like it.
A very good course help to get more focused on What actually is Data Science? as it covers 1-The history of data science. 2- Examples of some practitioners. 3- How it's the backbone for many outstanding business platforms today and also startups. 4- Most important tools and business models in regarding to Data Science.
Very interesting course, I learnt lot of concepts that could sound difficult to understand at first, but all those were clearly defined in the videos and readings. Lot of interviews in the videos, very interesting to get the point of views from different people. Looking forward to continue my journey with data science!
The introduction of what is Data science is explained in a very structured way.  I'm sure after reading material and listening videos everyone will be able to tell what exactly a "Data Science is" and what is "Data Scientist do". Overall it was a good experience.Structured content and faculty interaction was also good.
For someone with an interest in data science, this is a perfect high level introduction to what to expect as a data scientist. This course will not be useful to someone already working in the field, but is excellent for someone who is considering a move in that direction and is curious about what the field has to offer
The course is well established to get started with Data Science for those who want to start their career in this field. The guidance and insights about the course by the speakers is well explained and the way they have stressed on exploring than cramming is great way of teaching the stuff. Great Course t begin with!!!
For someone who has absolutely no data science background, this course was very easy to follow. And in order for me to learn, that's what I need. I get bored easily when reading or watching videos (which is why in person classes are so hard for me). However, switching up the people who are talking to you helps a lot!
Very introductory, rather useful to understand what people is doing and how (practically) any of us with (almost) any kind of interest can be a part of Data Science. Do not worry: here you do not need to be an engineering, programmer, scientist, MBA... just be curious about what is Data Science and why it is useful!
Good course! Gives you an intro into what data science is, kind of problems which are solved, actual interviews with data scientists and ends with report structure that is ideal for any project on data science. I am already present in this field but it was a good refresher and rekindled my spirit. Thank you so much!
Great introduction to Data Science. The definition and purpose of Data Science before this course was very unclear and hazy for me. After taking this course, I have a comfortable understanding of what data science is, what the importance of it is, and what kind of a characteristics are desirable in a data scientist.
My decision to embark on the journey of this course is by far the best choice ever. I have attempted a couple of online trainings on Data Science before now but Coursera literally makes learning fun and engaging. I find that I am now willing to continue till I achieve my goal in becoming a certified Data Scientist.
I used to have zero knowledge about data science and i think that the course gave me a brief and very useful introduction to what is data science and it's application. Thank you for the financial aid Coursera. I hope that the knowledge would be very useful in the future not only for me, but also for other people.
I have learned alot from this course. What is big data? Where we can use it? and how we can get insights from data? You will find all the answeres here in this course. Moreover, this will enhance your interest in the field of data science. I strongly recommend this course for the newbies. Thank you coursera team.
BY doing this course i come ti know the basic understanding of the what is data science What is the role and prerequisites of data scientist . In the course everything is  mention in  simple and lucid language  . Experts lectures are very informative and and the flow of the course very systematic manner . Thanks
I am overwhelmed by this course and the topics treated. I never had any knowledge of Data Science but the course gave me an opportunity while gaining in-depth knowledge on the data science tools. I am so elated about the Visual Recognition tool I used to analyze images. Thanks to Coursera and the entire IBM team
This gives an excellent overview of what Data Science is from a technical standpoint, and from a human standpoint.  It is a really good way to get an idea if you're the kind of person who would like to become a data scientist or not, and to see what kinds of skills you might need to succeed as a data scientist.
I really enjoyed this course.  It is informative and provides great perspective.  It allows for visual, tactile, audible learning.  It kept my interest and allowed me to apply my learning using concise and useful projects.  I would recommend this course to anyone interested in learning more about data science.
It is great that the course makes a student's focus always on point by little quizes during the videos and also at the end of the videos and reading materails. The only thing I can criticize is that the answers to the questions in the quizes need to be exact words or sentences mentioned at the course material.
I am totally fresh to Data Science and this course just made its way to give me an understanding of what Data Science is and the Nature of Work of a Data Scientist. What it takes to be one in the industry.The course is tailored in such a way that a Newbie will get to the most relevant information at one spot.
I have enjoyed the course primarily because of the interview recordings of Professors and Students form leading universities teaching and studying in the field of data science. I found the choice of topics, sequence, quizzes, animated illustrations and reading material to be very well curated and engaging !
It's a very simple introduction to Data Science. Helps everyone understand what a data scientist is, what they do, and you get to listen to data scientists talk passionately about their jobs. They do not really teach any of the concepts mentioned within this course, but that is not the point of this course.
This introductory course is awesome. it gives you a clear idea of what data science is all about and the a detailed explanation of all the other branches of Data Science. the Proffessors and the students in this introductory description were excellent in taking you through what to expect as a data scientist
data science is the process of using data to understand different things to understand the world .Is the art of uncovering the insights and trends that are hiding behind the data. Is the field about processes and systems to extract data from various forms of whether it is unstructured or structured forms.
it's very helpful for me, in videos you can find it very easy to explain about the data science and what you need to do be come data science. also explain about the data science life and how to prepare report after analysis the data. i really thanks to coursera for helping me to learn about data science.
This course was excellent! I enjoyed the combination of videos from real live data scientists and targeted readings each followed by a mini quiz that taught concepts in bite-size chunks. The hands-on project was straightforward. I went into it confident that I could adequately perform the peer reviews.
A fabulous course and a must for early birds into the world of Data Science and Machine Learning. You will get to know all the terms that make up the world of data science, will get a chance to work on IBM's  Virtual AI system on its Watson platform and learn the importance of data in the 21st century.
This course is the right choice if you want to find your footing in data science. Besides the obvious trio of computer science, statistics and mathematics, understanding your field is key to being a data scientist. The videos help motivate the learner as he or she takes the module's (week's) readings.
I think it does a good job of explaining data science and it takes to be a data scientist. However, there are a lot of typos in the quiz portions of the course, especially the ungraded ones during the videos. Some could be hard to follow or understand for those who English is not their first language.
Awesome course - just what I was looking for as an introduction of the fundamentals of Data Science - unlike most other programs that just want to jump right into coding! Now I have the background I need on what Data Science is (and isn't) and how to apply it.  Thank you!  Well done, IBM and faculty!
As someone who is new to the field of data science, this was a really good introductory course that provided much-needed information and insights. I would definitely recommend to everyone who would like to know more about data science and data scientists - there's a chance you'll want to become one.
I loved the course content and format of frequent evaluations towards knowledge check that ensures that the concepts shared through videos and reading material are understood by the participant then and there itself. Very useful and simple to understand, I feel the course material is very effective.
I really enjoy this learning trip as its my first one. I benefit a lot from Doctor Murtaza who wrote that book and many colleagues in Data Science. I really appreciate this platform makes me know such a group of friends with same interest. Best luck to you all! See you in next course.XiYU in Ireland
Decent starting point for a 9 course schedule. I did find a few grammatical and spelling errors along with some inconsistencies between the course materials and actual work but I think that makes it more interesting and forces you to figure it out for yourself - a big part of learning how to code.
Highly recommended for beginners to get an introduction to Data Science and decide if they want to pursue a career in Data science. Thanks for wonderful content. Just a suggestion is to update the content around Watson Studio as IBM have changed the UI and the slides confuse the student a little.
Overview of What Data Science is and What Data Scientist do to understand, this course will surely help you. I enjoyed to learn from this course as I am more interested in data science or machine learning. I can recommend this course to anyone, who is willing to pursue his career in data science.
I liked the approach. For me, it's greatly important to have this time for understand the possibilities, and the responsabilities, almost the philosophic part of a profession, of a knowledge. So the way you've spoken in this introduction is a important part of studying anything.Thank you so much!
That content was really awesome. There are no words to explain that such a wonderful course. The content was really nice, clean and complete.The arrange of topics also very nice and properly ordered.Overall nice experience with Coursera.Thanks from my bottom of my heart for such Wonderful content
Great course. The best points for me were the clarity given on what Data Science is and what a Data Scientist does. Additionally, the discussion on what it takes to be successful as a Data Scientist and the key traits as well the information on the application in various industries was helpful.
The content is easy to understand. The contributors in the video seem very passionate about data science which is stimulating for newcomers eager to learn about data science.The length of each course is just perfect. It is neither too short nor long. Just the perfect length to keep you focused.
It was really an eye opening course towards journey of Data Science. I really liked the practical examples of the instructors and the concepts explained vividly. If anyone wants to know the nitty gritties of Data Science, this is the course that would be a starting journey towards Data Science.
It is really helpful to understand those concepts around data that may usually hear not knowing what it is. In this course, you can understand and differentiate concepts like BIG DATA, MACHINE LEARNING, DATA MINING, NEURAL NETWORK, among others. And you can get passionate about DATA SCIENCE :)
The introduction to data science was gentle but comprehensive. This approach gives confidence to learners who are new to data science and prepares them psychologically for the technical details of the course. I was inspired by this orientation and I am curious of what lies ahead in the course.
The Course gives a personal a full view of data characteristics,and how data can be of help and importance in many aspects.This course also gives some enlightenment on the scope of data and the experience of data documentation around some of the giant data analytic companies around the world.
Good introduction Good introduction materials for someone who has zero knowledge about data science. This introduction course gives an overview of all aspects of data science and programs related to it. I’m glad i participated in his course which will help me make a decision where to head to.
Data Science is the hottest job in today’s world . Doing the data science certification from simplilearn will add value not only to your resume but after going through training you will get lot of knowledge about data mining and data modelling in R and SAS tool .wonderful course for beginners
The course gave an apt introduction to data science. It was essential to provide a strong background as to what exactly is the use of data science , and more importantly what is data science , and why do we study after all , and whats the demand. I believe that this course just covers it all
Detailed Intro course to become a Data Scientist and got to know about the various things that come under the data science. We also got to know how wast the filed is and their capabilities which give useful methods and techniques to improvise the business/ game/ anything where we applied.
It is great course for the beginners of Data Science as it give a brief introduction to the data science and the role of data scientist. This course also has able to share the experiences of some people in the data science field and how they got into it and their experience related to it.
Very good course, it gives you a basic idea of what data science is. It is very clear, organized. I left with a better understanding of this subject. This course has encouraged me to learn more about data science. I will take the other courses that are part of this specialization as well.
A very basic and from the ground understanding of data science and what data scientists do is mentioned in this course. It is the perfect surface to start this 9-course specialization. I am happy I started with this course and I feel very much confident about moving forward in the series.
Very happy with this introductory course. It not only provided a concise and interesting introduction to the topics, but it also did well to ease you into the course format, including videos, reading, quizzes and the final project submission. I look forward to more courses in this series!
It was enlightening, to say the least. The ability to differentiate each subsets data science, and answer the question of who is a data scientist was the most intriguing. With this initial course, you can make a decision about your motivation level in pursuing the exciting field of data.
It has detail and broad explanation about data science and its application, even if you don't have any knowledge about data science, you could understand every piece of knowledge serve here. All you need to have in the beginning just using your english language to understand this course
in this course i know about how data are actually work and how we are at data science and how to become a data scientist,how out data work,store and how the team work and what knowledge we learnt for understanding data science.this is a good for beginners who want to a data scientist.
Simply in love with Data Science. Thank you IBM and Coursera for helping me revive my thought of being a data scientist which I had dropped. Thank you for helping me believe in myself and I really look forward to your course and aspire to be a data scientist one day. Happy learning :)
Data science :The science of collecting and changing information to knowledgeby​  Data​ Scitist good​ data scientist​ has a 1.​ curious mind, judgemental​ and​ argument2.​ has knowledge of mathematics  and computer science​..3.​ has a good algorithm for analysis data to find a result.
Really a great course to get a clear understanding of what is Data Science and what are the roles of a Data Scientists. It gave me a clear overview when and where do we require data science and clear defines the skills required to be a data scientist. Thanks a lot IBM and Coursera!!!
The course is very friendly but at the same time takes you into the world of Data Science more deeply. I loved the lectures, they gave me the basic understanding of the subject and mostly the time to understand if Data Science is something I wish to put an effort and time into (yes!)
I had some misconceptions about Data Science and what data scientists do. This course set me straight and ignited my enthusiasm to continue pursuing this path. Armed with better understanding and a clearer vision of where and how to proceed, I can't wait to move on to the next level.
Was very happy to hear that curiosity, be extremely argumentative and judgmental are the must and top skills of a Data Scientist! Will definitely read "Getting Started with Data Science: Making Sense of Data with Analytics (IBM Press)". Thank you so much for the great introduction!!!
Informative and well structured, the instructors made the topic interesting and intriguing. Not easy for a "hard" science like Data Science. The sense of wonderment and curiosity that was infused in this course makes it ideal for anyone who is just dipping their toes into the topic.
Murtaza Sir was my favorite during the entire session, his thoughts motivated me a lot, the one when he said the curiosity is the most important skill when you are going to become a DATA SCIENTIST.Really Good Work by Coursera team and IBM for creating such a wonderful course for us.
This is a course which can provide knowledge on Data Science Foundations .A person who is having 0 knowledge on Data Science ,after taking this course can have a clear cut view of applications of Data science and can gain knowledge that can drive his passion in Data science career.
This course has given a basic view about data science and tools being used by data scientist. Easily described about  AI,  Data mining and neural network.  I came to know the basic differences between deep learning and machine learning and how they are interrelated with each other.
Course gives fundamental discription of what is data science and who is data scientist. I have learnt about the skills that are need to become a good data scientist. In general, it is great course, that will open your curiosity and interest to learn even further about data science.
This was just an introduction, but you have done an amazing job. I used to enroll in many courses before in different majors on-campus and online, but no one was enjoyable as this one. I have full motivation to keep exploring on this course details and the next sections. Good job.
Dear Sir/Madam, My name is Orah Richard Ojochegbe, I am from Nigeria, my goal is to obtain my MSc and Ph.D. in data science (Especially AI, Big data and Machine learning(Data mining) in your organization. I have completed a course on what is data science? Please update my account
TO KNOW BRIEFLY ABOUT DATA SCIENCE YOU CAN EASILY LEARN AND HAVE BRIEF KNOWLEDGE VERY EASILY...ONE CURIOUS ABOUT HOW VERY LARGE DATA KEPT SAFELY VERY LARGE IN HOSPITAL, INDUSTRIES ETC...BY THE DATA SCIENTIST AND HOW THEY DO..THEY CAN JOIN THIS COURSE ALL THE BESTTHANKYOU COURSERA
The title of the course really interprets what the entire course will teach you. Very informative, even though I am myself going for masters' didn't knew a lot that they covered in this series of lectures.You will surely change your field if not in the same after watching this!!
A really great course, and an adequate amount of work/quizzes. It says about 3 weeks long of a course you can finish most of it in 1 full week of work. Which is perfect for someone like me, where on the weekends after work I can gain some huge progress and not feel so far behind
Is quite scary to say the least to jump in to something named: Data Science, specially when you don't come from a Data or a STEM way of life. After finishing this course I have to say that I just want to keep learning to get my certificate because I'm sure I can make it happen.
The course was very informative. Now I have a clear image of what is data science and how it's being applied in a large variety of industries. Moreover, I learned what specifications  are required for being a data scientist at a specific field and process of being hired.Thanks
For someone who does not have much of a clue, this course was an eye opener.Dr. Murtaza Haider has explained Data Science very simply and effectively through his videos.Any one who wants to understand what is Data Science at a preliminary level, this is absolutely recommended.
The course was a great introduction to data science. I wanted to study data science but I didn't know which skills I need to be a data scientist. This course made it real clear to how to become a data scientist, why to become one, and what it takes to become a data scientist.
This course has very detailed information on data science and data scientists. The real-life examples and applications of data science presented by different data scientists are also amazing. Overall an excellent course for anyone who wants to venture into this amazing field.
This course does a very thorough job at giving an overview of Data Science and what Data Scientist do. However, I would've liked for it to have delved a little more into how the rest of the certificate course is structured and what to expect; class contents, assignments, etc.
I get an idea about the data science field. Also, I get an idea about the basic responsibility of the data scientist. I'm not a data scientist and not having statistical background but I bit confident after pursue this course I will start my career with data science.  Thanks.
This course helped me lot by clarifying all the basics of data science such as its scope, necessity, the prerequisites to become a data scientist,  how different industries use data science to improve their performance, what are the components of data science and a lot more.
Very well done. Gave me some insight as to what Data Science is. I think anyone looking into Data Science should check out this course. It'll give you some background as to what Data Science is and help you with the decision of whether you want to dive into the field or not.
It's highly helpful for me to know about Data Science career field.I'm deeply passionate about learning Data Science and the quiz they ask is really helpful in getting knowledge about this field.Hoping to complete my certification soon with enriched knowledge in Data Science
An excellent introductory course, however the exercises seemed to be based almost entirely on the specific context of the reading material, I think the ratio of questions which are generic to data science should be more and would be more helpful in retaining what we learnt.
The course is very informative from the first week to the third. It does gives a brief but solid definition of what data science is and what you should do to become a data scientist and what are the behaviours that you need to applicate in order to be a good data scientist.
It is absolutely amazing for beginners who have no knowledge whatsoever about data science . You dont have to be from a computer science background to take up this  1st course. Its like an introductory where they induce what is data science and the vocabulary related to it.
Coursera offers an astonishing chance to develop yourself! Actually, you can learn anything you want from the world's greatest minds. This is a brand new way of learning new things. I have successfully completed "What is Data Science Course?" with industry level  Knowledge.
This course is a great approach to start with data science. This course has provided plenty of knowledge and applications that are directly told by professors of renowned universities. I would definitely recommend this course, who wants to pursue a career in data science.
This is a very well designed course. Very well structured as well. The content is very good and to the point. Content delivery is top-notch. I am now more confidant and a bit nearer to realising my goal of getting hands-on skills in data science by the end of the year.
This course gives me the idea  about data science, data mining, Hadoop, Regression. This course helped me in better understanding about the Data Science and its Related field. If anyone wants an brief idea about data science field and technique, i recommend this course
Great introductory course. Very interesting lecturers. I really smiled a lot and learned a lot and am looking forward to the remaining modules. Also liked the peer-review a lot and found it interesting to know where all those taking the course are actually coming from.
I have no words for describe this experience in coursera, Many thanks for approve my financial aid. I learned many things about what is data science and what I need to be one. This no gonna stop here, this is only the beginning for this wonderful world of great stuffs.
This course was my venture into the world of data science. I have a better understanding of it and what are the must-have skills of data scientists. I am also more educated about the prospects of this as a career and the industry where this can be applied extensively.
I think taking this course was the first and the most important step I took towards building a career in data science. Not only did it give me a detailed insight about the field, but also taught me how it can be integrated into my academic background based on Finance.
Solid introduction to Data Science which also serves as a way to let students who may not be sure this is the path for them get a feel for the kinds of problems they'll be solving and the output that will be expected of them if they choose to pursue this further.
Though it may seem that this beginners module is unnecessary and time consuming for no need initially but it turned out to be helpful and insightful by the end of the module. It gives a detailed overview about data science and a perfect start for further modules.
It is very introductory, it tells you what Data Science is, a bit of its history, what it does and who is a Data Scientist. It tells you desirable treats of someone who wants to work in the field as well. It is really "dipping your toes" before what is to come.
Great little course teaching the philosophy behind data sciences. I especially like that they point out that one does not necessarily need a degree in math or statistics in order to be successful but that imagination, intuition about data are equally important.
The course was interesting but I have not gained any practical experience. In my opinion it would be also quite motivating if multiple tasks are offered to the candidate and upon completion it would reward them with an internship in IBM branch of that country.
It was a good start to get into the world of Data Science. As in the introductory course, it was very well explained as how one should progress his/her career in data science and what are the important things to consider while learning more about data science.
I would recommend this course to anyone world is changing
and it’s all about Data Science. If anyone like to shift their career to data
science and IBM Data Science is the best way to begin with. I can’t wait to
continue with other data science related courses
This is the perfect course for a beginner, it really sets you on the journey and mainly it asks questions about who a data scientist is and what data science is. I loved every bit, all the talks from real life data scientists, very inspirational way to start.
I believe that's a great course and design. Before I never done any online course because I was scared. But after continue doing course with Coursera I'm very happy. I can learn lots and review the other course work give me more knowledge like I feel myself I
The style of teaching is curated for everyone, topics are taught in such a simple and logical way that even a complete layman understand that. Thank you Coursera for giving us the opportunity and the platform to learn new things whenever and wherever we can.
This course is Quiet exciting for a beginner and will give you insight of what really data science is. you'll get to learn different aspects which one should be aware of while entering the arena of data science. Go Ahead and you will love it. Accomplishing..
This was a very good introduction to all aspects of data science. It gave a very thorough review of the field, the technology, business use cases, and ultimately the types of people that would thrive in this environment ;curious individuals and storytellers.
I enjoyed taking the course. The readings and lectures were very informative. I am looking forward to learning more about data science as I proceed through the courses for the certificate. I highly recommend this course for anyone interested in data science.
Very useful and insightful in many ways. Provides a clear understanding of what is, and what is not Data Science. Also, shows you around the paths and opportunities available nowadays in the field and gives access to useful literature to learn more from it.
Amazing course. Kept me intrigued from day 1. Would recommend anyone wanting to know or get started in this field.Ps: A fan of the way Professor Murtaza Haider presents the whole idea of Data Sciences through his book, "Getting Started with Data Sceinces".
At start of this course i only hear Data Science but have no knowledge of Data Science. A very Basic course people like me will definitely get   good introduction level knowledge from this. i will recommend this to everyone whom want to learn Data Science.
The course provides very good introduction to anyone who want to pursue data science. The videos are in the interview format and it covers almost all questions that someone might have before diving into data science. Overall a good course for the beginner.
This was a good introduction to the field for someone who knows practically nothing about it, yet. Now I feel that I know quite a bit more than I did. On the other hand, my expanded awareness of the field has made me realize how much more I have to learn.
This was a good introduction to the world of Data Science and to the different possibilities of application of this new discipline ! It also opened my eyes to the multitude of fields that data science is involved in and helped me reshape my idea about it.
At first, this seems like an irrelevant course however, if you give it a bit of time this becomes a very interesting one. This tells you what is data science with the use of real-life examples. And generate a very strong urge in you to learn data science.
If you you new to data science, this is an excellent course to get started with. It provides you with great insight of Data Science through excellent story tellings. And with this knowledge you can easily build up your technical expertise in data science.
I learnt lots of things from this course and gain lots knowledge about Data Science. Data science and Artificial Intelligence today's time making us to learnt about New technologies. Thank you Cousera for giving me this opportunity to attend this course.
This course is very basic yet quite informative. Some of the videos seemed rather repetitive, but at the end of the course, you'll emerge with a comprehensive understanding of what data science is and what the day to day life of a data scientist is like.
It was a good course. The only problem was that there was no Turkish language support. That's why, while I was translating, it happened that I misunderstood some questions and got missing points. I recommend it to anyone who is interested in this field.
I appreciate the efforts of the course selectors who tried to give insight into data science through this course. The course is what it has been titled. I hope to find techniques details in remaining courses of IBM Data Science Professional Certificate.
Well explained and demonstrated online course that deals with the roles and responsibilities of Data Science and Data Scientist. Very good starter for those who aspire to become a Data Science expert. I'd recommend this course to my friends and juniors.
Really easy to follow, understand and process. I loved the video interviews because the interviewees were able to bring such great examples, that the "man in the street" can easily grasp what is and how Data Science works. I greatly enjoyed this course!
This course will let you know about what is data science and who are data scientists. It clear many things for me from where data science is being used to how they use simple data to predict cool things like "is any show will go hit or miss on NetFlix".
Illustrated very nicely and explain each and every area about data science and data scientist. Its gives a in clear picture about the topics. a person, without knowledge of data science, can also understand the basics of Data Science and its importance.
I recommend this excellent course about Data Science to everyone. You will get the knowledge of what this new science is doing, who are Data Scientist, and what qualities and skills are inherent in them, what they should know, what they can do and how.
This course is good for that person who knows nothing expect these two words. The course helps in going through the stages involved in Data Science and tells about expectations also. It's a good quick course to know what Data Science is.All the best :)
I am really enjoying the course. Now I am going to enter to the part of the course that excites me the most which is learning how to program in python and SQL. I hope this next 3 courses are as well explained and as well summarized as these 3 courses.
This course journey was actually awesome. I introduced me so many things about the data science and made a spark to continue my journey in this field to uncover a lot of hidden secrets about the real world using huge amount of data and processing it.
This course provides an overall insight into data science,  this new area. This course guides me to let me have a clear idea on what data science actually is and requirements I need to further to gain on my journey to continue to be a data scientist.
Provides useful insights into the report making process and what a data scientist is actually supposed to do. Interpersonal skills and curiosity, technical knowledge. A person has to be analytically sound and a flair of telling stories from the data.
This program is has information that is very important now in days, and I would suggest it to teens, high school students, and college students to take this course to better understand how the world is involving especially in technology and economy.
This course was much faster than advertised. It took me 3 hours or so for the entire course, and felt more like the first few lectures and first assignment of a typical university-level course. Still, it was informative and well-designed--great job!
Very good basic introduction to data science. Although you won't learn much in terms of skills, this gives a good overview of the field and what to expect. Experienced professors and data scientists explaining what the field is about is motivating.
This course sets the tone for the rest of the courses by clearly explaining the meaning of Data Science and also the roles of Data Scientist. It also talks about the job market for Data Scientist and best practices to follow. Great value for money.
This course is quite informative for someone who knows nothing about data science to begin with and gives a very basic description of data science. It explains to us what data science is without the technical jargons and is very easy to understand
a good introduction to the world of data science. it helps you understand the concept of the field and you get acquainted with its various applications. and it also points out the skills and experiences that you require to become a data scientist.
A great introduction to Data Science. Not only does it give a great high level introduction from leaders in the field, but also invokes the person's interest to learn more about Data Science. I met some great peers as a part of the course as well.
This course is a perfect start for Data Science. The best part about the course was the interview of various data scientist. They not only shared their experience, but also gave some tips in order to become a data scientist. Really enjoyed it !!!
Special thanks to Dr. Murtaza Haider, Dr. Alex Aklson and Dr. Polong Lin for guiding me through this amazing tour to what really is Data Science. Last, but not least, thanks to IBM and Coursera for producing great and fresh courses like this one.
A very good introduction to Data Science. It explains what is needed to become a data scientist, giving a clear picture of the differences between Artificial Intelligence, Data Science, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Data Mining, and Big Data.
awsome learning app of Coursera due to  i  learn best knowledge of basic data science really learn this platform  not only read this  book but Coursera video most benefit of complete data science study  than next step whole study thanks Coursera
This course has introduced me to Data Science and opened up a new world of interest to me. I originally took this course to help me be more proficient in Financial Analysis, but I discovered a new interest in Data Analysis as a whole. Thank you.
This course was quite insightful and had all the ingredients to make me furthermore interested in data science career. A big thanks to the team which compiled the videos and took the pain to compile the quite insightful videos! Bigthanks again!
I enjoyed learning about the topic and gaining knowledge of the field. The videos and the individuals that presented their perspective provided useful insights and expectations in this career field. I'm glad to pursue a career in this industry.
A very good course to understand what data science is .I liked the course very much .Before the course my level was zero  but when i ended the course i was feeling that yes i have got much information about this field .It was very interesting .
This course provides a wonderful introduction to Data Science in a very simplified and amazing way.Had a lot of fun going through this journey. Whoever interested in learning Data Science from scratch should get enrolled in this. Thanks a lot!
I liked you concise why of presenting the enssential, without geeting into too much BS. This topic does give avenues for a lot of BS, unless you are focussed and desciplined to check off the right items and move on. You did a good job. Cheers!
The courses have enriched me in understanding the data science. The courses provided simple explanation through videos and writing which enables me to much better understand. I will continue to the next level of the courses Thank you coursera.
This is a great introduction to what data science is, including who does it, what they use to do it, and the necessary components of the job. The videos and readings are easily digestible while still furthering knowledge on the subject matter.
Data Science course is really motivational and inspiring. During the course we feel very much excited about learning the new terms and concepts. Also great interaction with the various speakers and their particular field knowledge. Thank you.
a good course to start with. it keeps on tossing different terms time and again to let you know what it would be like in the following modules yet the presenter keeps things simple at the same time, not to over emphasize on technical details.
While data scientists often come from many different educational and work experience backgrounds, most should be strong in, or in an ideal case be experts in four fundamental areas. In no particular order of priority or importance, these are:
Great course for beginners in Data Science. It tries to establish the foundation of data science in an individual. It is theoretical and helps one understand what will be the role/contributions if he/she chooses Data Science as a Career path.
The course was perfectly informative for beginners. However, during the couse I expected that learn more technical details related to topic but it was all about the definitions of term. The assignments could include more technical questions.
Thank you to IBM and courseera for the opportunity to participate in the course. I have learnt so much about Data science and how data scientist use data to solve real world problems. I will definitely recommend this course to my colleagues.
this course is from scratch level, if you dont know anything then dont worry this is from beginning. you dont need to prerequiste knowledge to do this course and best part of this course is it provides verified digital badge. that is awesome
Defines data science in the broadest terms as well as includes definitions by professional data scientists. In this course you will have an overall understanding of what a data scientist does, and what skills a good data scientist possesses.
I enjoyed the introduction. Listen to the opinions of people that deal with Data Science every day is really interesting to understand how the tools available in the Data Science pool are used according to the professional's characteristics.
Excellent the introduction of the topics and explanations are so understandable and clear and the quiz,readings are also focuses on the main elements of the topics and worth reading and additional gaining our work by certificate. Thank you.
Excellent quality content! It's a great  course to get started in Data Science .the speakers were awesome ,they made the course really interesting. I would highly recommend this course to anyone who is curious in learning about Data Science
I really enjoyed the course.  The videos and reading materials were very interesting.  To further my learning, I purchased the instructor's book.  I will be recommending this course to other colleagues who have an interest in data science.
This Course is not at all what you are thinking it to be. This is just an introduction to what data science actually is. I never thought it to be so thorough. It is an essential course to take if you are planning to go for a certification.
Simple but to the point wherein even a common man like me able to understand and grasp the subject matter.  I must thank the people involved in making this course and I wish all the other co-learners very good luck!Thank you.Balakrishnan R
This is an amazing course, very well designed and the instructors are also great. It contains all the essential things required for a beginner in this field and the reading material is also very interesting. I enjoyed learning this course.
This course really helped me understand what data science is. I had read a lot of articles before I found this course an I just couldn't pin down what exactly it means to be a data scientist and to do data science until I did this course.
This course was really helpful with respect to understanding Data Science, Data Scientist,  Career prospective of Data Scientist and use of Data Science within the organization. Notes of Murtaza Haider are worth reading and understanding.
Absolutely amazing. I did not know going in that the program would be so well structured. The material is great and the videos by professor Haider and professor White is outstanding. Couldn't have asked for a better start in Data Science.
Data Science is toolbox that enables engineers, programmers, scientists, and learners to practice and learn  their raw data and structured data to draw stories, facts, hypothesis, findings and conclusions about their data piles and stocks
It is an amazing course that gives a bird's-eye view of data science as an emerging stream. The course was indeed insightful and I highly recommend the aspirers of data science or analytics to begin this course and have a happy learning.
I highly recommend this course. The topics covered were educational and relevant. The lectures were presented in an engaging and interesting manner. The reading materials were concise and not overbearing. I really appreciate this course!
This course provided me a brief overview of Data Science and I loved the segments by Prof. Haider Murtaza. This course gave me complete clarity on Data Science, careers and future developments. A big thanks to Coursera and Prof. Murtaza.
I am pretty new to the topic Data science. This course gives a very good introduction to Data science. whats the role of data scientist, Difference between Data science and AI. And how to produce report for the insight revealed by data.
I really liked this introductory class. Demystify what Data Science is, and through very simple lectures and examples clarifies how can you become a Data Science. I took this class as part of the Professional Certificate in Data Science
A really good starting point to understant the role and functions Data Scientist can perform. I really enjoyed the take on the soft skills that the instructors have which i agree is the most important quality a Data Scientist can have.
This course helped me in understanding Data science from the basic concepts. The video sessions are fascinating and knowledgeable. The interactive sessions with experts helped me to understand the demand for data science in the future.
This is a great course to kick start your Data Science Journey. Some people my found it dry as there are alots of reading and talking instead of practical exercises. But hey, you need to learn how to walk before you could actually run!
Excellent and an aspiring data scientist, Insightful! Would love to have a module of live interaction over video call or text with the instructor to ask questions instead of waiting for queries to be resolved over the discussion forum.
Easy to manage, interesting real-world examples given that helps you contextualise the theories given, and the hands-on exercise involving IBM's image recognition tool was an eye-opener. Worth taking as an introduction to data science.
Thank you so much for such a great opportunity. I am now more confident about Data Science and its application in real world. I look forward to going deep into this field for the betterment of my career and future opportunities.Regards
It was fantastic experience while going through this course and helped lot to understand what is actually Data science .Thanks to coursera to allow  me financial aid scheme and also thanks to IBM to make such wonderful course.Thank You
Great Course. Very professional and I believe the concepts for beginners are explained quite clearly and the expectations students should have from data science careers. Teachers were great and it was interesting to hear their views.
Nowadays data science is very popular and if you are looking to get into the field, this class is perfect for you. It provides the roles and responsibilities of a data scientist and the personal characteristics to succeed in the job.
I would like to thanks, IBM and Coursera to provide me an opportunity in the field of data science, it is my first step in data science and I find it very interesting and fun and I will carry on my journey to learn more data science.
It's amazing course for beginners who wants to start their career with data science.This course gives precise knowledge about what is data science? and related concepts.If you want to learn data science.Don't hesitate,just go for it.
Short time videos and reading materials bring me into the data science world. I really enjoy learning new stuff in this well designed and organized resources. I hope more and more new bees can joining in this new stage! All the best!
this course was really all-inclusive for the matter of introduction, it was really nice to learn about data science and its applications from Professors and Interns in the videos and the PDFs provided were really helpful in all ways.
This course was brilliant, it was broken down into digestible bite size sections. The course started with a great introduction and gradually got more difficult as the course went on. I would 100% recommend this course to colleagues.
I enjoyed this course so much, such a perfect way to start your career in Data Science, it is a complete overview, i feel like everyone should do this even if you are experienced, it shows the full length and breadth of Data Science
A course that will teach you much more than what you'd expect, comprehensive and interactive. Imparts knowledge not only about the basics of Data Science but also its market value, usage across all fields of work, and employability.
The course has excellent tools that help in learning, it allows us to better understand the concepts in any language, the evaluations are correctly prepared but more videos are needed with mind maps and drawings to improve learning.
Excellent introduction to data science. I may not be the best at math but this has taught me that if I am curious and willing to learn then I can achieve something in this field. Enjoyed the videos, the lecturers are very inspiring.
It is a good course, which gives an overview that allows you to answer questions such as: what is data science? What are data scientists? What do data scientists do? What skills are necessary in Data Science? Among others like that.
Super good INTRODUCTION to this multidisciplinary field! You won't gain hard skills or learn techniques, rather you will understand what this is all about and know the work life of data scientists better.Thank you IBM and Coursera.
After taking this introductory course, I have a better understanding of data science thanks to the instructors and the wonderful materials in the form of videos and documents that were provided. I really enjoyed taking this course.
It's been a wonderful course, I have really enjoyed learning, The course was very well structured with a complete package for an individual who wants to pursue his/her career in Data Science. Thanks to Instructor, COursera and IBM.
Being someone that is new to data science, I find the teachings very clear and succinct. Not only that, having more than one tutor gives a good variety for knowledge acquisition. For me, the content and teaching delivery is superb!
It is a really interesting subject and a great way too learn. For me it was perfect, learned a lot about the fundamentals! On the other hand, it does not penatilize you enough for not knowing things. Which I think can be improved.
I love this course. I should pick up this course 10 years ago. I'm too old and i don't think anyone would employ me after i complete this remaining course. Good that i know now, Will definitely further my studies in this subject.
Great introduction about what Data Science is, what is required to become a Data Scientist and what you can do with Data Science.      I loved the part that touched what you can do with IMAGES with IBM Watson.    Very impressive!
Data science is the process of using algorithms, methods, and systems to extract knowledge and insights from structured and unstructured data. It can be used to make predictions and decisions using analytics and machine learning.
This course is the best course I have ever taken. I really loved the interviews done in this course. I also loved the way this course was presented. I highly recommend this course for those want to begin a career in Data Science.
The course was very good and beautiful. I really loved watching all the videos. But there were few videos whose Subtitles didn't match the words used in the lectures. It must be updated. Otherwise, the course was just fantastic.
Wonderful experience in this course and it is very useful in my further career and i came an idea about in the data science and how is data is changing the world into the digital world and increases the quality of life Thank You
It is very good introductory course on Data Science. Beginners will get a really good idea of where to head next. My suggestion to others will be to complete all the courses in this specialization. Cheers to IBM and Coursera :))
Despite the fact that quizzes were locked, and, PhD guy claimed that you have to be a PhD to be a successful data scientist. No, you do not have to. What you really need is interest in this field and passion to do data analysis.
It is remarkably helpful for me who do not have strong background in programming or statistics, to get a good grasp on what is actually data science, what is the fundamental concept, and what skills needed to master this subject
As this was the course 1, author has covered the scope ,requirements and vastness in a very clear and comprehensive way. Also the speakers are well experienced. Will look forward to go through the other parts of IBM Data Science
From this course I learned how can I use the knowledge of data science in different fields and how to  data analysis in my field of interest as well as what kind of knowledge and skill I need to acquire for fulfilling my goals.
It is a well-organized course which makes me familiar with the concepts of data science and data scientists. I addition, it brought a lot of good examples from real-world how to apply data science or how to be a data scientist.
This Course completely and accurately defines data science, how it can be used, what are the tools to achieve and where it can be used. This also gives knowledge about different sub-sets of data science.Very good for beginners.
Awesome . An easy course with very good content . Not some professors are coming and teaching , people with experience whowith data science are discussing points related to data science and sharing their views among themselves.
Understanding what is data science and what is the role of data scientist, tool and techniques to be understood and attitude and aptitude required for being a data science professional what is a report and whats its components.
This first course really encourages and motivates me about data science career. Understand that data science is not only about statistics and algorithms, but also about storytelling was the best way to start the specialization!
The course is perfect for a beginner to get introduced to the concept of data science. The videos of Dr. Haider in particular are exceptional and his choice of words to describe components of DS makes it easy for the student to
What is Data Science is the first course I have completed. The course delivers a clear cut explanation by providing clear cut examples and  through professionals, teach us what exactly a data scientist does in day to day life.
This course provides a great introduction into what data science is and the type of work that data scientists do. I went into this course with no prior knowledge and came out of it feeling proficient and excited to learn more.
Murtaza Haider's readings were enjoyable and really struck a chord with me. It was relatable with my experience as a systems engineer and informative beyond the scope I was expecting. I look forward to completing more courses.
It is a very good overview to data science, provides insights from area experts and students who are now studying data science. The readings and toolbox provides a good starting point for students to learn about data science.
This was gave a great introduction to the field of Data Science.  It has increased my interest in learning more about Data Science and the tools used to do a data science analysis and report preparation and reporting.  Bravo!
Coursera world best provide courses for everyone I am very happy and love Coursera and I learnt new technology of data science by Coursera and I have experienced excellent skillsand education through Coursera Thanku Coursera
This course is great, it help me to understand what is data science. which field is appropriate to use data science how thinks work.it's helpful to understand data science without a touch of any code and any technical skill.
I found the videos and readings a great was to start the course. It gave some context around what data science is and what it takes to be a data scientist. I thought the video footage from the experts were particularly good.
It's always good to hear a definition of Data Science from professionals. Textbook definitions can always lead one astray. In this course we could at least get insight from professionals in the field. It was well explained.
this course makes me understand an overview of Data Science world and what Data Scientist do on their job. Certainly I also understand what's the importance of the data and how deliver it communicatively to the stakeholder.
Good way to interaction and deliver the lecture from both organization (academia and industry). Industry endorse the objectives of the academia and and clear our concepts through some lighter examples of real life projects.
I really like the way the course is being taught, I appreciate the instructors and my classmates. I now know what data science is before now whenever it's been said I thought it's out of this world. Thanks for this Package.
Course is well structred. This course is about How data science can be used in our life and what prequisites are need to be data scientist.This course clear the thought about What is data science and What is Data scientist?
Excellent course for introduction in Data Science Specialization. Material covered not only technical side but also explains significance of soft skills like curiosity, sense of humor, presentation and communication skills
I believe this is very enlightening course regarding the similarities and differences of data science and other areas. I was able to understand what is data science, why it is important, and how it can be used in practice.
It was very informative, and a well put together brief introductory course about data science: its importance, and how we reached to having data science as a course. As well as the benefits of the work of data scientists.
The course gives a brief understanding of what data science actually is while correcting certain academic misconceptions. It's very useful to get an idea on whether this field will suit your needs or fulfill your passion.
what is data science is a completely new way of understanding from my previous understandings. The course was briefly described each and everything very well. Thanks to the entire team who are all worked on this course.
Engaging and interesting materials. The lectures reveal the truth behind the cloak of data science. It shows the variety of skills and background that can define a data scientist. No math course, just business concepts.
A very well crafted course for Introduction to Data Science. This course drives motivation in learners to progress further in the field and encourages the learners to decide a field of study for the application purpose.
This was an excellent introductory course with a positive, inclusive message about Data Science and the future of the field. Thank you to the instructors and course coordinators for a well organised informative course!
Enjoyed the interviews.  I thought they provided a pretty good assessment of what data science is, what is needed to embark on a career in data science as well as the important uses data science has on our world today.
A detailed description by experienced professors and achieving data scientists. The readings were very informative. I liked the way they introduced data science. I am excited to go forward, learn and finish the course.
I am taking the course as a part of the certificate program. I think this course is a good start for someone without previous knowledge on data science. For those with some previous knowledge it might seem quite basic.
It was good experience during training. I got to know many thing about data science and data scientist. Earlier  i had no knowledge about data science but now i got many knowledge about data science. Thank you Coursera
Clear and concise course, to gain insights over data science and data scientist, I will pursue the full program. This a clear course to do, if you want to know what is all this about and what you can do on this field.
"Data Science is what data scientist do. Data Scientists collect the data , Analyze the data with appropriate tools and find the hidden pattern in the data to solve the problem and tell the story to the stakeholders."
This course is awesome and really engaging. I liked the way of teaching. The course made everything clear about the topic. And those quizzes and assignments really made every topic concrete.Thank You IBM and Coursera.
This course provides a good knowledge on introduction to data science, application of data science and so on. The lectures and study materials are so nicely arranged so that one can go through the course step by step.
I mostly like the sequence of materials and videos contents are very well organized to the topic. Multiple views on same topics cleared my concepts and broaden my perspective on the fundamental topics of Data Science.
I have spent my great time with coursera in learning data science .I am undergraduate student even i don't no what is data science. This course provided me about A very basic and shallow introduction to data science.
it gives you a great vision of what is data science, what is the job of a data scientist, how to become a data scientist if its a suitable job for you. and has a good introduction of machine learning and data mining.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. It gave me some insight into a field which I initially wasn't very familiar with; but now I look forward to seeing how I can utilize the skills that I learnt to strengthen my resume.
A very good introduction to the field for all entry levels. Some very useful insights into the field and I can already see that the specialisation is geared towards professional development in a Data Science career.
I just start learning this course but I am really enjoying so you also should take this course because you will get to know more about data science and the field that you need to work on to be a good data scientist.
Data Science is considered to be a very complex subject given it's a new discipline. The simplicity of this course in providing insights into this new discipline is very unique. Makes learning easier and interesting
It is a great course for a beginners like me who need to gain the basic knowledge and get familiar with what Data science actually is. I enjoyed this course and am satisfied with the knowledge it served for basics.
This course is an excellent start to get into the world data science. It gives you an overview of data science, the required skills & knowledge to excel in data science, applications of data science, and much more.
This course proves a great introduction to data science and some basic concepts. I would recommend it to anyone who is not sure about what data science is about and would like to have a clearer understanding of it.
My thoughts on this course would be:A good and subtle way to introduce the student to the concept of data science and the video sessions are on the point and could be understood by anyone without any prerequisites.
The course was really helpful for motivating me towards Data Science. I had not this much idea that Data Science deals with everyday life, but this course shown me a open road on what the career of Data Science is.
It was completely new subject for me. But being its trend in job market I was very interest to gain knowledge of this subject. This course has totally provided that basic information which I was eyeing for. Thanks
amazingly  informative and very helpful cause of the flexible schedule feature, advancing your career have never been easier but thanks to coursera it is now :) all the best future conquerors be better each day :)
This course demonstrated what is data science with some study cases, they mentioned the character of a true data scientist and what should you look for hen recruiting a data scientist.Thanks a loT IBM and Coursera
Great introductory course! Best part was to listen to the data scientists and how they define data science to approach a real world problem. This course will certainly make someone motivated towards data science.
A concise introduction to what Data Science is and what a Data Scientist does. I would recommend this course to anyone who has heard of the term(s) beforehand and would like to delve further into what it implies!
Brilliant entry course in to Data Science. I would recommend this course to anybody that wants to follow a career in Data Science, but does not know where to begin. Well you have found your starting point. Enjoy!
This course helped me understand what data science is and the way it's changing the world. Excited to learn more in-depth about data science through Coursera while implementing and advancing with it in my career.
Good course for beginners. Explains the basic definitions of Data Science, Data Scientists, Final Deliverable and Project Report. Would recommend to those who are interested in learning Data Science from scratch.
The course was indeed very helpful and eye opening to me personally. The importance of data science and it's various examples of its applications is now well understood by me. Thank you coursera for this course!
Excellent content! Very well explained and a great introductory course that really gets you interested in Data Science. I would highly recommend it to anyone curious in learning about what Data Science is about.
Data Science is a process, not an event. It is the process of using data to understand different things, to understand the world. It is the art of uncovering the insights and trends that are hiding behind data.
This course is a very good introduction into what is covered by data science, what the process involves, which skills are required for a career as a data scientist and how to proceed with a data science career.
The course is structured in a clear and easy to understand manner, with great practical insights into the field of data science. A real eye opener and wonderful introduction that provides a clear understanding.
It's a good course to know what data science is explained by experts of different fields, it's also encouraging and helps increase morale and inspiration for people new to the topic. I'm glad I took the course.
This is a wonderful course for those new to Data Science. It describes what Data science is and who is a Data Scientist. It tells more about the opportunities about Data Science. In summary, I love the course.
It was my first course in learning Data Science. The course material was interesting and easy to follow. The definitions were clearly presented. Highly recommended for those who wish to become Data Scientists.
The reading activity is fantastic. It quotes the best of live examples used in daily life allowing students to learn and understand the concept better. Hoping to see the same for rest of course. god bless all.
This is a very good course for beginners who would like to get basic insights about data science. all the topics are very well explained and any person even with no knowledge about data science can understand.
Hello  to world of data science. This course is quick and crisp way to learn and understand data science as a beginner.  I was hearing about it like you for a last 3-4yrs now understand the underlying reality.
It was a great course and all the instructors explained every concept very clearly. It was much better than I expected. Because of this course, I developed more interest in exploring data science. Thank you:)
Simply wow, knowing from nothing to knowing on something.Best course to understand the basics and to know where, when, what and how it can be used.Looking forward more things.All the best and Thank you guys.
I am new to data science and this course gave the much-needed eye-opener on the subject with practical examples that are so easy to understand and relate to. highly recommend taking the full specialization .
I really liked this introductory course in Data Science. I like the fact that I only had to refer this course to get an overview of Data Science and did not have to dig information from the internet. Thanks.
This is a great introductory course in which I learned various aspects of the vast data science world. The course is easy to understand and contains every detail to get started with the data science industry
This is a great way to learn more about the field and study of data science. It also sheds light on the misconceptions of what a data science is along with explaining all the buzzwords surrounding the topic.
I found this course to be very much Interesting as I could see that the people who were involved in teaching this course were actually very enthusiastic and were giving good examples on the topics discussed.
Wonderful set of videos and readings. It helped me a lot in understanding what Data Science is and also helped me tremendously to narrow down my choices as to what kind of a Data Scientist I want to become.
Data Science course is designed in so simple way to grasp by anyone as just getting the right direction of training course. Excitement were there till the last and want advance training on the Data Science.
This course was eye opening and at the same time it really helped me to understand data science in general. Most importantly it exposed me to new platforms such Jupiter notebook, which i never heard before.
This course is full of information that Data Science is all about and it definitely helps you develop your interest in Data Science. So far, I'm looking forward to learning more and imply this in my career.
I really loved this course. It is a nice course to get start with Data Science. I got a basic idea of Data Science. I had a lot of questions about data science and I clearly understood what Data Science is.
A perfect course to know what is Data science for real.If you don't know anything about Data science then this is the right place to start with.Great job Coursera and IBM team. Really thankful to you guys.
The course was very gentle in terms of imparting knowledge and stays true to its 'Beginner level ' tagline. I would recommend this course to anybody wanting to have a peek into the world of Data Science.
This course is very (surprisingly) informative for such short airing time.It helps me a great deal in demystifying the very foundation of what Data Science is and what makes a Data Scientist.Many thanks!
Very good course, with informative videos from data science professionals and academic leaders that provide excellent guidance and advice to budding data science students on how to succeed in the field.
I learned what Data Science is and what a data scientist does, how and what for. I have learned the main concepts and definitions of Data Mining, Hadoop, Regression, Deloitte reporting and applications.
It's an amazing course. You get to hear the different views of various data scientists. Also, it has questions in the middle of the videos to test if you really understood what the video was all about.
This course gives a very detailed introduction to Data Science. The interviews of actual people working as data scientists helped a lot in understanding what being a data scientist actually feels like.
I learned  basic introduction about  the data science and data scientist, the various things data scientist will do with respect the data and the way of analyze the data in the different partsThank you
Iam really glad iam part of coursera because I do not have any experience related with data science but now I got the knowledge onBasics of data science..it really helps to continue my further course..
This course is understandable, well explained and very useful for put you on the right way for getting a general understanding why is data science is such important in almost every industries nowadays.
Excellent introduction, only complaint is that one of the questions in the final assignment was inaccurate and I could find no way to contact the educator short of giving the answer away in the forums.
It was a great experience for me. I was completely new to this concept. But the way this course went through, I gained a lot of knowledge regarding data science and data scientists. Thank you very much
very useful. i liked and enjoyed the journey of learning in these five weeks. the instructor is very clear and taught very interestingly. Thanks to her. she looked poised and cheerful and professional
Very good introductory course for defining data science and what a data scientist does. Would recommend for anyone pursuing a career in data science or a company looking to build a data science team.
The course provides interviews of data science professionals. And I personally liked both the profs who comes in the tutorial.  Overall, I enjoyed this course and putting baby steps towards DS field.
Considering it is an introductory course to data science, I have to say it is very rich, containing great explanaition about this "new" science and how it can be useful and understood by most people.
Good introductory course for setting a basis for knowledge of data science and data scientists for someone who may be a novice and seeking to learn more.Good quality in terms of presentation as well.
The course was really help full in understanding what is Data science . It also educates you about what data scientists do and who can and how  can you become one. It was really ia good experience .
nice course for start the carrer in field of data science, every thing is properly explained bt good persons and animation which really help a student a lot ,Thanks IBM for providing me such content
As a brazilian student, I find it astouding to learn new things in the way this course has presented me. I'm 38 years old and it feels like I'm having proper education for the first time in my life.
Great course by combining a lot of different aspects from both academic and business world. Relevant resources and quizzes makes you feel like you are in a real class and consuming valuable content.
It is a great course! If you are a data science enthusiasts then this course would be very helpful to learn about the opportunities out there and what data science has to offer you. Happy learning:)
It was a great introduction to Data Science , what I liked the most was the definition of Data scientist , and the section related to Final Outcome/Report structure.A very enlightening course indeed
the knowledge i gained in this course is organic and i didn't felt no pressure at all like campus courses. And the way of conveying the knowledge is what i needed. i am happy to be part of coursera.
A highly simple, yet still immersive and detailed, course for Data science. Sure, this one only provides the very basic and foundation part, but everything must start from somewhere like that, yes?
Great intro to data science course, the knowledge checks during the videos, quizzes, and final written assessment are really helpful to make sure we are understanding and learning the content well.
The was an awesome introduction to data science! There were a lot of small insights that help me get in the mindset of a thoughtful individual let alone data scientist. I really enjoyed this class!
This introductory course on Data science and data scientists is perfect. It describes from start to end with examples. I found detailed explanation on report structure the best part of this course.
As I had no background in Data Science, the course allowed me to understand the basics in a very easy way, as well as give me some good information about how to follow a career as a Data Scientist.
the best way to understanding what is data science , why data science is importance , how to become a good data scientist and many others that you can understand the whole concepts of data science
For those interest in Data science, I think this course gives you a great insight into what this field of work would entail. Thanks to this course I am more aware of which direction I have to aim.
This is a very constructive course that takes you across Data Science and its different components, it helps you understand the converge of Data Science with other fields in a very methodical way.
Its a very basic course on Data Science. It is for someone who is just getting started with data science. It will give an over all picture of what data science is all about and how to go about it.
This is a course very friendly for novices or beginners, who are interested in this topic, mainly people with no experience work in statistics. Give a wide view about state of art of Data Science.
Best course to start your data science journey with. Basics are explained nicely, even for a first timer like me who had no idea in programming learned everything thoroughly. All in all 5 stars!!
This was very helpful in giving insights about what data scientists do and how the data science has grown over the years. Highly recommended for people who want to pursue a career in data science
I loved the videos and the readings, very interesting and useful.  The explanations towards data science were detailed and learners can think and take it forward as per the individuals interests.
This course will explain you with examples the perfect meaning of the all the stuff that you need to know if you are planning to pursue a career in the field of Data Science. I really liked it!!!
begun with this course with introductions to Data Science and what data Scientist should do or be curious about when working with large sets of data.Being a beginner,hoping to work hard moving on
Great definition of an area of study that is still emerging, but a rising star, already.  I was very impressed with the interviews, lectures, and papers given for reference.  Definitely a winner!
This course was awesome and I liked the approach IBM followed to access the students based on their understanding of the contents of the course. Here,I am introduced to the world of Data Science.
Great opener course!  I learned a lot about what Data Science actually is and possible career paths.  I'm excited about the future classes and can't wait to find a position in this type of field.
This course provided in depth overview of Data Science and and opportunity for me to learn more about this fast growing industry and gauge whether it's a good fit for my career goals and skills.
This course helped me to understand what the data science is. Now I realise which skills I have to acquire to become a high-class Data Scientist aside from the main which are the most important.
Great materials (videos, readings, and quizzes). This gave me the correct answers of why I should continue this path for my professional career. I'm really excited to finish the complete course.
Awesome course, before i take this course i have no idea about what is data science? what is it? and now i learn more about data. Thank you for ibm and special thanks for financial aid coursera.
This module will provide deep knowledge of what is data science, machine learning, deep learning, role of data scientist, key skills required, career option, usage R, Phyton, predictive analysis
This Course gave me an insight to data science, its implications and how to tell a good Narrative with Data.This course as actually made me decide what i want to pursue my M.Sc in. DATA SCIENCE!
Really great course designed by IBM and Coursera. specially i thanks to coursera for giving us great platform of learning. Again i thank u coursera for giving me financial aid. I love coursera.
This Course is Excellent for me Of Brief introduction of what is data science and where can use data science , and how to solve the world problem using data science and Artificial intelligence.
This is the perfect introductory section I have ever seen in any course. The reason I have given 5 star rating is the course structure, features like reading material, quizzes and peer reviews.
One of the best course I have done on coursera . I will recommend learners who are curious about of Data science .This course will give overview about Data Science to right path. All the best!
Entry-level introduction into Data Science. Great for people that are new to the topic. Listening to the videos by for example Murtaza Haider is really inspiring to get deep into this subject.
Its a great course for those who want to know about Data Science in detail. The contents are systematically designed for accelerated & effective learning and assignments are also very helpful.
Great course! Easy consuming and understanding of information. I got an enjoyment completing this course and I gladly will continue all the courses of Data Science Professional specialization.
Im impressed of the way of presentation of information and knowledge: structured, fresh, interesting and easy for understanding. Great opportunity to begin education in a new field. Thank you!
I found this module very engaging and exciting to get through. It really does a great job explaining what data science is, what career paths you can take, and what you might expect on the job.
well i got the knowledge of data science and its applications .cases where i can put up my skill of data science and how can i help for any company's growth if i'm  a data scientist! thankyou.
This course really gives a proper insight as to what data science is, how is it beneficial, what future we have if we choose this as a profession, what recruiters expect from a data scientist.
That really interesting course, interesting people, who like therir works, talking about their passions, simply and interesting quizzes for beginners. And I like that final exam! Good job! )))
It is the perfect step to start the journey as data scientist. All the data science terms and process are explained in simple way. Thanks coursera and all the instructor to taught this course.
This course will provide you a full view of multi aspect of Data Science. Good for someone who are about to start or currently interested in Data Science. No technical knowledge required yet.
I like it. I was searching for the comprehensive answer: "What is Data Science?". And found it. Moreover I learned the difference between Data Science; Machine Learning; Deep Learning and AI.
This course is well-curated and definitive.  It provides an excellent platform to build on by ensuring that underlying definitions are presented accurately and in an easily digestible format.
in this course i learn about what is really data science and what is the use of data science in real world. in this course also cover the topic what was the require of the skills as beginner.
It's is a great introductory course in the field of Data Science. In my opinion, it is better than any introductory course you can find whether is university course or a private organisation.
Basic understanding of what data science is, what a data scientist do and what soft and hard skills a data scientist need. Very helpful for people with no prior understandings of data science
What a great introduction to this interesting field. I loved the explanations and how open minded they are. I think the structure of the topics can be improved a little but it is good anyway.
I found this course really useful in getting to know the basics of Data Science. Moreover, it helped me understanding what type of traits is required to be a effective data evangelist. Thanks
Excellent course to begin with Data Science. I have fully completed the course and earned the certificate. I have received the financial assistance to get the certificate. Thank you Coursera.
This course is good for someone who knows little about data science to get prepared before digging deeper into this filed. While if you've already prepared yourself, maybe you can skip this.
The course introduces Data Science in a very practical manner and can be understood by absolute beginners. The modules are crafted very well and this course is a perfect start for beginners.
An excellent Introduction to the field of Data Science by students and emeritus faculties in the field which provide insight so that you are curious and more interested to explore the field.
It was a very good course aimed at someone who does not know about data science. Course was very well structured with interviews and inclusion of perspectives from different kinds of people.
The course was a helpful introduction to the field of data science. It does a great job of motivating the students to tackle some of the tougher concepts associated with this exciting field!
It has been always a great time gaining a new skill but I would like to thank you @ibm and both instructors for their great job. I learn basic things which surely help me boost my confident
Conversations make the course very engaging. These were the best introductory definitions and examples I've heard regarding data science and associated terms. A must-do introductory course.
Good introduction to Data Science, not too difficult  not too easy.  I am surprised by the quality of the content. It is pretty good compares to another online course I completed elsewhere.
The course is very simple and assists in developing a foundational understanding of data science. Additionally, the content provided is concise and to the point for gaining basic knowledge.
This is the best online course I have taken so far in my online learning journey. It is elegantly sequenced, chunked into easily learnable sections, and the expectations are clearly stated.
This course gave me directions in data science. I now understand what skills i have with me for data science and what else i need to focus on. I think all the people behind this initiative.
Great overview of Data Science, its definition, impact, and opportunity to improve our lives in the future. I will definitely finish the next set of courses and go in-depth of Data Science.
Data science is explained from different backgrounds by different people, and it is not difficult to understand, and it is because of the people sharing their experiences about data science
I am very happy to learn from this site. Clearly each and everything about Data Science was explained in detail with examples which made easier to know all the concepts in detail.Thank you.
The ideas were clearly presented, beginning from very general ideas, and gradually into the core of what the course is meant to offer. The interviews used were very relevant to the topics.
I must say that I learned a lot in this course. This is the first course that I have taken in which I did not solve a statistics or programming problem, and yet I learn so much.Great job!!
Very clear and thorough introductions and explanations about what is data science by experts and professors! Reading materials, quizzes and assignments are very reasonable and informative.
I highly recommend this course to someone who is totally new to the Data Science community and want to gain some theoretical knowledge before actually getting deep in it. Happy Learning!!!
Great introductory content on Data Science.  You will not learn any skills during this course but if you are  beginner and are looking for general information, this is good place to start.
The Course gives a holistic introduction to Data Science and what to expect going further into the other courses of this specialization. I enjoyed the classes which were easy to understand
This is excellent course, Help me to understand fundamental of Data Science. I would recommend this course to everyone who want to peruse their career in Data Science or machine Learning.
This course helps me in getting insghts of Data science, the role of data scientist , sets of skills required for it . One will have a great career those who passionate about data science
This was a good introduction into Data Science. It was well sequenced and thorough. The speakers were leaders in the field of data science and I really enjoyed learning from each of them.
Opting for this course is a must in order to gear up one's career in data science. It provides the essential knowledge of data science & fields which could be explored using data science.
this course give me some basics that i can depend on to continue in the next courses and give me opportunity to listen to some opininos of important skillful instructors in big data field
A great way to get a coherent overview of Data Science. Since the field lacks standardization, this is a great resource for those interested in what it offers and breaking into the field.
This is what I was looking for. Before starting you should have an idea about how, why, when, what, where needs to be known. This course is helping me to understand every minute details.
This is an excellent course to start with knowing what Data Science actually mean. I loved the teaching methodology of this course. Dr. Haider has an exceptional way of describing cases.
Coursera is a very good platform to learn new things and technology. All the lessons and courses are well managed balanced. I'll do prefer Coursera in the future for learning new things.
This course helped me to have an insight of what I could do after my Highschool. I have been passionate about computer science. Now I know that data science would be the best fit for me.
It gives crystal clear idea about "what data  science is?". I would recommend this course specially to those who are beginner in data science and want to be the data scientist in future.
This course is well structured for new learners in data science field. I love the concept of short quiz right after and some time in between the videos to keep you focused and attentive.
A complete introduction about data science, scientist, career, future opportunities, and even through tools and business side ( how to construct a data report ) Nice course for beginners
I really enjoyed learning about data science. This course gives me another avenue I can travel in this thing called life. Looking forward to taking more courses and learning new things.
This course does give good introductory insights as to what data science has evolved and how the role of the data professional has become one of the most sought after. Very informative.
Very good,detailed course, getting very clear theoretical and practical examples on data science. After finishing this course I have  good vision of data science, and how complex it is.
I Love this Course. It will improved my job greatly especially, my monthly staff returns and ICT facilities returns. It is interesting and applicable in any field or Area of discipline.
very good intro.The faculty have done an excellent job in introducing the course and also giving the right perspectives and definition of data scientist and data science in a simple way
It was a great course and I highly recommend it. It gives a great idea about the fast growing field of Data Science. Thanku Coursera and thanku IBM for providing such great opportunity.
I've enjoyed it throughout the course, learned what Data science is, how Data scientist works with Data and share their findings through storytelling. The first steps towards Big Data.
It is a great introductory course. It opened my mind and spirit to the possibilities of data science and it excited me to pursue a career as data scientist in the public health domain.
It is an all round presentation of what a Data Scientist does and the personal and technical skills he/she needs to excel. It is all presented in a structured and clear way. Thank you.
In my opinion this course provides a good introduction to Data Science. It is suitable for non-experts, thanks to interesting videos and readings. I found it stimulating and well done.
itData scientists help companies interpret and manage data and solve complex problems using expertise in a variety of data niches. They generally have a foundation in computer science,
Simple and informative. Quick to learn videos and explanations makes a great start in understanding basic overview of data science those with non-programming background such as myself.
i would like to say thanks to all faculties who taught me. it was really great journey. i learnt  a lot from here. and at last i would like to tanks IBM for giving me this opportunity.
This was a great introduction to data science and what data science is. As someone who was slightly intimidated by taking on the subject, I found it to be a fun and informative course.
it was just awsome learning data science from the course platform. it has really been a great opportunity to have the great learning with the best faculties in the course era platform.
I loved this course! When I started I had what Data Science was, but now I have a detailed idea. It is more than what I expected.I definitely recommend this to beginners and everyone.
An Awsome course for those who want to get into data science.It gives proper motivation about pursuing a career in data science.It also gives what it takes to be a good data scientist
I can say you're doing what it is called the best as offer this course freely. And so now it opens the door for those who can't afford to pay the required amount. Thank you in advance
Easy to understand with examples and testimonials from those in the field of Data Science. A once complicated and foreign subject has become much more clear to me through this course.
A very easy to fall introduction to data science. I particularly like that it is presented from the point of view of people who are already active in the field in diverse backgrounds.
Excellent! I can clearly say I have understood what is Data Science and gave my first step on deepen my knowledge.Videos were greatly structure, the whole course was properly mounted.
If you are someone who has some domain knowledge and what to clear your confusion about data science I highly recommend this course. You'll get a sense from different field of people.
This course showed me the many possible paths in Data Science in an amazing, comprehensible and understandable way. I am very grateful of the opportunity Coursera and IBM granted me.
This course makes me think about Data Science in another perspective and make me think that probably Data Science is an area that I really like and what I would like to do career in.
a very good course with good intro that make me have passion to complete all the course related ,and the well organized content help me to get full information with acceptable effort
The course is well structured, it gives a smooth layout into understanding the concept of Data Science in a holistic view. A job well done by the instructors in preparing the course.
Very good introduction to the basics of data science. The essential question "Why Data Science" needs to be pursued is answered in this module. Very informative and I liked it a lot.
A great introduction to what Data Science is and how it relates to other topics. It's a very good start for those who love data and their insights, but don't know how to get into it.
It is an excellent course for those who want to enter the world of Data Science, the videos explain in detail each term related to the theme of the course. I liked it a lot, thanks.
Very basic course, to be honest.  The grading seemed to be dependent on 
memorizing exact quotes from videos.  Looking forward to some of the 
more advanced courses in this series.
This is a extremely great course which will keep you involved every seconds of video there is something new. If one truly wants to learn , it's Q&A between the lectures stands out.
A very nice and spot on introduction. I would add a further week introducing some of the recommendable software and tools in general. Generally it really got me hooked on the topic
Just the course you need to begin with data science and the materials provided throughout is just amazing.Practical examples discussed throughout help alot in understanding topics.
Data science is an inter-disciplinary field that uses scientific methods, processes, algorithms and systems to extract knowledge and insights from structured and unstructured data.
This course is really amazing. This helps you to know about the need for Data Scientists, what they do and what are the fields they work in and also how to prepare a proper report.
Very good starting point. Like it. Especially the reporting part is omitted almost all of the other courses. However, this course gave me a structure about that. I am very pleased.
I would recommend this course to anyone who would like a well rounded intro into what data science is and what data science does. On complaint is the peer review process is flawed.
This gave a really good insight into the subject. It helped me understand the whole subject and what expectations I should have to train for and start my career as a Data Scientist
the best course for the ones who are interested in generating interest in the field of data science. This course ticks all the right boxes on how an introductory course should be.
I have a great time of exploring new knowledge and thank you for provide a very good high quality of videos.Contributions: please check the captions of some videos were not match!
This course gives an consolidated idea about what is Data Science. This will prepare you for the further courses which I am going to dive in soon. Hope those will be exciting too.
An exceptionally well laid course. Introduced me to the key basics of data science, allowing me to choose and decide my path that I need to follow to become a good data scientist.
I always wanted to know about the data science, this course provides all the general information which one needs to know exactly what data science is. Thank you, loved it overall.
I learned from coursera about python for data science, but I don't understand a data science, so this course explain about meaning of data science, that made me love it. Thank you
It was very insightful and informative. I learned about all the applications of data science in numerous industries and the significant role it's going to play in the our future.
I have learned exactly "What is Data Science?". That was a wonderful course. Story-telling and structure of the course were perfect for me. I felt that I'm gonna do that! Thanks!
It is a well-paced introduction to data science that I feel is very important for people to get to know before they get their hands dirty on learning the technological specifics.
It gives a good high level understanding of what data science is all about and who can be a data scientist. It also introduce you with various tools available around data science
Very good course, it gives me an idea about what data science is, who uses it and how to use it. It also combines videos and reading materials to present a detailed explanation.
Everything is taught from basics, which makes this course very accessible very helpful and easy to learn. The quiz and programming assignments are well designed and very useful.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course, including the contents and layout structure.  Will recommend for anyone considering the data science field to gain some insightful information!
It completely give the knowledge for the data science in a very easy layman language and the quiz method is also very good. As the quiz are basically from the pdf for the topic.
The lectures and reading materials are very relevant. I enjoyed the pace and the quality of the content. Overall it's a good introduction. I can't wait to continue the next one.
This course opened my eyes and cleared the common misconceptions behind the hype and glam of Data Science and I have a more realistic understanding on how to approach this field
Both the course content and the teachers who explained the subjects were very good. People who are interested in this field and want to learn more should start without thinking.
This course is pretty good to give the complete overview and some fundamentals of data science .This course increase my curiousity to learn more in this journey of data science.
Very very fundamental. For those who hates calculation, chunk of data, and statistics/math, this course is an easy beginning class to introduce you to the world of data science.
Great overview.  I love the emphasis on story telling.  This is a vital skill to have to be able to get others to understand the data science technical portions of your project.
Great intro and perspectives from experts and students in the field. Was helpful for me who has been managing big data architecture, but wants to learn more about the use cases.
The course gently introduces students to the concept of Data Science. The course text is not super technical so it does not drive away students who are fairly new to this topic.
This course gave me complete insight of what is Data Science , how you can identify in real life and how it can be used to help organisations in making better future decisions.
It's a amazing experience while taking the Data Science course. The ways the quizzes and videos made it complete learning package. Now I can say that I know about Data Science.
Data science is an inter -disciplinary field that uses scientific methods,processes, algorithm s system to exact knowledge and insights from many structural and instructed data
This is the first time I'm completing an "actual" course online. I enjoyed every bit of it and can't wait to complete the specialization. Kudos to Coursera and the lecturers!!!
Very good Explanation of What is data Science and covers the fundamentals of data science. I recommend this course to beginners and to those who want to develop the definition.
This is a short and sweet introduction to data science and data scientist. Setting expectations is very important to new learners and this course has done it neatly. Thank you!
Very Grateful for this experience, and appreciate that COURSERA grant access to the population of humans who want to grow and expand our abilities to contribute the collective.
Found it great to situate the student in the scope of Data Science. Covers clearly the definition, scope, and expected objectives or deliverables expected from a Data Scientist
This course is a light introduction to Data Science in which concepts are easy to understand. So for beginners who have no idea about Data Science, this course is a good start.
This course provided a solid foundation in the field of data science. I, been from a finance background, found this highly useful. Course content in entertaining and practical.
even though i have electrical engineering background i was little hesitant to enroll in this course but after completing this course i feel confident about data science course
It is a very good designed course for all the students and working people who are getting to learn basic data science terms and have an overview of it works and can be useful.
This was a great introduction to data science and to set the due expectations that would find your way down the track on the rest of the courses related to data science track!
Explained the basics of data science, I was confused before about the concept, the uses, but now I am more convinced and very clear about it, thanks to IBMKudos to the tutors.
An exciting approach that stimulates the students involved to engage further in the Data Science field of study. I am thankful to have had the opportunity to take this course.
Brief right to the point. it answers the question "What is Data Science". clearly the Professors in the videos are  knowledgeable experts. Thanks you for this valuable course!
I definitely enjoyed this course. It was a great introduction to Data Science and helped me understand the possibilities available for someone interested in this career field.
Great course, great material and inspirational way to teach however, I 
have one question that where are the instructions whom pictures were 
shown in the course info section.
Nice and understandable introduction to the subject matter. What was really scaring a while ago, now seems to be appealing and manageable.  Thank you very much for the course!
It was very helpful and interesting course .I learned a lot from it .Being a beginner i got to know a lot of thing .I think it was a good choice of mine to select this course.
It’s a very good overview of Data Science, how it’s evolved and the wide array of roles data scientists and this discipline play in companies across a range of industry types.
It's a good for individuals who are willing to start data science as a career , this course will provide them with some knowledge of this and helps to create a base for them.
This is a very good course for beginners who want to know about the basics of Data Science and this will give you an idea if you wanna pursue your career as a Data Scientist.
Really interesting insight of what it takes to be a data scientist. It gives you a really good clue of what tools you could be searching and training yourself into right now.
Enjoyed that there was an overview of the importance of data science and what courses will cover in the future before coding and math skills are tested.  A good introduction.
A great course to understand what is data science and what do data scientists do at a very high level. This will enable you to tell another person about what is Data science.
I think this is the best introduction one can give about data science.Course covers the origin of data science .Also ,the concepts are explained by giving practical examples.
It's been really helpful for me as a beginner to know what data science is and the applications of data science and also what skills a data scientist requires and a lot more.
The learning methods used in this course are just magnificent. The fact that you get lectures from people who are already actually there doing what you're learning is great.
Excellent introduction to data Science , provides much important insights into foundations of Data Science. My only complain is that the quizzes were very simple and short .
The basics have been cleared. It is all explained very lucidly with loads of pratical examples that are easy to understand.Also, a baseline is now prepared to build on this.
This Course is very helpful for the  beginners. And as a beginner I'm getting more curious to know what next? Hoping this course will lead me for great opportunities!Thanks!
a blend of mathematics, business acumen, tools, algorithms and machine learning techniques, all of which help us in finding out the hidden insights or patterns from raw data
A very good overview of what data science is. You'd think there is too many supplementary information but I don't feel that is was unimportant. Gives a good general summary.
A detailed and intersecting overview about data science, its scope and future aspects. A really eye opening introduction which succeeds to stipulate interest in the subject.
I recommend this course to an absolute beginner in the Data Science field. The course contents justify the course name and give very clear answers to 'What is Data Science?'
I found this course really interesting, providing variety of views about a specific term and and its relevancy in industries provides great understanding about Data Science.
Data science is a new science was born from short times of four or five years, where you can benefit of the data to know the correct directions in the business and the life.
Nice introduction to the ideas and theories in Data Science. Shows you what to expect in your Data Science career and sets you up nicely for the rest of this specialization.
Awesome Coursera to take. Helped me a lot to know somehow industrial knowledge and how they use data science to solve problems through data science. Once again Thanks a lot.
This was an amazing introduction to a lucrative concept, which would have been difficult to understand if not for the simplicity with which this subject has been approached.
The course leaves you with a very clear understanding what data science is and what exactly data scientists can do. It will definitely helps to understand where to go next.
I really liked the course content. It is very nicely designed. I strongly recommend everyone to take this course, who wants to make a career in the field of Data Scientist.
I really loved this course actually I got so many information and so many point of view about data science  from different data scientists. Looking forward to next courses.
This course gave a very precise and easy understanding of data science, it's applications and the opportunities available. The reading material offered was very insightful.
I highly recommend this course, for a "newcomer" in Data Science, it really helped me to clear caveats in the topic and  build a foundation to advance in the Certification
The course is very well organized, and delivered in a very professional way. I would really recommend this course for people seeking some basic knowledge for Data Science.
Really helpful. By learning this course, I know about Data Science, AI, Machine Learning, Deep Learning... in a systematic way. Thank you IBM and Coursera for this course.
I being a toddler in Data Science , after taking this course, I can find a path to get into Data Science. Many thanks to all the Professors and Student for their guidance.
Thank you very much for giving me this opportunity, you are doing an excellent work here, this is my best experience in E-learning so far, much appreciated for everything.
Wonderful course. Brilliantly explained. The best part is the real life examples that have been shown. A must try for anyone dreaming of pursuing a career in data science.
Good, although rather short course. Would love to get more practical information about Data Science - hope to get in the follow-up courses from this specialization by IBM.
I was aware of data science term but after completing this course now i can confidently say that I  know about the data science and what does a job of data scientist is .
This course is ideal for people who are interested to know about data science. This course has given me an insight into the world of data science. Very clear explanation.
Great Course for the people starting their journey in the world of data science. The concepts were subtly and beautifully introduced and explained clearly and explicitly.
It had a good introductory part about data science and stuffs related to it. It felt awesome to relate self with the environment that is being held among Data Scientists.
Very good course!This is an interesting and useful introduction to data science. The materials provided help to understand the subject. I really liked taking this course.
It is good to go through some basic idea of data science. I used to think it is big data, but after this course, I know it is not data-size, methodology or tools limited.
Really good introduction to data science, even for a beginner like myself the concepts were explained properly, loved the real world examples that was used in the videos.
Clear and concise, this course introduces you the basic concepts at a decent pace. the tests are engaging but the content enable you to get full marks if you listen well.
Very good and articulate introduction to data science. Professor Haider is simply marvellous. I have had no simple way to understand regression via his taxi-ride example.
As an introductory, the course is really a masterpiece. It serves the student with great motivation as well as basic understanding what ML,AI, Cloud and Data Science is.
A very good course with a very good presentation and explanations! I thank IBM Developer Skills Network and Coursera for making such an wonderful course available to us!
A great introduction to the world of Data Science. This course covers many different questions one may have and helps create a general idea of what Data Science entails.
An excellent introduction to a field in which I have a sincere interest.  I am looking forward to starting the next course in the IBM Data Science certification program.
The most important element of this course is share the ideas and perceptions of people enrolled in data science world. It's a new but amazing new fied of work and study!
Data science is the study of data by data scientist. and using various applications to like sql, python and other tools to manipulate it from unstructured to structured.
This course starts right from where it should, I mean it gives a great introduction to the field along with great direction to a person who wants to be a Data Scientist.
I really appreciate the IBM Professors skills and knowledge  by referenceing with Coursera, it is one of the best plateform to get professional certificates and degrees
It is a very good introductory course to understand Data Science and the characteristics of a Data Scientist. Highly recommended to take the entire Certificate package.
Very nice and easy course. It will help you a lot to understand the data concept, to understand what is data science and how we apply this science to our daily routine.
This course is very explanatory and it achieved it goals. the language is very easy to understand. i will recommend it for anybody that wants to know about data science
This course helps you in understanding what really data science is and what are the necessary fundamental approaches every data scientist must adopt for better results.
Gets the fundamentals right. It is easily finishable in the free subscription period so that is perfect just in case you weren't sure this was the right course for you.
Very apt definitions and explanations with regards to Data Science and Data Scientist. An excellent introduction to the vast field of data analytics. Enjoyed the course
Very good first step to get involved with data science. This course will make you understand more about hyped terms like big data, data science, machine learning,  etc.
This was a great introductory course. The teachers are obviously leaders in the field and provided really insightful examples from their teaching and work experiences.
the course explain every term as an introductory level, which is suitable for me. I am very new and sometime the concept of data science is a bit tricky to understand.
Great introduction to the study of data science. I gained a great overview and am looking forward to learning how to implement the practical applications of the field.
This course is tailor suited for those who are very new to this field. Not to worry Sir'Murtaza Haider' will definitely clear your doubts through the course materials!
It was clear and interesting, it helped me to clear up the background and the definitions about what data-science is. I loved the style and the delivery of the course.
This is an amazing and interactive course which introduced and helped me understand the nuances of Data science and encouraged me to improve my skills in this regard.
It's very simple and very descriptive, honestly one of the best courses I have ever cam across. Special thanks for the instructors and for IBM for making this course.
This course is best for beginners. It brings my attention towards Data Science. It gives me the right definition of Data Science.I suggest everyone to do this course.
When i join my perception of data science is different mean not it may be but during course i learned so many things about data, majorly data importance and its scope
This course helps me to understand the insights of data science. videos and reading material is good enough to grab the things properly. I like this course very much.
I was happy to listen to voices of various data scientists all over the world. In addition, passionate and generous, and also motivated instructors were gifts for me.
A great introduction to data science. Not a single line of code or equation, all here is about understanding what data science is about and what do data scientist do.
Very informative course for everyone who wants to start a data science career. I always enjoy listening to the opinions of high-class professionals in specific field.
This course is an excellent introduction who has just set foot in data science.From Hadoop to data mining each aspect of data science are touched upon in this course.
This is really excellent course. That gives me the overview about the data science. It helps me in understanding and estimate how much I need to effort in this field.
The material for this course is super accessible and simple to understand for those, like me, who aren't familiar with data science. I've really enjoyed this course!
NO ISSUE REGARDING THIS COURSE , IT'S A COMPLETE INTRODUCTION FOR ALL WHO WANT TO BE A PART OF DATA SCIENCE , 100 OUT OF 100 .THANK U SO MUCH COURSERA , THANKS A LOT
Exceptionally good videos and readings to understand the concept of data science. This is must do course for people who are entirely new to the field of data science
Very General knowledge on the fundamentals of data science. It's basically a good basis to start with and please expect not practical work in this course. Good luck!
Hello, It is a beginner level course. For me, it was the first course on Coursera.  My intention was to know the exam pattern. It was amazing.    Thank you, Coursera
Nicely crafted course for beginners who want to start their career in data science and become familiar with basic concepts and how to build a career in data science.
This is a really good introductory course on data science. Anyone wanting to pursue a career in data science and needs a head start should definitely do this course.
If there will be other course recommendations at the end of the course for improving skills on the field, I would be glad but still, it was a good experience for me.
It is very enriching to be able to listen to professionals with such experience in the world of Data Science. The content of the chapter seems very clarifying to me.
This course given me a lot of knowledge about data science. It is very helpful course, through the course i learn new things and learn how work is going in the world
Very insightful! However I hoped that they would recommend coursera topics we can take upon finishing the course to further solidify our foundations in data science
This segment of the course is excellent in its materials. Authors, Videos and materials really matters a lot. The teaching plans and procedures also very effective.
A simple and fundamental course relevant to any discipline of science, arts, medicine and engineering. This should be included as first course  as Data Science 100.
I really really love the contents inside this curriculum- what I feel after completing this course,  littlea bit closer to my future job landing....................
Excellent introduction to data science and it's basics. It helps people with little to no background in data science truly understand what is the subject all about.
Great well paced course with interesting information and excelent delivery to the audience , nice review tests and not boring at all for a bigginer in data science.
Very clear and well presented tutorials providing simple and living testimonials about "what is data science?", where it comes from and what it is about. Excellent.
Excellent course! Congratulations to all involved, I feel much more familiar with the Data Science issue! And I see it as a great job opportunity growing every day.
Excellent course, the topics covered are totally relevant. I highly recommend this course to someone who is pursuing a career as a Data Scientist. Thanks coursera.
I have a clear understanding of Data Science and Data Scientist. The tools used to generate useful insights from data and the how final deliverables are presented.
This course is amazing! It provides a good sense of understanding what data science is and all complementary and additional information one needs to know before de
I have got an amazing experience through out this course , thanks for your financial aid because of that only I am able to complete that course , thank you so much
It was a great primer of what encompasses data science. The material helped clear up some misunderstandings and made it clear who is a data scientist what they do.
Nothing technical in this part of the certificate, but a good overall defining course to let someone know about data science and if they will be a good fit for it.
Very nice introductory course explaining the fundamentals of data science and its components including machine learning, neural networks, data mining and reporting
It really is a beginner's  friendly course. A good introduction for people interested in the field even for those with no experience with data science in any form.
Very good overall content of the material.  The instructor was very knowledgeable and provided a wealth of information about the Data Science, highly recommended.
The course was really good. It provided me a better insight into data science and its application. I was motivated during the whole course to learn more and more.
Amazing course with simple, yet, to the point curriculum. The teaching methodology facilitates a complete understanding of the subject matter. Highly recommended!
This was a very good starting of my learning and understand it very well: although I get failed quite a few times but only make me recover even better every time.
This course is really helpful in building knowledge base about data science  and getting to know important technologies and methods used in data science approach.
The content is simple and easy to finish. It acts as a starting point towards data science. Important to pay attention to everything that is a part of the course.
It was really an amazing experience for me and got a through insight of what is actually data science means. And I am looking forward to learn about it even more.
Data science is the field of exploring, manipulating & analytic to unreconstructed data. Data science is art of uncovering the insights and trends of hiding data.
It was an amazing experience to go through the introductory course on Data Science. The content is amazingly sequenced and they the best instructors in the world.
The course is very good enough for any layman to get introduced into the world of data science. The course is much comfortable for any novice to grab the inputs.
Is more a summary than a course, but is pretty interesting as an introduction to Data Science, both for people with some knowledge already or for those with none
This course provides good explanation about career in data science including what data science is, it's prospect and the requirement to be a good data scientist.
It gives a good introduction to Data Science with theory and concrete applications. The vidéos are very clear.However, the transcript of 2 vidéos is not correct.
It is a good course where we learn about data science and its application and how a data scientist does its stuff and presents them. good learning for beginners.
so thanks I suggest the review book become pdf text can be copied now it picture I can not copy any word . I need copy words for translate some of wordsso thanks
IT WAS AN AMAZING COURSE.IT REALLY GIVES YOU INSIGHTS ABOUT DATA SCIENCE AND ITS WIDE RANGE APPLICATIONS, FROM THE REAL DATA SCIENTISTS PRESENTING IN THAT FIELD.
This Course help me in understanding the concept of data science and how to become  a data scientist.this is the best course to start your career in Data Science
I learned a lot from this course, the teaching materials are great and well organized. Thank you so much guys for the time you spent preparing this great course.
Feels a little too elementary, but still enabled a good mindshift in thinking about what it means to be a data scientist, especially it's focus on story telling.
It was great. Maybe having a bit of common tools to be presented in this course would make it even better and have learners more excited about the next chapters.
This module give the complete perspective of Recruiter and Data Scientist which is very helpful to understand  and set  the  benchmark to become data scientist.
This course is very basic but required for everyone, working in field of data science. Very good explanation on each of the data science process and techniques.
This course is useful to make one aware of data science and its applications. Further, it is a step towards acquiring real knowledge to become a data scientist.
Course is well organized with interesting instructors/speakers, guided lessons, appropriate level of quizzes, and engaging content.  Well done IBM and Coursera!
It was totally a new subject for me, but the way this course taught me about the basics of data science was remarkable.Thanks a lot for such a beautiful course.
The course is very informative and provides a comprehensive overview of Data Science. It is very convincing and it has practically presented all the key points.
Its a very good introduction to Data Science course. One gets clear idea about data science, data scientists daily job, various industries where its being used.
Really beneficial for the beginners , especially who are new to this domain and haven't heard these words like Data science , ML , AI , Deep learning Python etc
really thoughtful explaination about what is data science and present from different aspects, which help beginners to build a clear idea on data science field.
It’s very useful to understand what is data science what are the use cases of data science and how the master thesis and final data science report should be ..
Awsome course I have ever learned online. I got so many things about data science that too in well detailed form and easy to learn. Thanks to IBM and Coursera.
Making a separate course on the course name itself shows the depth of teaching style in course specialization.Feeling good to be learning in coursera platform.
I am excited to go further with the learning. I have never come across with anyone so clear in thoughts like Prof Dr. Haider and Prof Dr. White.  THANK YOU ALL
Those who wants to know what data science really is,tools needed and how to become data scientist. These are the issues which are really dealt in this course .
Good course from IBM with Data university. Good content. Not much practical course but it is theoretical more. But the knowledge gain from this course is good.
If you have an interest in Data Science this is a really good first step to understand what Data Scientist do and what skills are needed to be a Data Scientist
Coursera is the best platform to learn any subject of your interest. I am looking forward to excel my knowledge by taking more courses related to data science.
The course have a overview of data science, who want to start career in data science must have knowledge about what is data science and what data scientist do.
Introduction is really good. When i started the course, i thought it will be boring but that was actually really fun to read interesting stuff. Really love it.
Being a student in the statistical learning field. This course gives a nice perspective into what a data scientist is... I'm absolutely thrilled to be enrolled
Outstanding course after completing you know all about data Science what to learn before starting data science specialization course will continue it further.
Excellent course. It clarifies what data science is and allows to distinguish the difference between statistician and data scientist (what is confused for me)
This course introduces everybody, who is interested in data science, to the world of data science. It is easy to understand and very helpful for new learners.
This course provides helpful insights into data science and relevant terminologies. I definitely suggest you complete it before going ahead with data science.
it was a excellent course which give you full theoretical understanding of what is data science and make your ready for practical application of the knowledge
It was a great course with good amount of interesting topics and I learned a lot. The best part is that it starts to get boring but i didn't feel that at all.
Very simple course. Not sure if it deserves to be a course. But actually yes. Because it really gives you a sense of Data Science. A good understanding of it.
I liked the course. It explains the concept and the field pf data science very concisely. I recommend everyone interested in data science to take this course.
This course is great if this is your first foray into data science. Helps you figure out whether or not you want to follow through with the rest of the course
Provided a very good academic and industrial perspective of Data Science and requirements of a Data Scientist. Great Work in making the course! Thanks a lot!
As someone who is new to data science, I found this course well organized, detailed and very easy to follow. I wish this course was available in high school!
This introductory course is great and gives you a nice understanding of data science. You must take this course before taking any other data science courses.
Starters: Great short course for someone that is in the first steps in the career or is very curios about the topic. Advanced: works to strengthen knowledge.
I just learned a lot about Data Science and I'm curious about learning more about it. This chapter gave me an excellent overview about Data Science.Thank You
I literately love this course. it provided us with basic idea about data science and encouraged student with different background to join data science world.
Want to know about Data Science?If YES!! .... Come Here..The Best course to get clear understanding of what data science is and what data scientist's do..!!
I learned definition of Data Science very well from different perspective. Now i am sure about what is data science and what is not? it was a fun to l earn.
It is not only introducing to the Data Science but gives brief introduction to machine learning ,deep learning and data mining.It is overall good in itself.
Theoretical and very detailed. For someone who has never heard of this field is gonna be fascinated by this video. Loved the series, now going for course 2.
In recent times,everyone is converging to data science.The course justifies its title in every possible way to properly describe data science to a beginner.
An awesome course. I like the way the course is taught from a practical perspective instead of the more traditional classroom setting. I highly recommend it
Solid introduction to background and current development of data science. Nicely interwoven with anecdotes from practitioners, educators, and text excerpts.
Good well rounded introduction to what data science is all about, would enable you to see if it might be something you're interested in learning more about.
Clearly articulates what Data Science is and what a Data Scientist does. The production quality is well done and assists the smooth absorption of knowledge.
This was a great introduction to Data Science.This was not the first time I am going through this videos  and reading but i did it again.Thank you for this.
This module may seem redundant. however, this introductory course gives a good overview of what is data science and what kind of filed you are getting into.
This is a very nice kick-off course to data science. Thanks to Murtaza Haider and Dr. Norman White for making the foundation an easy-to-understand session.
Great introduction in data science and analytics! Very well presented narrative with the right amount of graphical information to keep the learner engaged.
A detailed,  simple and comprehensive view of data science supported by research and industry Experts. I thoroughly enjoyed the introduction to the subject
Good introduction for a total beginner to get the big picture of what Data Science is. Although its a 3 weeks course, it can be done in 1 DAY (a few hours)
This is a very brief introductory course for the industry. Before this course, I had a vague notion but now I understand why Data scientists are paid well.
Great introductory course! Where I felt I had a good understanding of Data Science conceptually, this course articulated its meaning and purpose very well.
Thanks to the financial support of coursera for allowing me to access the beginning of the data science course. I want to continue learning on the platform
A concise and motivational introduction to the Data Science world, explaining by professors and students with extensive experience in different industries.
After completing this course I am finding me confident enough in understanding Data science and its scope in today's world. Please go and take this course.
For someone like me who has no prior knowledge of Data Science, this introductory course gives a really good, concise introduction to what is Data Science.
The instructors on this course are very knowledgeable in the field. I got a lot of insight from them. Thanks so much for this course. I really appreciate.
Yes, it is worth learning as it is developing technology and there is a huge necessity for Data Analyst and Data Scientist in the current mechanical world
Data Science is the study of large quantities of data, which can reveal insights that help organisations make strategic planning and make great decisions.
This is a well taught course and does not require any previous learning experience. It is easy to follow and the lessons are prepared to fit any schedule.
Great overview of Data Science for those interested to learn more or who may be considering this as a career path. Great advice from experts in the field.
Great intro to Data Science with a good overview and many options to get one thinking about what exactly Data Science is and what one can do in the field.
This course provided a very clear and relevant understanding of what data science is, what they do and what it will take to become a competent technician.
I loved the videos with Data Science professionals and academics sharing their experiences on the subject. It made the learning process very enjoyable !!!
I am impressed by the delivery of this course. very practical and engaging. Only if Universities  could teach like this, We will more interested students.
I think that it was a great orientation for people who don't know a lot about Data Science and would like to educate themselves on it as a career choice.
Very good professional information provided in this course, which helps student to understand what is data science and what Data Scientist do in company.
The most recommended, amazing course, very informative, well organized. This course very much helpful for those interested in data science as well as AI.
I've always been a curious person. Thanks for guiding me down the data science path. This course really affirmed my passion for data and problem solving!
I am unable to understand what is data science but now I can emerge others about what is data science only because of the contents covered in this course
Excellent introduction to data science as a whole. It gives a good idea of what is entailed in the work, and a few of the problems that are being solved.
The course was a great refresher. What I love most is the outline, the videos and reading material.The course material was made to be very comprehensive.
This course is very insightful and was excited throughout the lessons. I will recommend this course for anyone considering a career path in data science.
Good course for beginner like me as I started to know what is Python, R and so much more. Really appreciated it.  Thanks for all the support given to me.
It was very good experience to be part of the course.This course is very good to start with Data Science.Thanks Coursera for providing this course to us.
Excellent Introductory data science course in which individual exactly have the idea about data science and scientist and how it works Thanks Coursera :)
Very informative course, It offers a gentle introduction to machine learning. And IBM has provided tools worth thousands of dollars for free to learners.
Thank you Coursera. I learned a lot of knowledge here that I didn't have in school. I can learn even if I study in different fields. Learn to understand
This course gives very good introduction to Data Science. I would recommend this course to everyone who are interested to pursue career in Data Science.
It was Awesome course learn what is data science and data scientist do in their daily life what in a globe why data science is having more opportunity .
It was really a very good course that helped me find my footing in the field of data science and I really thank Coursera for giving me such opportunity.
I thank my instructors for being quite encouraging and innovative. I am grateful to Coursera for bringing a valued subject like this on online-platform.
This is very good course to understand what is Data Science,What and all industries of Data Science and what are the skills required for Data Scientist.
This course is designed in such a way the person who is new to Data Science can have a thorough introduction of it in simple and easy to understand way.
The course was very helpful for me to know what is Data science, it clarified a lot of things for me, thanks Coursera and thanks to all the instructors.
I like the interactive way of learning on Coursera. I feel confident with each section and answer based on the material provided. Keep up the good work.
Awesome course for the fundamental learners. You can learn how to work, on what to work and by which way you should forward your movement.  Recommended.
It's a introductory course about Data Science, the topics, research fields and business applications. Great for people who don't know anything about it.
The experts gave a lucid account of the fundamentals of data science, what it involves, why it is required and what it takes to become a data scientist.
This course is an exciting introduction to data science. It's fascinating listening the opinions of young students and professors about this profession.
In this module you learn the basics about data science, it shows you the importance and the skills that one as a data scientist should have. I loved it.
It's an very helpful to understand what is data science and what it's an application and how can they support in my business, Life and value of machine
Course is a good for someone unfamiliar with data science and does not currently have a technical programming, mathematical, or statistical background.
Hii  friends this course is very useful. And it is very understandable to everyone .Theyvare giving certificate too.So all of you don't miss the course
As someone who is new to the Data Science world, I find the course very informative and gives you a breakdown of a data in the life of a Data Scientist
I like this course, thank you for providing such a great course. As someone who do not have a background in data science, it is easy to learn from here
Excellent introduction to Data Science and all tools you need to marvel to become a Data Scientist. Thank you so much Coursera and IBM for this course.
I have been learning a lot the fundamentals, sometimes we want to run, but we can't walk, even neither crawl, this course is some basic, but very good.
The course gives a great insight about the area, no coding or any other information but only a complete overview from specialists. Really recommend it!
I would highly recommend this course since no knowledge is complete without an introduction and without knowing the object, purpose and history behind.
The world-class universities professor introduces you to the idea of data science, and the possibilities which are open to anyone entering this career.
It's a quite informative course to start with Data Science certification. Nicely designed course providing rich background information about the field.
Highly recommended for all who want to take first step in Data Science.  Thanks to all Instructors for compiling such a motivating learning experience.
I find the introductory course into Data Science very inviting and easy to progress leaving the applicant wanting for more and going for the next step.
Amazing. A beginner gets a chance to understand what actually data science is and what are some of the tools and technologies associated with this term
This course will really tell you about what Data Science is and it's uses in the world and why it is so important in many fields like business and IT.
There a lot kinds of online courses about Data Science. I tried some of them.  And finally I found the amazing one which is not boring while teaching.
teacher was very good and all the content was also very good thankyou coursera for providing me financial aid and provide me this course free of cost.
A very good start for people who know very little about data science. Explains in a holistic sense what data science is and what do data scientists do
It's a good course for the basic understanding of what "Data Science" is, it's requirements,applications, scope & what is "Data Scientist" capable of.
Really great introduction to Data Science. I found it motivating, and it has encouraged me to enroll on other courses in the professional certificate!
Very informational course about data science and what makes a data scientist. This is a good starter for those who are absolutely new to Data science.
I've never learned data science before and this fundamental course teaches me what is that. It explains in a very detailed way. I enjoyed learning it!
Good Introduction! I enjoyed the introduction of different people from the field and how they explained data science. It was done very professionally.
Great course to introduce people to data science, full of examples, different opinions and practical applicacations where data science can be applied
Having no background whatsoever in data science, this course effectively discussed data science in a way that kept me focused and interested. Thanks!
quality content and glad to listen talented data scientists and  the course is the purely gem for beginners who are interested in data science field.
Very Good Intro to Data Science. Knowing the experiences from the people who deal with data science in day to day life is very helpful for a student.
This course gives a very general overview of the field from experts. If you don't know what data science is, I would extremely recommend this course!
Amazing summary and grasp of what data science really is. Really put together all the elements quite briefly, and it's very focused and to the point.
A very interesting introduction to Data Science. Got me really excited. Looking forward to other courses in this Professional Certification journey.
It was a great time to learn some think new thinks which had unknown to me before.Now I understood the Importance and requirement of the Data scince
A very good course for the beginners--I highly recommend this course for those who want to have their first foot step in the realms of data science.
A very good course to introduce yourself to Data Science. This course uses very interesting videos and exercises to keep you focused on the lessons.
I enjoyed the course a lot. Its a simple start to the basics but videos and readings are engaging and keeps you interested. Thanks to the faculty !!
This course has given me the foundation I need to embark on my Data Science journey. Anyone getting started is encouraged to take this course first.
Was awesome going through this course. Was a bit challenging at the start, but exactly what I needed to get going into a career as a Data Scientist.
Excellent content; easy to understand even for beginners; the videos are very pertinent and helpful in overall understanding... very well designed !
what is the meaning of data science and a data scientist? 
The qualification of data scientists and how important data science in the 21st century.
Cursory explanation of data science and what a data scientist does. Excellent pilot course for anybody who is interested in taking up data science.
Sets the foundation for understanding what data science is and what data scientists do. Also has a great reference for how to structure any report.
I think its a great way.. it tells us what is data science and its each phenomenon. It tells what are the uses of data and what is needed for that.
Very Well Designed for beginners in this subject. Each section is carefully explained with examples and method employed to engage students is Good.
This is the first course I completed. I love this course because it introduces the concept clearly and my passion for data science is now activated
This is a perfect overview of understanding what is Data Science and Data Scientist. My Perception has completely changed after taking this course.
in the above tutorial, it has been clearly described the importance of data science. How it is playing a major role in IT sector.Pretty good video.
This course helped me a lot to built my foundation on Data Science Career. I hope i will become a Data Scientist one day from the Coursera coursers
Good starting point in the discussion material. Easy to follow. Fun backdrop of learning skills from real life students which have a story to tell.
It's a genuine course for all the beginners who want to have some knowledge base in latest trend of Data Science.Keep learning and Keep Exploring.
Exceptionally explained the concepts and coming from me (no computer background) is something, for I had a lot to learn and easily comprehensible.
Good for understanding the basics of Data Science. The professor from NYU and his life experiences were a great addition. Thanks IBM and coursera.
it is the best course for the beginners who want to go far in data science career and this will clear all your basic and make a strong foundation.
A great introduction to Data Science. Prior to the class, I knew little about the subject. Now I feel like I really know what this field is about.
Thanks a lot for the wonderful material designed! The first step always decides whether to go wit or not! This steps makes sure, learners go with!
The course was very informative and helpful to gain an overview of what data science is and different career opportunities related to this field !
The course provided clear videos to mainly discuss each topic. The speakers also described each area with expertise and I learned so much from it.
This course ha sgiven me a great foundation and reassurance that i am in the right field! i love to learn and im looking forward to the challenge!
Very good course, very interesting and didactic, it was explained in a good way for one who is a beginner and wants to start taking these courses.
The course is made in very simple language, anyone can learn from this course. The most amazing part of the course is Lab. Love you IBM & COURSERA
A very keen approach to learn what actually Data Science is. I would highly recommend this course to the beginners like me.Thank to team Coursera.
Perfect intro into how the course will work and what Data Science is really about.  So much beyond the topical conversation given in other forums.
It's a good course that gives you a practical insights about the data science and data scientists.Looking forward for other courses in this series
This is a good introductory course into Data Science. There is no technical practice, just an explanation of data science and all that it entails.
I learned what is Data Science and what is industries can apply it to their field.  It was a great introduction to know the uses of Data Science.
It was a nice experience with learning, the course content was so good, I enjoyed a and learned a lot, Thank you very much team Coursera and IBM.
Good course to start with the basics of data science. It motivates to deep dive to learn more and set the goal to achieve data science knowledge.
Great introductory course, it kept me on the hook. Readings and Videos as wells the participants are interesting, clear and make great analogies.
Good introduction to the course. Nice talk/lecture given by Dr. Murtaza.  Would be great if you could add other industry experts from IBM itself.
Good introduction to Data Science. Glad it talks about how it can/is being applied in the real world, to help people understand beyond the theory
Great course as an introduction of Data Science and what Data Scientist is all about. I am excited to study more in-depth courses going forward.
It was a basic introductory course which exactly does what the name says. I was able to understand the basics and the importance of Data Science
Amazing course , it has a complete insight to the world of data, and keeps the learner hooked in for the next lesson, great learning experience.
A great introduction to data science, especially for me it is a new field with a lot of new information.Thank you for making it more accessible.
Clear and concise materials, very good for motivating and understanding data science and its significant role in a part of transforming business
Exceptional insight into data science, the videos are very through and love the way they convey the message and ideas from different professors.
I really enjoyed the course! It was great to get a deep insight into what the data science is and to understand its importance in today's world.
Videos and information are communicated in an excellent manner. Reading materials and quizzes are more useful. Thanks for providing such course.
This is an amazing introduction to data science with curated explanations and views from high end professionals as well as young data scientists
Good introduction to Data Science. Provides clear definitions of Data Science and a brief background on the history of this emerging discipline.
Nothing technical to be learnt but very good insights which can really tell you exactly what to expect and normalize your interest in the field.
It's perfect course for first touch of Data science, for people who wants to know what actually is this subject about. Definitely for beginners.
Awesome content and structure. Very informative and interactive. Incredible learning platform. I recommend this to all aspiring data scientists.
This is a fantastic introductory course that gives a multifaceted sense of what's to come for aspiring data science students or data scientists.
I have learned lot about data science and what data scientists do. I would definitely recommend and take more courses in near future. Thank you
It's a nice introduction to the world of Data Science. Gives a great overview and what you need in order to pursue a career as a data scientist
A Great content driven course for those who are starting off with Data Science and aspire to be a Data Scientist......I really liked it myself.
The course is really helpful. Here the lectures and the assignments provided helped me to know more and made study more interesting. Thank you.
This is a basic introduction. There is no skill development, but it provides key context that (I presume) will be useful in subsequent courses.
The course offers excellent insights into Data Science. Its simple explanation enables a non-technical learner also to understand the concepts.
A perfect theoretical intro to Data Science alongside practical examples. Gives proper insights and what to expect in a career in Data Science.
This is all great 'frame of reference' and context material for getting into the profession. It was very helpful and I'm glad I spent the time.
Awesome introductory course to what Data Science is. Material was neat and the testimonies of those in field proved to be of utmost importance.
Well structured course materials, tests and assignmentsGreat lectures from highly experienced professors Empirical knowledge from practitioners
A good high-level overview of the roles and the responsibilities of a Data Scientist. The final report part is especially very well presented!!
Gives a very good high level understanding and perspective of Data Science even understandable to people from non technical background as well.
Great content, got a very brief understanding of what actually data science is. Looking forward to learning more amazing things in this course!
I love this course can learn on the go. I am learning while on lunch, bathroom breaks etc. this is real educational material. Glade I found it.
The great thing about Coursera is on demand study, flexible with study. You can learn anywhere, which is better than a rigid campus curriculum.
Insightful. Rich contents from highly qualified Data scientists, Professors and Experts. Absolutely enjoyed watching Dr. Norman White's videos.
This is one comprehensive introduction to Data Science. The expert resource speakers are passionate in sharing their knowledge on the subject.
This course is really awesome! Even thought English is not my native language but I still can understand the whole lesson. Thank you coursera!
it was easy to understand and nice to learn for beginners about data science and its application in various feilds ,How data drives the world.
I found the course easy to follow along, but not too rudimentary for my needs as a researcher looking to switch towards a data science career.
Loved the course. Very easy to understand language and extremely informative. It was very helpful to understand what data science actually is.
I was a great experience in learning new things and gaining knowledge. The videos and articles were so useful and well defined and structured.
Perfect course to get you in the right track of knowing what data science is and maybe even have an idea of the real world applications of it.
This is really helpful.The flexibilty of schedule is major aspect that made this program for  beginners.A good platform for knowledge seekers.
I love this platform and the ability to take the course at my own speed! I'm honestly happy to be challenging myself and I feel better for it!
This course is highly recommended to data enthusiasts who are seeking to learn the fundamentals of data science from the experience of others.
Great course that serves as an introduction for anyone new to the field. It emphasizes well on the terminologies and the data science process.
This is my first certified course and I am very happy to complete this course. Looking forward to complete the whole specialization very soon.
This course was really helpful. As a beginner it gives you complete idea about data science and shows you the path that leads to data science.
Excellent videos and lectures. You end the course with the perfect knowledge of what is Data Science and what is a Data Scientist. Recomended.
Terrific course!  Clearly defines and provides a good base for those who are interested in exploring more in depth the field of data science.
Very good introduction to the field of Data  Science. The course provided the overview I was looking for. The course exceeded my expectations
The course was a stress free learning environment. I was able to get a clear grasp of the information without it being overly time consuming.
Excellent introduction of the Data Science Concept, user friendly deployed for the new learner with not computational or big data background.
Is a great introduction to the Data Science World, and is very complete and fun course, and is a good way to understand this exciting carrer.
Good beginner course to get to learn the essence of data science. Also a good warm-up to the open source IBM data science platform and tools.
Simple introductory class explaining the basics of data science.  Not thuroughly challenging in itself, but useful as a part of a curriculum.
Nice course to get started with, it gives you a really good idea of what data science is all about and what tasks do data scientists perform.
This course is really helpful if you want to understand the world of Data Science, where did comes, what it is and if its fits to you or not.
Thanks a lot for this course! I find the content based on interviews very insightful and interactive. I also got very inspired by the content
Great introductory course to complete newcomer like myself. Just the right teaser for starting down this huge new field called Data Science.
well outlined and quality delivery. if anything, this intro class makes you more curious and interested in Data Science! Solid work Coursera
It is very excellent approach to start a  course.It gives a preliminary idea about data science field and its insight in various industries.
Thank you for giving me opportunity to complete the Data Science Course. The videos and  pdf material were very useful to cope up my skills.
This course does an amazing job in providing one with with the overview of what data scientists do and what skills are searched for in them.
Good course to know about what is data science. What data scientist do, what quality and qualifications they have. How to be data Scientist.
Very well put together course that explains what data science is, what a data scientist does and brushes on the many subsets of data science
It is good course nice to learn and knowledge about data science. it will help to grasp the concept about data analyst for my future career.
This course gives a broad introduction about the data science field and keeps the learner motivated by mixing the definitions and interviews
THIS IS VERY QUITE INTERSTING . FIRST TIME I HAVE ENCOUNTER INTO THIS DATA SCIENCE. IAM VERY CURIOUS ABOUT UPCOMING SUBJECT ON DATA SCIENCE.
I found the videos exciting. It kept my focus all the time, which is good for education. Above all, they are short, simple and too the point
This course is a very good point to start learn data science. Anyone even without any background in data science can also learn this course.
Clear introduction to data science. I appreciate the videos and short readings that made it manageable for me to learn about this new topic.
Well the course offers a very deep insights of the Data Science and it's fundamentals. Very well organized materials and easy to understand.
Its really helpful. I learned a lot. I think the people who want to become a good data scientist. They should has to join coursera platform.
Very well laid out, easy to follow instructions, course material as excellent and a very good introductory course to ease into data science.
Great introduction course that informs you about that data science is and gets you interested in pursuing and learning more about this field
I didn't think I needed an introduction, but the insights and perspective on the field were very useful. In fact, it was even inspirational.
An interesting, very good course. I recommend for those who are starting and for those who are already in the area of Data Sciences as well.
It is an excellent course to get to know first steps into Data Science, its potencial and possibilities beyond any professional background.
Very good introductory course for Data Science.The students who want to start their Data Science learning,this course is really benefitial.
Excellent way of teaching through a mix of storytelling and video lectures. I like the peer review and assignment at the end of the course.
This is an excelent introductory course to introduce the field of data science to those who are new and dont know anything about this field
Amazing course! Even though I know nothing about Data Science, I still learned a lot from this course. Thanks for this amazing opportunity!
All the videos are really perfect for a beginner. I actually understood that how this Data Science comes into picture of problem solutions.
A fabulous introduction into the world of data science! Very well organized class program that motivates the student to keep learning more!
It's a great course in order to  start in the data science world.I really recommend this course if you have curiosity in this amazing field
Best course for who don't know what is data science and good diffrent views for who knows what data science is..!Its a very good experience
Simply Awesome course to start those who are willing to take a step in towards data science.Finally interactive assignments and many more .
the whole course work, the videos, the readings and work assignments were amazing, helped me a lot in getting a solid idea of data sciences
The course is great. It outlines all neccesary information within the field. The leaders representation provides motivation and assurance.
An amazing introductory course gives a basic understanding of what is data science and what should you acquire to become a data scientist.
A good orientation course in Data Science. Gives you an understanding of what to expect if you want to pursue Data Science as your career.
This course provides very good overview on Data Science. Excellent videos from Professors Mr. Norman White and Mr. Murtaza Haider. Thanks.
The concept of data science is now clear minimally to me. Actually it have nice organization to learn data science. Thank a lot to trainee
Very thorough review of the field in general. Practical explanations. These discussions make me excited about adding this to my skill set!
I think the content is really good especially for the person who do not have the data science knowledge background knowledge. Recommended!
Very helpful in developing the fundamental concepts and understanding about the basis and foundation of data science .A must for beginners
I have already one year of experience in data science. The course was very informative for someone who wants to decide to enter the field.
This course is a very good starter for introduction to data science. It actually gives the answer for the question "What is Data Science?"
This course helped me to understand "WHAT IS DATA SCIENCE". I thoroughly enjoyed the course and my objective was also completed. Thank You
If you want to get Started with Data Science then this is the best introductory course. The way they explain the points is just Awesome...
Excellent course. All topics are explained in an easy way. Thanks to this course I understand what is a Data Science and its applications.
It Was a fantastic introduction to data science. If you never knew about data science, this is the best place to start. Thank you so much.
A good course to have a clear understanding of what this field holds for beginners, and what are the categories, careers, tools involved.
Tell the truth, I really greatfull for make me inspired and interested to search more course on coursera with IBM and other institutions.
Great way to introduce people to what data science is and what can someone interested in this subject can expect from a day to day labor.
Excellent Foundation course on Data Science... that would help all to acquire required basic knowledge and help all to build up from here
It was a good course for starting. I have learnt how things are going to be and what I am actually going to learn about more intuitively.
Excellent Foundational/Introductory Course. Must attend it and its very well organized course. Doesn't stress the individual attending it
A Great course specially for the people who wanted to start of their carriers as a data scientists and learn the basics of DATA SCIENCE!!
This  course is a wonderful introduction to the realm of data science for beginners .Interviews of various professional was very helpful.
It helped me alot.But i found little bit difficult when i solve assignments.but it made me confidence to study again and again.Thank you.
It is a very good start to aspiring analytics professionals particularly in data science. The assessment needs to be HOTS focused though.
Very interesting and informative. I am encouraged to learn more about data science and continue on the path of becoming a data scientist.
It has been an amazing start to develop interest in data science. Thanks for providing this amazing opportunity to become data scientist.
It was good experience to hear out the best faculties across the world. I got the insights of data science  and what a data scientist do.
This course was extremely helpful in catching me up to speed on what Data Science is, and made me feel like it is something I can pursue.
Great course, it has detailed information about data science and related topics with their basic introduction to their application areas.
Nice way to start Data Science fundamentals. The way the topics is described is very easy to grasp. It stays in the brain for a long time
The concept of Data Science is discussed on a very detailed and useful way. It basically presents the very foundation and concepts of it.
I personally appreciate the course methodology. The videos and reading materials are precisely selected and appropriate to the learners.
Amazing course. Thanks to this course, I am now familiar with the subject and can't stop thinking about learning more and more about it!
Great for introducing Data Science for Beginners. Important information is simple, concise and recited clearly that is easy to memorize.
Interesting and Wonderful course for Beginners who want to pursue career in Data Science.Really enjoyed a lot while learning the course.
Very great and informative orientation about data-science gained so many new insights about data-science from this course. Great Job IBM
Great introduction to the fundamentals of data science and the skills and attributes needed to have a successful career in data science.
Very clear material that gives a fundamental overview of the field. Meaningful quizzes, and great experience with the IBM Cloud Account.
What is data Science, is a very important intruduction to the field this will give you the base to start studing more about Data Science
A very good introduction for everyone. Even if you are a non-programmer like myself, this course/module will ease you into Data Science.
Good introduction to the area of Data Science, filled with many interpretations and definitions from knowledgeable people in the videos.
Well explained, this course is only for the basics and an introduction for the future concepts for the certificate or the specialization
The course content is good and very helpful for those who want to become a data scientist.A very warm Thanks to Coursera, and community.
This course was very helpful and informative. Good learning platform. Thank you everyone who have put in their efforts and valuable time
Very informative module about the skills and opportunities for data scientists. The lessons were short and kept my attention quite well.
This course is great for someone who has no idea about data science and will give anyone a clear idea what a data scientist is and does.
Good starting class.  Breaks some of the myths that I had about Data Scientist and gave me the confidence to continue on down this road.
The course gives the very good understanding of the scope of data science and each part of data science categorized in a brilliant way.
overall the course was quite interesting, i learned basics of data science and scientist, their roles in industry, and job opportunity.
I really good i am so excited to learn this course finally i successfully completed this course and earn digital badge and certificate.
I like the approach and how the information is presented. it makes the subject easy to learn. I look forward to the rest of the course.
A very easy method of teaching comes to the learning process by IBM.  I am now aware of What is Data Science and where we can apply it.
A really great overview and introduction of what is data science, and what one can achieve with the skills gained through data science.
Thank's so much for the course! It's a great way to deepen in Data Science! Very professional lecturers and great videos and materials!
I am a complete novice to this field and no better introduction to data science could have been given to me by any other digital media!
It explains pretty well what data science is and who can be a data scientist as well as examples. It was very dynamic and entertaining.
Perfect one. No other resource gives this much of basic understanding of what Data Science is. Kudos to the team behind. Thanks much. !
Nice basic or introductory course for data science. Professors explain briefly about concepts like data science, hadoop, big data, etc.
Is the best course to get your feet wet on data science, with this course you'll understand the field and applications of data science.
This Course is good first step for Data science as it has all the needed information for a person who wants to start with Data Science.
Excellent domain of the exhibitors, great amount of information for beginners regarding Data Sciense, neat and well presented content.
It's a great way to teach about "What is Data Science" to beginner.Thanks a lot cousera & IBM for making available this useful course.
This is a great way of encouraging individuals who aspires to join data science. The content is concise and the video is fun to watch.
Awesome experience! The courses are concise and straight to the point. It definitely gave me more clarity on what Data Science can do.
this course has  quality theory to build the foundational understanding of what data science is, I recommend it for all the beginners.
Very Well Explained with the Real Time Examples and how they deals the complex problems and processing the data intlo different fields
I am so happy for join this course and make me so interesting and i continue to learn about data science and learning from coursera <3
I think this was a great introduction/chapter 1 and I'm looking forward to chapter 2 (week 4) with open source tools for Data Science.
I think this is a complete course which explain what is data science and give all importants information about what a data science do.
Very extensive introductory course to the field. I especially love how it emphasizes on the importance of curiosity and story telling.
This a well thought out approach to introduce data science. What an incredible way of sharing the key concepts in such a creative way.
Excellent introduction of concepts regarding data science and related areas. Good overview of the subject and very easy to understand.
Very clear, friendly explanation about what is data science and what are the skills that someone must have to become a data scientist.
It is great to know that what is "Data Science". As I was finding what is this and how does it works, this course help me to know that
Inclusive and helpful. Describes ALL the aspects and gives you sufficient insights into the terms you need to become a data scientist.
Enjoyed this Introductory course. It really seems effective weather you have or don't have any previous understanding in Data Science.
Real life application example and historical reference along with real life practitioner tips makes the whole course very well crafted
Great introduction to Data Science. You will get an overview of the basics, requirements and essentials for becoming a Data Scientist.
I have learned and understand more about Data Science. This is a good course for the introduction of Data Science. Thank you so much!
In this course l have learnt about Data science, and what data science aspirant should keep focus in journey of learning this course.
Good introductory session. Great insight from the various people who CEOs, Research associates, seasoned programmers, Professors etc.
This course was really interesting, with different data scientist giving their opinions of what to expect as a budding data scientist
This is the basic course for the idea of Data Science! I really enjoy this course as a beginner. I got lots of idea from this course!
Good introduction to the idea of Data Science. Nice combination of reading, writing and listening to personal stories of data science
I love the content and manner of learning this course offer, appreciate the good work done by the team who created the course content
A good overview of what Data Science means from a theoretical point of view to the industry application in business as usual context.
Although i'm a mathematician and i studied statistics i have opened Data science to myself and now i am ready to take a new challenge
Simple and easy to understand. The content is intuitive and anybody with no background in data science can get the take home message.
The course material did a good job of answering my questions "what's this data science stuff I'm hearing about". Highly recommended.
The course material provided was very clear and has a good mix of interviews, voice-over animations, reading material and exercises.
Wonderful and precise explanation of each concepts with brain storming quiz. Kudos to author and coursera for making this course....
I have never seen an introductory course better than this, provided great insights and developed a lucid picture about Data science.
It gives a solid overview of what Data Science is and easy to follow. I like it's an explained in a way a 5 year old can comprehend.
Great introduction! Understanding data science is about curiosity and storytelling really solidified my desire to pursue this field.
Great introduction for anyone looking to start in the area. Now I have an overview and I think which way I want to go in the future.
A great introduction to what is Data Science and how it is experienced by Data Scientists as well as by Stakeholders! Loved it!!! <3
This course helps you understand data science. the meaning of data science, the method, the tools and anything you will need to know
Just a beginner guide to the data science but helps you if you want to learn the market and guideline for the career in data science
Amazed by how Coursera courses takes you from nothing to a huge better understanding, in a not exaustive way and right to the point.
It is an excellent introduction providing a clear overview on what it is Data Science. Thank you all for your valuable explanations.
I LEARNED BASIC OF DATA SCIENCE FROM THIS VIDEO AND IT WAS VERY CLEAR NOW I AM EXCITING FOR NEXT COURSE ,THANQ YOU COURSERA LOVE YOU
A very deep Topic explained in such a way so that a person understand it clearly and the concepts about Big Data would be rectified.
This course made my fundamentals very strong about data science and as of now I even want to get more to the data science department
I had learnt a lot about data science .I had clarified all my doubts through doing this course.Im very thankful to join in coursera.
Excellent step by step explanation about data science by both veteran professors and currently employed experienced data scientists.
Best introductory to Data Science, make you sure about the scope and real goals of this new fieldMounir Dameur Senior Data Scientist
The Course is very basic but serves the purpose. It helps you to get understanding about data science filed and what data scientist.
It was a great introduction to the world of data science. All interventions and interviews with personalities were quite motivating.
It gives in-depth insight in data science, at beginner level. The fundamental requirements and basic components are well explained.
Well-explained courses led me to the understanding of data science, thorough graphic teaching styles improved the learning process.
This course helps me to understand what is data science in general and what kind of things is a must for becoming a data scientist.
Thanks for providing a very high level understanding of the data science terminology and its importance that fluctuates the market.
Awesome Course to get an understanding of what is data science and who is a data scientist and how you should report your findings.
Learnt a lot about Data Science from this course. I am more interested in learning about Data Science after completing this course.
Great Introduction, helps frame what Data Sciences is.  Great for Highschool students to see if this is an interesting Career path.
its a wonderful course giving all possible details on what industry expects from you and how to make yourself prepared for the same
Very good overview of everything you'd need to know about what a data scientist does and it is something one would want to explore!
Excellent starting point to who knows nothing of Data Science! It's ideal to fix some recurrent and usual terms used in this field.
Very Nice course for the beginners to understand what is Data Science. Great to hear from the people who are already in this field.
Best Course I had it in my life... So much informative content. And each topic has been discussed very precisely. Feeling great...
I learnt more things about data science which i don't know and its link with various other technologies like IOT, big data and ML.
This online orientation course on Data Science is quick, easy and paves a way for understanding Data Science and its applications.
Really gave an insight into Data Science as an up and coming field of the years! Explained by skilled professionals and very good!
well designed to give insight of the data science. clear lot of misconceptions and make your journey easy to become Data Scientist
It is an interesting course, that helps you to understand the data science area with helpfull examples and various points of view.
Provides you all you need to know to start learning data science and effectively tackles the questions a beginner has in his mind.
This course shows the path ahead before you kick-off your data science journey. You get the idea and motive to learn data science.
This course is really good to understand the definition of data science, need and application of data science in different fields.
Introduction was quite broad in nature. Many elements related to data science were touched and explained in a very convenient way.
A very good course to start with for Understanding Data Science, Machine Learning and applications of these in real life sceario.
IBM Certification is best to learn and help my skill to improve.Their videos and reading will help to Queries about Data science.
Great introductory course for beginner Data Scientists or for anyone that is curios and wants to know about what Data Science is.
Great step by IBM and coursera, provided us the opportunity to equip our selves with most demanding skill kit. Thanks and Regards
It was an excellent introductory course and helps you understand the basic definitions and how to work on this learning platform.
This course walks you through what data science is from people who are currently working as data scientist and their experiences.
I like the remarkable content of this course which will really help me in my workplace, the demand for Data Science also endless.
After going through this session i got  clear understanding  of what Data Science and various skills required for Data Scientist.
Great top level introduction into what Data Science is. Also provides quality insight as to what it means to be a data scientist.
Good introduction to data science field.The course certainly made me more curious to learn more about data science applications.
Coursera helped me to expand my knowledge and I've learned so much. This is a great tools to open up my path and help my career.
Great videos for Data Science introduction. Very lucidly, clearly one can get the idea what Data Science is all about. Loved it!
A very good general overview of what data science is for those who are new and also very encouraging to learn more data science.
Very interactive, understandable English for non native speakers, to the point, the level of the interviewees is exceptional ...
I like the sudden question in the middle of the videos because it motivate me to keep on focus and listen to what's in the video
Very interesting Course to know more about Data science and how I could join this field and connect it with my daily job routine
This is an excellent course for the beginners who want to understand what data science really is and what a data scientist does.
Excellent course for beginners in data science. For those who wanna start from the basics. I would highly recommend this course.
Coursera online learning plateform is descriptive and informative. I really enjoyed " What is Data Science"  Online course work.
I t was a very great work from all of you. I could easly understand evreything about what is Data Science.Thank you very much!!!
I think this coures  is a good start for beginners like me. But learning more  make you more competitive. I am planning to learn
The course is well structured, however it lacks depth. I feel it would have been better if there was more content on each topic.
It gave me a great initial insight on data science, and the components that make up a data scientist. Looking forward for week 2
The course is a good introduction for who's a complete newbie in the subject of data science and gives good conceptual insights.
High-level view of Data Science concepts. I believe everyone should learn these concepts before diving deeper into Data Science.
I have learned what data science and a data scientist is and moreover what kind of tools they use in calculating or prediction.
Thank You so much. The Course gives us good information about the Data Science. The Skill set needed to become a Data Scientist
This course gives me a quick learning about what data science is and got to know about the career path related to data science.
I love taking this course. I learned a lot about data science and data scientist. This is one step forward to pursue my career.
It was a course designed properly to help understand the fundamentals of data science I can say I have learnt a lot! Thank you!
Data science is a process in which raw data is used to unveil or solve problem that is of interest to an individual or a group.
Great introduction of Data Science especially for beginners like me who has no prior knowledge and experience on this subject.
It's a basic information how to become a data scientist. And what is data science about. The instructors describe very cleary.
Excepnally good presentation...Easy and joyful way of teaching for subject like Data Science...This the way of true learning..
The course is good and I have completed this course in 2 days. I receive the certificate but didn't get the badge for the same
I really appreciate that this course was awesome and I glade to say thank you for the three contributors how done the job well
Its Really nice course to get into DS world. Brief introduction to clear the basic concepts of Data Sciences and fundamentals.
Great content, I finished this in one seating and really enjoyed it. The videos are of great quality and are very informative.
Great introduction to Data Science. It did clarify questions and misconceptions that I had before the course.  Great course...
It is a very good course with in-depth explanations of basic concepts like data science, data scientist, machine learning etc.
Really helped me clear the difference between ML, Al and Data Analysis. In addition, I now know what Data Scientist really do.
Amazing this course really helped me to understand what data science actually is and how I can pursue my career in this field.
This has been very informative. Has made me think a lot about Data science. Keep on rocking guys. Thank you for helping people
This course has some amazing content. I think it will be definitely beneficial for all who are passionate  about Data Science!
This really rocks. I could be really equipped with real life scenarios. I feel like I am working not studying. Which is great!
Very good for beginners. I don't have a CS background in college but I can catch up quickly with the concepts.Good Good Study!
Good and well-versed course, easily approachable. The content is also very well-versed. Happy to have this course at Coursera.
I thoroughly enjoyed the lectures as an Introduction to Data Science.  I look forwarding to learning more on the next modules.
This is a very helpful course to initiate in data science, easy to understand and it guides you through the initial insights.
The course was great. I liked it a lot and I have to say it was my first experience of reading an online course. Thanks a lot
Excellent and accurate information identical to the information learned throughout my Business Intelligence Doctoral journey.
I am fresher to data science domain, they are sharing the knowledge very well in simple way . its very easy understand topic.
A great introduction to the world of data science, very descriptive and clear.Thanks so much for make an education like this.
the perfect introduction to data science. highly recommended to anyone interested in data science and no previous background.
Coursera taught me lots of things in data science. In my field I needed knowledge of data science which i got very perfectly.
I really enjoyed this introductory course on Data Analysis and am looking forward to the next courses in this specialization.
A very introductory course with definitions, potential areas to work, skills and tools need it to sucess as a data Scientist
Great course! The quizzes are mostly about the readings, I wish the readings were explained more by the instructors (video).
Good introductory course into Data Science and all its components. Don't expect to dive into actual data science activities.
Brilliant bootcamp to the world of data science, Introduction couldn't be more simpler than this course. Highly recommended.
Very organized materials! The information were explained in a very smooth way. Thanks to everyone who helped to organize it!
This course is so well crafted as we get to know about data science through the experience and knowledge of various experts.
This course helped me to understand Data science and was very insightful with the concepts of Data Science, Hadoop, Big Data
Teaching was Great! Am happy that i have got knowledge on Data Science without any prior experience over it. Happy Learning!
Great introduction to the subject with some good supporting reading and videos from forerunners in the field of data science
Great course!!!, I really enjoy it, very clear explanations about the topics, excellent introductory course to data science.
Ay ll the videos and reading material are excellent and gave a good overview about Data Science and Journey of Data Science.
It was amazing and the way of teaching is very good.The instructor of this course is very good .Thanku IBM and Coursera ❣️❣️
Its been a great experience to attend this fully online course, this course has clear objectives given in course description
The course is well structured. The interviews and content are very inspiring. I am pleased to have enrolled in this program.
Perfect course to get your first foot in Data Science field. The term Data Science is perfectly explained in different ways.
This course is amazing, it gave me  all the information I needed to grow my confidence in pursuing a career in Data Science.
This course clear the basic concept of data science and this course can take any student who are interested in data science.
This course on Data Science provides very good aspects of industrial upcoming use and current vacant post of data scientist.
This course gave me a clear view of data science in general and it was explained in more realistic way from industry experts
The course is very interesting. However, there is a need to clarify other concepts including data analysis, data analytics.
This course is well insightful and engaging. The videos are short and to the point.  It surely added value to me. Thank you
i enjoy this course and it's amazing bcuz it's clear the basic of data science and which industries is use this technology.
This introductory course sets the base for your upcoming data science course and removes all your doubts  about the course.
Great Introduction to Data Science, It might reduce the fear that some students might have and clear up some misconceptions
Perfect for beginners, Just couldn't get any better. If you really want to pursue Data Science, this is the perfect course.
It was an interesting course, especially because it is interactive with professionals and specialists that share knowledge.
Very good material! Helped me get an in depth sense of what Data Science is all about and the functions that pertain to it.
Tremendous course over all it is a good platform to gain knowledge with great teachers and a very good learning environment
I loved tus course, good contents and good videos.  I'm so glad yo continue the next courses to complete the certification.
Has every general info you would need to decide if you would like to dedicate some serious time and effort to Data Science.
This was a nicely arranged introduction to data science, I recommend this to anyone interested in learning about the field.
Very entertaining :) I would have skipped it, but in hindsight proves to be valuable and a good introduction to the matter.
Good start for a novice to understand what data science is and to get a good grip of what is expected from data scientists.
Excellent introduction to Data Science. Very inspiring and leads to further study of the fascinating world of Data Science.
I would recommend this for a wonderful insight into what Data Science is and who a Data Scientist is and what he/she does.
Very comprehensive, easy to understand the course. The authors were very good at telling the story in a neat and easy way.
Coursera provide data science Ibm course I have gaine lot of knowledge thanku coursera provided for me data science course
The course gives deep insight about data science,basics of data science and application of data science in business world.
exceptional basic understanding and the overview of data sciencei really like the perspective of professor murtaza haider!
I learned all the fields of development that have Data science and how we can help in a productive way with the right use.
it was a well organised course with extremely helpful videos and materials. looking forward to the remainder of the course
video content is quality and fun. Especially visual content is very catchy and understandable. Many thanks to all of you !
Very easy and clear to understand, and I love being able to go at my own pace. Fantastic start to getting into this field.
It is good to learn basics before going to advanced concept. This course helped me to understand the concept of the course
They simply explained what's data science and everything necessary to make you a data scientist, in the best possible way!
i really find the course of so much importance in the coming days to come. as i can confidently apply for job applications
The course is a beautiful introduction for candidates who want to know what Data Science is about and what does it entail.
This is a very good introduction to data science, well-structured help quick understand the whole picture on data science.
Excellent study and got to listen to people working real time on these topics and technology. Wonderful experience indeed.
The course contains much good general information about Data Science, It is one of the best beginning path to Data Science
Awesome introduction to Data Science with good reading and useful videos to give a start to the path towards data science.
Excellent videos and reading materials. Presented in a cogent manner. I find it easy to go through and learn the concepts.
That course just gives you what the really data science is, and what directions you should focused on, highly recommended.
Its very good introduction course, I learned couple more things from it even if I was researching about this topic before.
This is a very good course to start the journey into Data Science. Not to technical, just to get a "flavour" of the field.
For a beginner this course is great and gives valuables insights and basic differences on the terms used in data sceinces
I have a very clear understanding of Data Science and I'm ready to learn the skill necessary to become a Data Scientist .
Its very good experience to go with this course and it is very helpful.And its a great oppurtunity to have this platform.
Good introduction to data science, what it is and who makes a great data science.  The mode of presentation was engaging.
Very informative orientation to data scientists.  I particularly enjoyed the commentary from senior experts in the field.
All documents provided were very informative and all videos were to the point in explaning what Data Science is all about
Good Introduction to Data Science, gives a fair idea of the field and its applications. Very basic course, for beginners.
Its Good Course Covers all Basics Of Data Science, And Provide All reading Material Which is required For Beginner level.
The content - video and reading material, the sequence and the way it was narrated was simply good, simple and effective.
The videos and reading material were really helpful and I feel like I'm at the prime position to advance in data science
Enjoyed the videos, in particular the passionate manner interviewees described data science and their professional life.
Very interesting insights and career related information. Easy to understand. Would love to complete the specialization.
The course design is excellent specially for beginners to study and understand the basic concept in What is Data Science
I loved the content. Perfect mix of videos, texts, tests and assignement. Very weill built introduction to data science.
Good to understand what data science is and what data scientists do.Very critical if someone is pursuing a course on it.
This course is very easy to learn and we can know about the data science.The videos and modules are very understandable.
This is one of the best introductions on data science. This course can highly motivate you to get started on this field.
Best course to know the overview of data science and this course will be useful for career too. Thanks to IBM & Coursera
It is a very general course. From the discussion of profs and students, I can have very broad insight into data science.
I took multiple courses from different platforms, but this course teach everything in detail and with clear explanation.
This was a great overview of Data Science that provided the historical context of data science as well as the processes.
I really liked the layout of the course - the gentle way it introduced data science and laid emphasis on the life cycle.
It's helpful and friendly to beginner, as it simple but detailed, tells what is Data Science and what Data Scientist do.
This course provided be with a great insight  about what is data science and what skills does a data scientists possess.
It was a great experience with this course,it helped me to gain introductory knowledge about data science an the fields.
It was a very open mind to me about what data science and data scientits are. I hope to continue to the especialization.
Superb! Now i have a full understanding of the tools i need in becoming a data scientist and i know what path to follow.
Its an amazing course. It provides each and every information which you need to start your new " Data science " Career .
It gave me a new perspective of what a Data Scientist does, the tools he/she uses and how it falls under an organization
PIctorial representation and graphical analysis results should be added in course for more easy grasp of topic content .
Excellent elaboration about Data science for easy understanding. Content is well focused to understand the Data Science.
Great course, and explains the basics of Data Science and Data Scientists well. I liked professor Haider's points a lot.
Awesome understanding of the Data Science basics and helped to get a good insight of what lies inside the Tunnel of DATA
Excellent coaching and well explained modules and videos. Congrats to IBM and Coursera for providing us best education!
Wonderful experience with some great teacher and mentors they just awesome and explain very easily many complex things.
Really explained and relevant for does how is not sure about that is that or how to start their career in Data Science.
Good, solid introduction about the role of data scientists and the vast ways data science is impacting our daily lives.
Very infromative. Helpful for beginners. Good to get advice from Data Scientists from different backgrounds. Motivating
Engaging, it is for absolute beginners and introductory, reaches its goal to get some key messages and concepts across.
From this I get to lnow about the basics of data science. This course by IBM helped me a lot in clearing my confusions.
Very Insightful... This module truly helped me envisage the role of a Data Scientist and applications for Data Science.
Nice Explanation and Videos for a  beginner.It cleared a lot of concepts related to Data and its underlying importance.
This course gave me great idea about, what is data science and how to do become a data scientist. A great start for me.
What is Data science is a well structured beginner course beautifully narrated by experts in the field of data science.
Very helpful and informative course about the general work flow of a data scientist's day-to-day in doing data science!
Provided a very good overview of what is data science and how interested candidates can move into this upcoming field.
Good introduction to data science. I like the opinions of all the experts who shared their knowledge about this field.
I got many new things to learn. This course helped me a lot in leraning new terms, techniques and also in career path.
It was explanatory and really helpful. Helped me understand the advantages of including data science in every business
I review this course with 5 stars because i get to know a lot through this course. it's very beneficial for beginners.
excellent presentation and lectures by the instructors. However, it could be helpful to have more reference materials.
Though I was familiar with the concept and worked a bit almost a decade ago but I've gained a lot through this course.
The content was expository and really introduced me to the world of data science and its relevance in the world today.
Absolutely loving  the materials and videos so far and certainly learning and taking a lot in quickly because of this!
the assignment keeps you engages even listening from experienced people help you to know what data science actually is
The course is very well designed. The course material is well written and represented in easily understandable format.
It's an excellent course. Makes you have a general idea about data and data science. I think it is good for beginners.
Interesting course! it gives you a clear idea about what's data science.Now I feel more excited to continue learning .
Great way introducing students to the subject whilst making them think about possible Data Science projects to pursue.
Good overview of what Data Science is all about and the skill sets and behaviours required to be a good Data Scientist
The course provides a detailed information on Data Science. It's simple to understand. I highly recommend this course.
It is a perfect course for beginners who want to have a better understanding of what is data science, and what they do
This course is a great insight to Data Science, opportunities and how to become a Data Scientist. I loved learning it.
It's give clear idea of Data Science. Now, I can distinguish between statistics and data science without anyambiguity.
Gives a very good overview of what Data science is and what are the ways to learn it and adapt it including use-cases.
This Course is great .The resources is excellent and has been explained in the best way possible.Thank you coursera .
The way that the professor held the lectures was not interesting, but we can still distill hardcore knowledge points.
I have  sucessfull completed what is data science I glad my graduation thanks Coursera ,IBM and my dear dear lecturer
This is an awesome course for understanding What is Data Science and taking first step for becoming a Data Scientist.
This course gives the Detailed Introduction, what data science is all about along with its future, carrier in it etc.
This is a great course for those who want a basic introduction to the tenets, practices, and history of data science.
I was always reluctant to take courses from Coursera but when i did take its like real classroom experience i love it
A very informative course that helps you to know about all the fundamentals for starting learning about data science.
Very good. I'm enjoying the way they constantly ask you questions. This engages you to pay attention in every detail.
The course provide a brief introduction about Data Science, Data Scientist and the technologies used in Data Science.
I found it very interesting. This course helps me to better understand what data science means , and its application.
Really interesting course. It is very easy to follow the lecturers and they really make you want to do data sciences!
I love it all the way it's put together, the class notes, presentation, videos and the quiz. It was very interesting.
Great introductory to data science, gives not only theoretical knowledge, but also real life example of data science.
This course, although short, gives a nice introduction to the field of data science and the role of a data scientist.
Very informative.. both the videos and the materials.. Helps you get the intended knowledge in a very simple manner..
A very good start for me with this course. It just streamlined all my random reading about data science in one place.
I like that this was a very concise explanation that I could use to tell others about what I do and clarify my goals.
Great course with awesome introduction which gives you basic idea of what data science is and how data science works.
Good first contact with data science to understand what is it and the set of skills needed to become a data scientist
Its good to explore basic understanding of Data Science before you moving to Deep insight of Data Science knowledge.
this course is a great start in order to build some sense about data science that will help you in the later courses
Much useful course! Have found it as the great starting point for Data Science learning.. Thanks to IBM and Coutsera
This is a great introduction to the field.  It provides a great foundation of the what, why, and how on the subject.
It is a very nice introductory course for those who want to learn about data science. Well worth the time and money.
I really like to hear from different professionals on the field. Is a good way to get into the world of data science
This is a great introduction of data science. I got different ideas and opinions form different people in the field.
It was very helpful for me to understand what is Data science and helped me to improve my knowledge in Data science.
Its a great introductory course for data science. It has made me more determined for this field. Thank you Coursera.
I gained valuable insights about the attributes of an effective data scientist, as well as an overview of the field.
This course provides a great insight to Data Science and can provide great motivation for becoming a data scientist.
Right place if you want to start learning data science. It provides you with all the motivation and do's and dont's.
Great course! I am a beginner in Data Science and was able to keep up with and learn all the content in this course.
Very good course.By enrolling this course I get complete knowledge of data science and it is very beneficial for me.
Nice course, well explained. Structured and it´s good to hear de experience of students en teachers of Data Science.
The course is really nice. It increases my curiosity in Data Science even more . I want to learn it whole-heartedly.
This is an excellent introduction to Data Science. The explanations are simple and use cases described are engaging.
Awesome course which introduces many exciting concepts and whets the appetite to dive deeper in the modules to come.
Did a good job of informing and educating me about Data Science and what I could look for in a data science career!
Its good to know about Data and the way to drill down for analysis and it really being structured as a data science
The course was instrumental in forming a base for data science and had key insights in what it really is all about.
The course provides good knowledge about Data Science foundation and also gave a good introduction to Data Science.
By doing this this my base is clear, so this is very important for all new comer whose want to come in data science
It is fantastic course for a beginner to acquire knowledge about data science and various terms associated with it.
Very briefly explained regarding Data Science.And loved the way they have kept questions at the end of every video.
The foundation stone of Data Science has been put together very clearly, easy to understand and follow. Good Stuff!
The content and presentation are engaging and top-notch. Do not miss out on this awesome course on emerging trends.
Gave a very thorough understanding of what it means to be a Data Scientist and what the Data Science profession is.
Excellent course, provided great overview. The amount of work and requirements was just right. Highly recommend it!
Listening to folks in this field makes me feel extremely good that I am choosing to make this part of my future :)
Great in depth tutorial for beginners. I must recommend this to everyone who is just starting out in Data Science.
It's an awesome course...Made be understand what data science is and propelled my interest in this field Even more
Amazing Course it introduced to me the most important definitions in Data science and the differences between them
This course is very helpful to gain your knowledge about data science and what data scientists do.Thanks coursera.
Engaging and interesting. The over all course is designed in a way that easily understandable and more elaborated.
Very informative and learned the whole basics of Data Science, how can it be implemented and where it can be used.
A very useful und wonderful course, despite my previous knowledge of data science but there was fun in this course
Introduction to this course is very well explained and creates interest for this course. Quizes are also engaging.
It's a very useful course especially for beginners. It is great at teaching the "big picture" behind data science.
I saw this course show up in a Facebook advertisement, and wanted to learn more. Best decision I could have made.
Its a great course, with expert speakers and nice video. Thank you IBM for the course that i took for free !!! :D
Interesting to get an overall intro to Data Science and basic concepts, even if you are somehow familiar with it.
A good course, which will help you to understand what is data science and what data scientists do in there field.
It has been an excellent and unique content for the data science field . Even more curious for the further track.
A very informative course, which has helped me prepare a road-map to begin studying for a career in Data Science.
I had a very good experience while going through this course as it developed a lot of clarity about data science.
This course helps get an overall idea about data science and what it is. This course has fascinating discussions.
Videos and Reading Materials are very well explained. Examples and stories make the learning simpler and quicker.
very good introduction into data science, what it is and what can be done with it, demystifying a lot of concepts
A great course to read through, thought me a lot about Data Science, Data Scientist, what makes a Data scientist.
Hit to the point of data science and application, easily understand and have many example and various in college.
A good introduction into the topic. This was my first Coursera course and I found the content very easy fo follow
Excellent Course very helpfull for understand what is data science and the escencials to be a good data scientist
it being very thankful that i am a part of this course.They will start teaching from zero level to advanced level
This is a great beginners course for those professionals who aspire to start a career in Data Science. Go for it.
I really enjoyed this intro to Data Science! The videos and the various use cases presented are very interesting.
It's a meaningful introductory course and it's interesting, from which I learnt a lot about data science from it.
Great introduction to data science and an insight of what data science is and skills data scientists should have.
Excellent, dynamic course.  I would recommended to anyone that would like to initiate a training in Data Science.
The course will nicely done. The final exam is tricky. They are looking for explicit answers, so take good notes!
Thank you very much for this course. It opened my eyes on the importance of Data Scientist in our today's' world.
Very good introduction to Data Science, simple and precise. If you are new in this field, this is what you need!
The overall learm=ning experience was awesome! It really clears all the concepts regarding what is data science.
Appears to be a good introduction to Data Science in what to expect to need to learn to become a data scientist.
I'm so happy to start learning Data Science with Coursera, and I will continue learning to the advanced courses.
Im very excited to complete the course. Really a good course and the procedure followed so far is also excellent
This course defines a data and data scientist along with the scope, responsibility in a very simple and broadly.
This a very good introductory course on data science which gives a brief explanation of what the field is about.
This  course is excellent. I had no background but now i already feel like i can get into a real role. Good work
Great course for an entrance. More encouragement more will be better, not let people afraid to go ahead. Thanks!
It was interesting and gave me an overview of the field alongwith keeping me interested through various exercise
It is a great Course and will help begginers to learn about Data Science  and it's application by professionals.
Good start to understand that who is data scientist, what is data science, and how can I prepare the report !!!!
The course
was very helpful to understand what is Data Science. The instructors and
testimonials were very good.
This is a good introduction for people who have not been exposed to data science or haven't heard much about it.
Nice course. It gives a good overview of what is data science and how it as evolved and where it can be applied.
Fun course to learn more about data science. Wish there were more interactive quizzes instead of just questions.
This course is an excellent starter platform for literally anybody who want's to become engaged in data science!
Excellent Course From this course Now I have Start Data Science.This Course gave me Concept behind Data Science.
Really a great course to know more about Data Science. Great way to start the series of courses on Data Science.
Very Informative, I now have clear Idea about what is data science and what are the actual skills to become one.
I enjoyed learning about Data Science and what data scientists do. Videos and quizzes were very helpful as well.
In this course the qualities and functions of a data science are explained, also buy what is the science of data
Perfect Introduction to Data Science! love the examples delivered by the Instructors. Recommended for beginners.
excellent course help you to understand very clearly all about Data science, it was easy and perfect. Thank you
Introductory course what is data science really helped me improve my understanding of data science in industry.
I think it is a solid introductory course which provided comprehensive coverage of the subject of Data Science.
All instructors were really good in communicating about the subjects and i throughly enjoyed it because of them
This has open my mind about Data Science. I believe this course will make everyone want to be a data scientist.
Its really very informative, easy to understand and helpful course to get started in the field of data science.
It was a great learning experience for a rookie techie person in the field of Data Science. Thank you Coursera!
This course is a very good starting point to those who are new to Data Science or don't know anything about it.
This course has met all my expectations. I would recommend it for anyone starting from a position of ignorance.
This is an awesome course which provides in-depth understand of data science, data scientist and deep learning.
awesome experience to know the insights and perspectives of the individuals and great kick start to datascience
The lessons succeed in explaining what Data Science through simple and clear ways to a non-technical beginner.
This course is absolutely good to understand what is the data science .Everything is very flexible and fluent.
It  is a very concise but at the same time an informative course that provides a broad  overview of the field.
This course gives you idea about "How Data Science field works and how can you become a good data scientist? "
a very useful course overall and set the context for further courses in this professional certificate journey.
This was probably the simplest way a piece of knowledge can be delivered. Every single lecture was productive.
This course is really great. It gave a brief understanding about data science. As a beginner its of great use.
I have learned a lot of things that I  did not know about.  The content is really high quality so the teachers
Very good data science intrdocution course. I learned what is data science and roles about data scientist job.
This course is really helpful to get a common sense of what data science is. It is basic but really important.
If you are very new to the very new topic- Data Science and not sure what is all about, the course is for you.
this was a good course to get the general idea behind data science and know what you should expect to form it.
I enjoyed the course thoroughly. I would love to explore data science with IBM and Coursera in future courses.
The flow of taking a Coursera course was seamless. This was an excellent introduction class for what is data s
Very well structured. Great base knowledge to know about Data Science (mostly theoretical, not much practice).
The course provides basic foundational knowledge of what to expect while considering a career in Data Science.
This is a good course for anyone who wants to learn the basics about data science, simple and straight foward.
The content is quite sufficient to direct and create interest for any naive person to begin with Data Science.
It was a very informative course . I got to understand the power of high power computing and image processing.
Great preview to the Data Science career and elaborated discussion about the required skills of data scientist
Clear and Concise understanding of Data science for those looking for an elementary pathway into the subject.
Comprehensive, good structured, making students curious on learning more about the topic. Very good overview.
Good Introductory course! Content is very good, this course shows the pathway in the journey of Data Science!
I love the professional way the majority of expositors did it! Sincere thanks for these videos, are enjoyable
Excellent content for anyone who's interested to learn more about databases with or without previous knowing!
This course helped me in understanding Data Science with ease. Thanks for an amazing course IBM and Coursera.
It was an amazing course, covering the basics and actually builds your interest to the field of data science.
Good first view of the Data Science, its applications and goals, what do you need to introduce to this world.
Very useful information. It just not only clear my views on Data Sciences but also help me in report writing.
After taking this course, I have a clear information and knowledge on what data science is.thank you so much!
The course was designed good. I learned many concepts.One problem that I face was the peer review assignment.
Very informative and provides a great foundation of what data science is and what it is used for in industry.
Fantastic course! The style of teaching really helps me to grab what exactly the mentors are trying to convey
It is the first big step in understanding of what data science is. It was very interesting and useful for me.
Very informative. I now have a great understanding of what I am getting into and cannot wait to move forward.
It learned the basis of Data Science and the pasagge and questions are very professionally I like that course
Great learning and new ideas are coming up after taking this course. Looking forward to take the next course.
Great insight into what data science is, what a data scientist does, and its applications in the real world.
It was amazing course for me. It added a lot to me and I really thank you to IBM for offering me this course
This was really insightful and it helps you realise if you truly have an interest in data science. Thank you
Gives a great introduction on what Data Science is and what kind of skills Data Scientist suppose to Master.
Very great informative course.Really one can get hands on data science by taking this course offered by IBM.
Great introduction to what Data Science is including an overview of some basic requirements to get involved.
this is very good course on data science . very much explained about data science and scientist .thanks team
Amazing layout, easily comprehendible, the only flaw is some of the transcript are not related to the video.
For someone who wants to start his/her career in data science, this course can be a stepping stone for them.
The course explains basics of data science and its applications. It helps in understanding the fundamentals.
The course is simple, but very useful. Thank you for your work. I get the base knowledge about data science.
A very good introduction to data science and Data scientist Role and Industries of  Data science application
beginners friendly, comprehensive introduction to data science included, appropriate workload for most of us
Informative and really fun to learn new and basic things on Data Science. Gives a good and nice introduction
Great introduction to the subject. The material is interesting and the format for teaching is very engaging.
Really good for starers, it gives you an overall review of the subject with key point to be particular about
It has been a pleasant experience learning here, and the sources are clear, understandable, and informative.
Learnt who are data scientists and what are basics which are required to keep in kind if we pursue this job.
Informative for directing new comers of the field to important paths to walk on to becoming a data scientist
Nice introductory course for anyone who wants to know the limits of this field and its important components.
This course was easy to follow, informative and fun!  Ready to start Course 2 with a great level of comfort.
Good understanding about what is data science and the skills needed before further learn about data science.
Great intro to data science for a beginner. Very easy to follow along and completed faster than anticipated.
Great way to dive back into learning and get an introduction to the formerly esoteric land of "Data Science"
very insightful, It covers all basic concepts and terminologies for a complete understanding of the subject
Best course for the beginner who wanted to pursue career in data science and want to become data scientist.
It is one of the best course to learn Data Science. The Audio and Video Quality of the Course is top notch.
I have 20 years of experience and this is my first formal Data Science course.  I thought it was excellent.
This course was amazing!! It made it really easy to learn about data science because it was so interesting.
A really cool course that helps you understand the basics of Data Science! I really enjoyed the coursework!
I really love this course .Its helps me to understand the what actually Data science and Data scientist do.
A detailed explanation of the term Data science, its quite educating most especially the delivery approach.
This course is amazing. It gives you a complete sense of what is a data science and who is a data scientist
One of the top courses in Artificial Intelligence that teaches the basics and fundamentals of Data Science.
Good Course. Gain good and clear understanding about the Data science its application and Scope. Thank you.
it really is a good kick start for beginners, the interviews and lectures were very interactive and helpful
The course sets up good knowledge of data science and high motivaiton to push yourself forward to learn it.
This course gives a brief idea on "what is Data science?". This will help, beginners to get started easily.
best course ,as it provide complete information of data science .And also provide professional certificate.
This course was clear, understandable and doable even for me, who is an absolutely beginner in programming.
Great way to get introduced to the topic of Data Science. Looking forward to the next course in the series.
Great introduction to what data science is in some broad sense, and what is desired to be a data scientist.
It gave me pretty much what I would ask for in an introductory course to a field  I know very little about.
Very Great for beginners, but there should be a little coding in it, basic algorithms like regression etc.
A thoughtful and applicable course that teaches students the basics of what Data Science and Big Data are.
Excellent course to make learners understand what data science looks like and what data scientists can do.
looking forward for completion of the professional certification, because I see my career in Data Science.
Excellent Course for those who are planning to start their Data Science Journey! A must-do course! Thanks!
Coursera world excellent quality education course and i have done my ibm data science course from coursera
A very easy to understand and encouraging course. Dr Murtaza really entices one to dabble in Data Science.
Data science is the subject where u study,analyze,understands the data for further prediction and analysis
A thorough introductory course for you to kick start learning about data science and get excited about it!
It is an important to start with this course to proceed further with best foundation knowledge in mindset.
Great introduction to data science. I'm looking forward to working through the rest of the specialization.
awesome course ... full details about what is data science use interview each and everything very helpful.
Perfect way to start your Learning in Data Science.It gives you a overall view of the data science career.
Beautiful rudimentary and informative course for beginners wanting to pursue their career in data science.
Excellent introduction to begin with Data Science. The 'why's, how's and applications' are well explained.
it was great and I have taken this course, I have learned a lot through the course and I can apply in job.
Strongly recommend it for everyone with passion in Data Science. It's a perfect start for data scientists.
Excellent, useful and informative.If you wanna take your first step toward Data Science, it's right start.
This is a good introduction. I like the video as it explains a lot ,and the speaker's comment are aspiring
Good and deep introduction to the topic data science and the related new opportunity to that great field.
The first part of the course clarifies what is DS. It contains lots of examples for better understanding.
I'm so glad i was allowed to take this classes, they were so dynamic and inspiring. Cant wait to do more!
This is a very very meaningful course, thank you for helping us learn more, hope I can continue to study,
Very useful to understand basics what is data science and what are skills required to be a data scientist
I learnt so much and gained a good understanding of what Data Science entails and I'm happy and satisfied
Great course to start with . It contain all the basics that are required to become a good data scientist.
Great content and perfect explanation of all the basic concepts and real world scenarios of data science.
NIce intro. Fully explains what data science is and what are the main responsibilities of data scientist.
A good overview of what is data science with some detailed material. Good for a beginner to data science.
I loved the interactive videos it made sure I was paying attention and not just going through the videos.
Nicely explained and structured. You can't leave it in the middle. Encouraging to pursue further courses.
I love it. It is excellent, now I have an excellent base about Data Science and what Data Scientist does.
The instructors are very knowledgeable in the subject areas. They helped a lot by simplifying the topics.
This course week 1 give the introdution about data science and create the interest in the specialization.
Excellent course!... All material is very complete and clearly in the topics about basics of data science
This course gives an excellent insight into data science and the role of a data scientist in the industry
The orientation is well exemplified. Its very easy to understand. The instructors are very knowledgeable.
Perfect! I have tried most of the data science courses elsewhere online and I see this one to be the best
Gave a good insight towards understanding what data science is and how it can have very wide definitions.
it's interesting for the beginners in new world of data science. Greetings and congratulations from Peru.
A very good course and certification for Data Science which has exploded in value, use and applicability.
It is a very good to start with data science and i am very excited to know further about the data science
Great Interactive Sessions. It covers almost every beginners question. Thank you Coursera. Thank you IBM.
It gives a basic understanding of magical Data Science and what unicorns (data scientist) do. Very useful
very ilustrative, the instructor  gimme all the basic to understand what is data science, thks a coursera
It helped me a lot in getting a clear overview about data science is. Thanks to the whole team behind it,
Learned basic topics which will allow me to start having better discussions on the future of Data Science
Concise, clear explanations. Enjoyed it as an introduction to the field. Took me a few hours to complete.
A great introduction course, I have learned a broad fundamental knowledge of this subject, a good start !
This course provided a great overview of Data Science and the potential for specializing in Data Science.
Useful to understand the Data Science world and definitively will help planning the next step to follow.
The teaching methodology are very cool .I have understood each and everything in this part of the course
Great course and explanation of what data science is and what does data scientist do and how they do it.
A good introduction into the field for those who are just curious about it, without any prior knowledge.
Awesome course. Its really interesting to learn and apply my thought. Thank you so much Coursera and IBM
THIS IS A NICE EXPERIENCE OF LEARNING DATA SCIENCE FROM COURSERA.I GOT A GOOD KNOWLEDGE OF DATA SCIENCE.
A very good introduction to the field of Data Science if you have limited knowledge to nothing about it!
Great introduction with excellent sources and viewpoints from students, professors, and industry leaders
This is a very good course. It opens your mind up and gives you a clear picture of where you are headed.
Very well explained . perfect introduction which will inspire anyone to pursue data science as a career.
the best introduction to data science , a lot of information is included and it is shown in the best way
Good introduction to know what is Data Science and what a Data Scientist do and what skills should have.
A very comprehensive and beneficial introduction to the Data Scientist and Data Science. Well presented.
A very accessible and informative course. Interesting videos from professionals. Thanks for the course!
This is freaking amazing course I've ever seen and this is completely for beginners and I am that one .
It's a great option to get general concepts near science data inclusive if you don't engineer a career.
I love this course. I have gained a sufficient amount of knowledge about data science through Coursera.
It was a valuable course for me and I am very thankful to you to provide me such knowledge of analytics
Really helpful to known about data science basics,additional learn where data science actually applied.
interesting topic and well explained. lectures were not bombarded with big words for beginners like me.
This Course was very friendly and made me work and imagine a lot different possibilities of this field.
It is very good, and serves as an introduction to this amazing field of knowledge that is data science.
This course give an overview about Data Science. This is more of theoretical course about data science.
A clear conceptualized course for the absolute beginner who wants to know and work as a data scientist.
A brilliant course for beginners who want to know about data science and career growth in data science.
An awesome course which will clear everything for kickstarting your career in the field of data science
A very good insight to "what is data science ?"It will allow you to relate your work with data science.
Very informative and engaging, this is a really good introduction to the topic from people in the know.
The syllabus is well structured and the tutors are explaining the things in a simple language. Loved it
Great beginner level introduction providing insight into the scope of the field and as a career option.
A very structured and comprehensive course for people in all fields (Operations, Supply Chain, HR etc.)
Excellent overview of Data Science, presenting very important tips for those starting out in this area.
It provides complete outline about what is Data Science and helps us to understand where we can fit in.
Excellent Course. It is clear and easy to understand. I enjoyed it and I would live to take it further.
This course helps one understand how the data science term was coined, its background and fundamentals.
Really great introduction to Data Science so far. Let's see what the next courses have in store for me.
Very easy to understand. A perfect introduction to what data science is in one of easiest way possible.
Before this, I knew nothing about Data Science, very good introduction and overview. Absolutely superb.
Provides a great basic level of knowledge in the field of Data Science, and is a great place to start.
Very useful course and can be easily related to real life examples. Professors are highly experienced.
This course will completely define what is data science with various definitions from various experts.
Excellent content put together to explain Data Science and role of a Data Scientist in a clear manner.
It's very useful to know about data science. Now I got an idea about data science and data scientists.
A bit basic, but a decent high level overview of the field, which is the intended point of the course.
Excellent way of learning DataScience. Learning a lot. This learning will definitely help in my career
Easy and approachable for new starters like me, not stressing, I am looking forward to more in detail.
Great course! Excellent starting point and provides crisp introduction into the field of data science.
Really informative and allows you to wrap your head around what Data Science is and what its uses are.
A really intresting intoduction that gives a general idea about what someone can do with Data Science!
It was very exciting to learn my first course in coursera, im looking foward to continue more courses.
This course is exactly guiding a person what kind of skill a person should have to be a data sceintist
Brilliant course to start learning Data Science. Very basic and interesting. looking for next courses.
Excellent videos. In my opinion, the introduction of what is data science were easy and fast to learn.
It's a clear start to better understand what is data science and what you need to be a data scientist.
Very nice introductory course for data science. Based on interviewing SMEs and PDFs to read. I like it
A very neat understanding of Data Science from Mr. Haider and other faculty members. Thanks for this!
This is a solid and detailed course on getting yourself started with the very basics of data science.
Great introduction to Data sciences. I am super excited for the remaining courses in this certificate
It is a very good course to begin Data Sciences career as well as to return or revise key fundamental
Provided great insight about what is data science and what to expect .It was good Introductory course
A great introductory course explaining what Data Science is and what some possible usages for it are.
I found the way of moving forward with real life examples and applications of data science very nice.
I really love every bit of it. It's quite engaging and educating. Believe me, u can't sleep in class.
It was the great learning for me. Knowing more for about Data Science and Data Scientist was awesome.
Excellent introductory course to Data Science! Well presented and satisfactory supplementary reading!
A great introduction to a particularly vast subject. Loved the way in which the material was provided
Very good course for Data Science Orientation. It is general knowledge on what data science is today.
The intro course was very clear and i now have a better picture about what Data Science is all about.
Great introductory course. Assignments are mostly reading comprehension questions during this course.
Course Information is very well structured for beginners. Well explained and Thanks for your support.
Very Insightful and totally a knowledge load. Thanks Coursera for the opportunity to teach the world.
This was a good introduction to the topic. I especially appreciated the links to all of the readings.
I am new in data science and this course is just perfect to show me the big picture of data science.
I am very happy learn and introduced to new world data science ,it  motivated me towards learn more.
I so much appreciate the instructors. I got to understand what Data Science is all about. Thank you.
Awesome study material i don't even realised that i am studying, learnt alot of things just for fun.
Really Great learning course. Very Insightful. I hope this would help me to boost my career options.
This is a very basic course on data science. The contents are well decorated any easy to understand.
Good insight about data science, data scientists, career and  recruiting and future of data science.
I love this course outline. I learned each and everything about the data science and data scientist.
Excellent for beginning with Data Science.Just an introduction but makes significant to get started.
This course a brief introduction about what is data science and what exactly the data scientists do.
A great introductory course of Data Science. I'm excited to continue learning more about the field ~
Well designed, easy transition between topics, Technical details presented in clear, concise manner.
really awesome learning by joining this course. I get know about hadoop and data mining and big data
It is really thorough and clearly defines the roles and expectations of a Data Science professional.
It provides a concrete introduction of what data science is and what it means to be a data scientist
A really good introduction, not too daunting even for someone with no data science knowledge at all.
The views of different people and their explanation about data science in a nut shell...is EXCELLENT
Nice, but in the Reading parts, instead of story telling example, tabulated examples will be better.
Very useful and gives you a lot of information you will extremely need in your data science journey.
Great course that give us an general and important view of Data Science and the Data Scientist work.
Didn't know that data was use in a broad spectrum, this course was very informational and enjoyable.
Very clear about the industry introduction. It is very helpful for me who have no background at all.
Nice intro to frame your expectations and ideas of what data science is and who data scientists are.
A comprehensive introduction to data science. Helps to quickly grasp what data science is all about.
This course helps in gaining a high level understanding of what is data science. Thank you coursera.
Taught me basics in what Data Science is before getting deep into the topic in the next few classes.
Superb Course for people who know very little about Data Science, like me. I absolutely recommend it
You acquire the needed knowledge to know what is data science and what's involved! 100% recommended
Good way to introduce new students to Data Science.It would be nice to see some practical examples.
The course content is very clear and to the point. Thank you very much for making learning so easy.
It's a very helpful course for me to learn about the data science! I'll recommend it to my friends!
Very interesting course which allows you to acknowledge the context and the purpose of data science
A great introduction to data science. You will learn what should you do to become a data scientist.
A very nice introductory course to know about the dynamics and business perspective of data science
Good introduction for people knows little about data science! Comprehensive and easy to understand!
I was very informative and useful for new learners . I have learned many new things in this course.
It's a good start with data science. You will have a full understanding of what data scientists do.
Very informative introductory course to Data Science, easy to understand, and smooth to go through.
For a Beginner who has no idea as to what data science is, this is a great course to start of with.
It provides an overview of Data Science. It really helped me frame the definition of Data Science.
A great course to get to know what Data Science is what all we do when we become a data scientist.
This is an amazing course. I am pretty excited about what data science is...! Love u lots team IBM
Wonderful course to know what is data science and what you need to be a successful data scientist.
Great course with detailed information. The exercise is fun and gets to the point of the lecturer.
This is course that intodruces and enlightens you on data science. A very interesting one at that.
Super and in-depth introduction to data science with great material to download for further study.
This course was very comprehensive and provided detailed fundamental knowledge about data science.
It was a great introduction in terms of explaining what does exactly means being a data scientist.
Great course for those who have basic knowledge about data science and what a data scientist does.
A very good introductory course that brings us a bit more of the fact tasks of a data science job.
Thank You Coursera for such a wonderful and informative course on Data Science,really appreciated.
Very useful course for absolute beginners. It starts from scratch and goes very well till the end.
Easy description of every term. Professors are great. Its is the best place to start Data Science.
Great explanation! This course can really be taken by anyone that has no experience in this field.
I gained a greater appreciation for the data science field by completing this introductory course.
That course boosted up my insights about Data Science, Machine Learning and Deep Learning. Thanks.
Good start point for everyone looking for basic knowledge about this (not so!) new emerging field.
excellent, especially the combination of many different opinions and views from divered background
That was good experinces on this course. if you have goal  dont stop keepin going  you can do it.
The course is so interesting, my passion for Data Science has increased after taking this course.
A great course which helps me lot to know what things to do to become a successful data scientist
Love this course. Thanks to Coursera and the Big Data University for curating this course for us.
The course give practical application detail of data science and the practical role of scientist.
it's really like help to  enhance of knowledge of data science. data science is very good course.
Perfect explanation of Data Science and other processes which is used in data science by experts.
Good introductory set of courses that describe in a general way the main concepts of data science
The course was extremely good. Eagerly looking forward for the next course in the specialization.
User Friendly UI, Intuitive Course, good for home learner while the world is asking stay at home.
The course is nice and gives you a brief introduction to Data Science hats off to the professors!
The introductory course was very useful! It helped a lot in making my mind to study data science.
Course is very helpful to understand the Data Science from basic who are new to the Data Science.
This course gives you a short, comprehensible overview of data science.Great introductory course!
Great introduction to what people doing data science think data science actually is and requires.
Great course, bringing the definitions in an easy way and make it clear to follow and understand.
Good for beginners and professionals both. Their way of explaining is like cheery on the cake...!
I enjoyed this introduction, it was inclusive of any background that wants to learn data science.
I have to learn data science and i have awesome experience with by coursera and authorized by IBM
I like the readings and videos of many data science professionals and the experience they shared.
Very informative for the beginners and thoroughly explained by the team. Well Done ! Loved it :)
Gives you a good first understanding of what data science is and what data scientists are doing.
it was really helpful and covered major components someone needs in order to start data science.
As an introduction it is very useful to understand what is Data Science and where it can be used
This was an amazing course. To begin the journey of data science I think this is quite relaxing.
Full of information, thanks to Coursera and IBM for presenting such a marvellous course with us.
I enjoyed taking this course. This is great for those who want to get started with data science!
I liked the course so much. It was great learning data science from the most experienced people.
Wonderful course, you manage to have a very broad overview of what the world of data sciencie is
Excellent view of Data Science and its future. Thank you Coursera for the wonderful opportunity.
It help to know about how a data science is more important for industries and future generations
It will create great interest towards data science and gives you basic knowledge of data science
Excellent introduction to Data Science. I loved the short talks from Prof Haider and Prof White.
Pretty basic intro. Easy to get through quickly. Provides proper definitions for rest of course.
Excellent introduction to Data Science with real life examples of applications and career paths.
Good for students in need. It is a better platform to change the world by sharing the knowledge.
Thank you IBM and Coursera for wonderful certificate, I had learned new things from this course.
This course helps us to understand the need for data science and why choose data science career.
This course is help me to understand the field of data science and its importance in businesses.
A brilliant start for a layman to know about data science and its utility in contemporary times.
A good course gives you insight about how data science works and what data scientist actually do
The best Data Science course!!! All you need to do is put in a little effort and enjoy the ride.
5 Stars from me. Really good introduction to Data Science. Was well worth the effort to complete
This course is an orientation for data science, it's for people who wonder what is data science?
Gives an overview about what is expected from Data Scientist and what Data Science is all about.
It is a great course. It was able to teach me important introductory notions about data science.
Was good learning spl, if you are looking to build from your anlaytics skills into data science.
It helps a lot to understand the concept of data science and what exactly data scientists does.
It was a nice introduction course and I feel that I understood the main concepts on the matter.
I think this course is worth it if you are newcomer, wanna get some insights into data science.
Training materials where very clear and efficient describing about introduction to data science
it was a great experience learning "What is data science".The modules were so nicely presented.
Thank you for giving these opportunity. this gave me the hope to begin my data science journey.
Excellent course for beginner! Before dive into ocean of Data Science please take these course.
The course was really good and things were explained in an easy-to-understand and lucid manner.
Very clear clarification has been given in each and every topic regarding what is data science.
This Course made me clear some points regarding Data Science.Thankyou so much #IBM & #Coursera.
Great introduction to Data Science and the various roles (and backgrounds) of a Data Scientist.
Course is taught by experienced professional who gives hand on real-life scenario. excellent..!
Great Course for all the beginners to understand the Data , Analyze, Communicate and to report.
Good introduction with interviews to what data science is about and how can start becoming one.
Everything is very clear, concrete with very specific concepts while you go through the course.
Very useful introduction to the topic of Data Science and what it means to be a data scientist.
I really liked and enjoyed the learning because the way you have set the learning is excellent.
The best learning platform I have ever come through Learning things never seems that much easy.
It's amazing and full of fun introduction course about Data Science! Thanks, Coursera and IBM!
Well, One down, 8 courses to go! I am curious about the next course "Tools for data Sciences"?
it was a very detailed course filled with so much knowledge and information about data science
Must do if you are interested in Data Science or planning to select this field as your career.
This course is very helpful especially for beginners. I will definitely recommend this course.
Excellent explanation of every concept. Quiz and Reading materials make them further valuable.
I am very happy with completion of this course and looking forward to do more on data science.
This course make me learn with curiosity and i am very interested to learn. Thank you sir/mam.
Good explainations from authors and really looking forward to experience the upcoming courses.
this course is really great. All videos and reading materials are of great help. thanks a lot.
Excellent. I was not aware about what is data science. Now my concepts are getting more clear.
IBM offers the BEST online courses! Keeps you motivated and the videos are very informational.
An excellent overview of the basics of data science, its components and importance in society.
Very good introduction to Data Science. They did a very good job explaining each aspect of it.
Amazing!! Loved the course.Good course for someone who want to get an idea about Data Science.
Nothing to say, good  explain for data science, but use too much time, I think blog is better.
It was a good start to understand what is data science. I eager to learn more about that. Tks.
this course help you know the basics of Data science it's very helpful thanks IBM and Coursera
I loved the course as it gave me a complete outlook of what is data science?And how to use it.
I think it is an excellent introductory information about the field and scope of data science.
This course does its job excellently to introducing data science to beginners in data science.
Lots of information about DS. Useful infromation. And very good course for absolute beginners.
This course enables new learners on the concept of Data Science. Great one to start with :) !!
It was great learning with IBM. All the instructors made learning stuff simple to understand.
Loved this course. Gives over the top in-depth knowledge on data science and data scientists.
This course is first step in Data science world and give me more vibes of data science fields
This course has given me a better idea of what Data Science is how I can fit into this field.
A great overview of what data science is and what it takes to develop skills in data science.
it is great course and really helpful. I am so exciting to go forward with this certification
Amazing and highly detailed course. Great guide for those strating in the Data Science field.
Such a fun start to this certificate. Definitely made me excited to learn about data science.
Great introduction. Really motivates you to go into the field if you were already interested.
Clear introduction into Data Science and it's applications/examples. well done and thank you.
This course gives a great overview of the field and really motivated me to continue learning.
awesome introduction! i would want to know more about data science after such an introduction
It is a very good start to enter the world of data science,it encourages you to move forward.
An interesting introductory course to get your head around the possibilities of Data Science.
I'm really happy that after completing this course, I get an introduction to the data science
Thank very much for introducing such an amazing course which ignited my learning skill again.
This course gives me a detailed understanding of data science and the basics of data science.
This course helped me to improve my understanding of data science definition and application.
This course is really cool. It gives you insight about what data science is all really about.
This course offers a great intro to data science for those who are unfamiliar with the field.
I enjoyed the course module and the way presentations and readings are aligned to each other.
Excellent introduction to the scope and domain of data science, especially for the beginners.
very manageable introduction class to this topic. looking forward to the rest of this series.
Interesting course materials. One should take this course before stepping in to Data Science.
Good and brief introduction to Data Science. You can do the course in just a couple of days.
Interesting introduction to data science. Good to realize if Data Science is for you or not.
Overall extremely informative and inspiring experience.Thank You Coursera and Thank You IBM.
Wonderful, easy to understand, and interactive videos! Thoroughly enjoyed and understood it.
A very good introductory course in the field of Data Science. I enjoyed pursuing the course.
Really liked this course and l know is a great start to become a data scientist in my field.
Very informative! I am excited about all the possibilities that this certificate will offer.
It helped me to get a basic understanding of the field data science and other nuances to it.
Cleared my concepts about what data science really is. Going to complete full series now. :)
excellent start for Data Science Aspirant, become a foundation stone for data science career
Best course for Beginners to know what is Data Science. Thanks to IBM and Coursera for this.
This course gives you broad overview of what Data Science is. It's very useful for a novice.
A very short but superb course, concepts were defined so easily and in easiest way possible.
Great Course. I enjoyed learning and most of all the I like the quiz part. It help us a lot.
i loved to see such a nice course on the data science introduction part. Thanks to coursera.
This course talks about why you need Data Science and what is your role as a Data Scientist.
Great content (readings and videos). It really provides a good introduction to Data Science.
Very informative and insightful. Equips us with very much needed explanations and knowledge.
It is amazing beginning to Data Science. Very motivating and driving to complete the course.
Great way to learn. Topics are arranged such a simple way and explain brief and to the point
Very good quality, instructive and engaging videos. I'm hooked now! Can't wait for the rest!
Gave me a great insight towards the field, scope and applications of data science on a whole
Great! I loved it. It is an excellent introduction and it gives motivation for going forward
It gives to well framed introduction to new candidates like me to the world of data science.
Thank you very much for this course! I am going to continue learning with next IBM courses.
A very good course. Data science has been explained in a very concise and effective manner.
Very informative videos. Also the readings with data and survey results were quite helpful.
A very balanced foundation course for those interested in understanding the basic concepts.
Fantastic teaching style. Interesting to learn. Easiest way of giving test and assignments.
Easy-to-follow course with interesting video, relevant reading, and practical applications.
Fashinating: see real people is useful, as well as real professor talking about their path.
Great class, very well informs what is data science and its ramifications, congratulations.
it was a very insightful program .i would surely love to get my hands deeper in this field.
Great Introduction into Data Science which makes the student excited and yearning for more.
This is one of the best starter when someone is looking for a introduction for Data Science
A great platform that introduces beginners on What is Data Science with real time examples.
this course is really cool and allowed me to clarify some points about what data science is
Nice to get the basic idea of data science. Recommended for those who are new to the field.
very knowledgeable Videos and reading lessons will give you a deep insight of Data science.
Very nice course, Explains in practical way what Data Science is and What Data Sciences do.
Best course as an introductry ,Data Scientists Sharing their Experiance in really cool way.
TBH It is Great Course. Inspires to pursue Data Science. One of the best Course on Coursera
its a best introductory data science course for the people who absolutely new to this field
Interesting and engaging content.  Helped me develop clear goals for my own learning needs.
Nice Introduction to Data science. Clear and crisp contents. Very engaging and informative.
This course is reaslly appreciable and very good for one who is going to pursue this career
The first course is a wonderful step to learn and understand what DATA SCIENCE actually is.
This course provided a great overview about data science and career paths within the field.
Great introduction to the field and what we will be learning throughout the specialization.
Very good introduction course! Help a lot in understanding the big picture of data science.
It gives a very first impression about what data science is and what a data scientist does.
Awesome learning !!! Thanks Coursera... Will definitely suggest the same to my colleagues..
Excellent course, designed for beginners who are willing to get their hands dirty and code!
Great overview of what a data scientist does and how the great world of data science works!
This course is great. I hope more contents can be made on introducing what data science is.
Eye-opening course for Data Science. Finally, I'm able to understand what is Data Science.
This course was really impressive and inspiring. gives a brief insight about data science.
Its an excellent take on the basic understanding of data science. the best starting point.
It provides a very good introduction on what Data Science is and what a Data Scientist do!
This course was amazing. I learn many more things from Industry export about Data Science.
Super informative introduction course on what Data Science is and who are Data Scientists.
Very informative with instructors and personalities that were engaging and easy to follow.
This is an excellent course which will surely help you to develop and enhance your skills.
It gave a very good understanding on the fundamental knowledge about 5WH for data science.
I find the course quit thorough on the general content of data science and its importance.
This course is the best course to start your career in Data Science, Thanks Coursera & IBM
Great start to understand data scientists and the capabilities one needs to be a good one.
Great course for starting data science. Everything is basic and explained in layman terms.
Insightful - a very clear and simple introduction into what data science is actually about
It is a very good introductory course for Data Science. I will recommend this to everyone.
Well produced video with quality content.  Serves as a great introduction to data science.
Great Course... Covered all theory part about basics of Data Science & its applications...
Very Informative introduction, and a different and practical perspective for Data Science.
Great course, cleared up many things for me and help to start set my goals in data science
Great intro into data science and what it means to be a data scientist.  Very encouraging!
A great introductory course. It definitely encourage you to keep learning about the topic.
It's a very good course to get the introduction to data science and what data scientist do
Amazing course I really enjoy it!I think it is perfect start for me in Data Science field.
This class was a great introduction to data science and its applications and significance.
This course really simplified what data science is all about. And incredible introduction!
This course was explained pretty well. Easy to understand for a newbie like me. Great job!
Very Good Course.I would like to thank the lecturers.I also want to thank (Coursera- IBM).
Soft intro. Loved it. Particularly enjoyed the use of Watson to round it out. A+ to Polong
I like it. It has really good content for people introduce themselves to the Data Science.
Good to understand about Data Science, I am really satisfied after completing that course.
Interesting and concise information about data science.  A great introduction to the area.
Good for getting information about Data science and checking if it is what you need or not
A great course that made me for once assimilate the what's data science once and for all.
Very good introduction to learn about basic concepts and state-of-art of this discipline.
This course provided me with the thorough introduction and understanding of this subject.
That is a nice course that explains the psychological bedrock foundation of Data Science.
Great short version to understand what is a data scientist and what is required to be one
Interesting course! It provides several important definitions to become a data scientist.
Great course very easy to follow for someone who isn't really familiar with data science.
This is a great course for people who are thinking to start their career in data science.
A very good introduction to data science.I recommend if you are a fresher this is better.
Excellent course to learn the Introduction to Data Science and gave Crystal clear clarity
I have learnt the insights about what exactly the data science and data scientists does..
its one of the global ruling course that everyone must key into for the future lies in it
I just love this apt presentation of where I desire to be working a few months from today
Thanks to "IBM" & "Coursera" for providing such a glorious opportunity to enhance skills.
well detailed introduction to data science.Anybody will get into the base of the subject.
Great intro to Data Science.  Can't wait to get started with the technical aspects of it.
This course is very objective and helps you undestand the basics of what is data science.
It has been a wonderful learning so far!My curiosity to learn Data science has increased.
Awsome course!I am beginner in this field and they gave a lot of knowledge in this course
I got a great deal of information with regards to data science and being a data scientist
The best introductory course for data science. It gained my curiosity about data science.
Great introduction to data science (no practical learning but great theoretical contexts)
A systematic and methodical introduction to Data Science. Instills confidence in students
Good for those who have no idea of Data Science or Scientists, but are eager to find out!
Perfect Course, it makes you understand very well what is data science and where it comes
It was very much informative and easy to understand which made me score 100% in the quiz.
The explanation given by professionals was good and content to learn basics was also good
Great overview and introduction for beginners with little to no experience in this field.
Well organised, Good instructors - apt study materials - make learning a happy experience
I am very thankful to coursera first and then to the mentor who helped me in this course.
Excellent course. Gives you all the information for starting your career in Data Science.
Course videos and material are very good enough to understand the basics of Data Science.
Highly beneficial and useful fundamental knowledge and basic information on Data Science
Wonderful course design and material. Easily understandable. Thanks to Coursera and IBM.
Interesting video with qualified experts, useful readings. Very good entry level course.
It is a very interesting introduction to Data Science and what's to be a Data Scientist.
A very well organised course, perfect to get a first feel of the Data Science enviroment
Great course for anyone entering the field of Data Science. Motivates them to learn more
This is very excellent course which thought me a lot about Data Science and its Overview
Very nice way of teaching, applying different forms like using videos, readings, test :)
Exceptional! I got my first feel of data science thanks to Coursera for the eye opening.
Loved the course it gives you the big idea behind the data science in a very simple way.
Great explanations right in week 1. The IBM Watson project was very interesting as well.
A very good starting introduction that helps newbies to discover the data science world!
Introduction is always good to go with so as things in upcoming weeks will be more clear
Nice Explanation by the Trainers and Easy to Learn the Fundamentals of the Data Science.
I studied data science when I was in uni, but I still learned a lot more in this course.
I have gained an exposure and the findings that are required to become a data scientist.
Thanks. The course is a good beginning for the one who wants to become a data scientist.
I love how the speakers in video explain about data science and share their experiences.
Excellent to understand what is data science and have a global vision about the subject.
This course will let you know how data science evolved through different period of time.
Its Really awesome. I got many ideas from this.I am really thankful to IBM and Coursera.
It is a very informative course with full of industry insiders' experience in contents.
Great Course. Teaches the basic knowledge of Learning Data Science and it's application
finest course to get interacted with before initiating course for better understanding.
Very good course and well organized...loved it gives me a lot of information and ideas.
Very good introduction to understand the Data Science envirollment and its importance!.
Awesome video presentations. So easy to understand and materials are great. Thanks IBM!
Great introduction to data science, I will continue with the rest of the specialisation
good course for gaining the optimum knowledge about what the data science stands for...
yeah I highly recommend this course to everyone who wants to do career in data science.
Very helpful course for someone who is just getting to know the basics of Data Science!
Excellent designed for new to Data Science . Very simple language and nice explanation.
Learned what data science is ! Learned a lot, but would like to know how to apply them!
It was amazing journey of learning. Specially the valuable words of Sir Murtaza Haider.
Thank you so much for to Coursera for offering the platform in order to do this course.
Good experience with Data science and many more related to Data science ...Good journey
Good introduction to what data science is about, how to get in, things to keep in mind!
It is easy to understand and contains training videos from experienced data scientists.
A very helpful course for beginners like me to understand what exactly is data science.
Really enjoyed the course! It helped be gain a fresh insight into what is data science.
Very fundamental course. Easy to understand definitions with a good number of examples.
This is a good course with the information that will be helpful further down the field.
Great Course Offered By IBMSimply Great Achievement and Enhance Learning Opportunities.
Awesome course... The Instructors were very knowledgeable... I got everything easily...
Good high-level overview; easy to watch videos and complete the assignments on the app.
Great introductory course.  Video's and reading material were engaging and informative.
very excellent course , thanku to one and all instructors for imparting me good skill .
I am really happy with the course delivery and lab practice sessions. Worth the money!
It really covers the foundation of Data Science.The slicing of topics is to the point.
It was a wonderful course. I came to know about data science and the importance of it.
It was so helpful to understand what is data science and the explanation was the best.
The study was totally an eye opener and increased my passion for Data science analysis
Good course. This Introductory course wants learners to pursue career in data science.
Gives a complete introduction to data science. It also motivates you to study further.
Easy to follow, complete, interestingSome reading do not march with the current videos
Great course recommended to all those who want to pursue their career in Data Science.
Beautiful introduction with data Science bt the course. Everyone should do the course.
Excellent course & makes it very easy to understand what is data science is all about.
Very well arranged and systematic program.Highly informative and interesting lectures.
It's an interesting course but basic. Give us the general approach about data science.
one of the best courses in the field, made me start in data science as a piece of cake
I loved the videos and the tone of the entire course is very encouraging and positive.
Fantastic course that gives all the basic details needed to Move into the Data Science
Great Introductory course. Concepts were distilled in an easy to assimilate way. 10/10
its great experience. great knowledge with systematic learning from simple to complex.
Best Introduction To Data science, Understand every word that's being said or written.
Like this course is Deep Learning about Data Science & Data Scientist. Informative one
It is a very good course. It motivates me to continue with the othes in this programme
You can't proceed with the intricate stuff without knowing what truly data-science is.
it was an amazing experience and very conceptual videos, the quiz was very informative
Great introduction to what Data Science is and how it can be used in the modern world.
The course is excellent!!!The instructors are very good at speaking, I liked it a lot.
This course is best for anyone who is ready to kickstart their career in Data Science.
Very informative and helpful. I learned quite a bit and plan on continuing the series.
Good summary of what is Data Science by experts in the field, educators, and students.
Great Course! I am a beginner in this field & now I feel comfortable to talk about it.
Great overview that is not too technical,gets you motivated for the rest of the course
I would advise making the quizzes more difficult to attract really motivated students.
I learned what is Data Science, why is it important, and how to do a complete report.
i hope that everything that i learned in this course could be usefull in the future:)
Excellent interviews with real subject matter experts rather than "celebrity pundits"
the course was very informative and got to the point with out overloading information
There is no doubt that Coursera is one of the extraordinary learning online platform.
This course can be termed as a satisfactory deliverable in the field of data science.
I was going to skip it, honest, i am glad i did not. It is an excellent introduction.
Course was very informative and gave a great  insight into the study of data science.
I recommend the course for everyone who wanna introduce in the world of Data Science.
Good in introducing the field of Data Science, in a way that everyone can understand.
Very easy. Do not be fooled, the next course in this certification program is harder.
The course content is amazing It helps to clear all my doubts related to Data Science
It was very informative. It will help me to understand about the data science career.
A great introduction to what data science is and what to expect in classwork to come.
This course was very helpful to me. I have learn many new things through this course.
creates basic understanding and motivation to be a data scientist. breaks many myths.
It was very intuitive and informative to watch. I feel even more interested about it.
Murtaza Haider is a gem. Phenomenal way of explaining advanced stuff in a simple way.
Easy to follow with basic pointers to get you started. No programming in this course.
Good course to generally understand outline of data science and being data scientist.
The course gave me idea of what Data Science is and how it is used in real problems.
This is quite good course on what is DS, why to become a DS, and how to become a DS.
The course is beginner friendly and very informative, Overall, I enjoyed the course.
Really good, it has the general ideas of Data Science, Big Data, Deep Learning, etc.
This course has motivated me to explore what data science is actually is. Thank you!
Excellent, provide good information about data science and career as data scientist.
A good introductory course for those iterested in starting a career in Data Science.
Very clearly explained  which cleared the fundamentals of Data science with examples
I am very happy and glad to learn what is data science before I get into the subject
what is data science is an awesome course which will help me to kick start my career
Great course to get a preliminar but comprehensive overview of what is Data Science.
Very pleased to understand the importance and uses of data in today's digital world.
Excellent Course! The one who is interested in Data Science should take this course.
this course is really nice for someone who need to developing skills in data science
This is a very beginner course but it is a good introductory course of data science.
Nice course to begin with to get an idea about Data Science and what to learn first.
For a formal understanding of data science and its applications , a very good course
Very useful induction into the Data Science and explanation, what a data science is.
Good introductory knowledge. You can also explain in a great way through animations.
Amazing course , got to know lot about the Data science and about the Data scientist
The best course to get started with Data Science who is completely new to this field
The video and readings in this course can answer any related queries to data science
This course was really helpful for understanding the basic concepts of data science.
A very good introductory course, to open your eyes about the area an its occupation.
This course was a wonderful introduction to Data Science.  I am glad that I took it.
this course giving me clear explanation of data science, data scientist & its path.
It really helped me understand what is data science and what a data scientist does.
This course provides in depth understanding and experienced views of professionals.
This course was really good, informative, and easy. Learned a lot from this course.
It was a great start for the person who don't have basic knowledge in data science.
Good start to understand Data science simple and example narration used to explain.
I love it!! I learned so much! it was so easy to understand and do the projects..!!
I really enjoyed learning this. Appreciate Coursera gave me financial aid for this.
Nice introductory course for everyone who would like to start learning data science
a well prepared course for beginners who wants to learn the basics of data science.
It was very good course learned a lot about data science through different examples
The course was really great and helped me to understand the basics of DATA SCIENCE.
All reading and video are amazing and open a new vision of data science in my mind.
It was a great experience learning data science by hearing such great personalities
A complete package for the beginners who want to know what Data Science exactly is.
Strong foundation to move ahead for the specialization courses! Thank you Coursera!
Great informational introductory course to what the field of Data Science is about.
This course have given an overall head way on how to launch my data science career.
Great introduction and insights to what data science is and what you can do with it
Course provided good overview Data Science and different use cases in the industry.
If you have lot of confusions about data science this course is highly recommended.
Great content and practical knowledge and experience from people across industries!
This is a good introduction course for someone who doesn't know about data science.
This course does a good job getting students excited about careers in Data Science.
Well done!  This has been a fantastic overview of data science and its application.
Fantastic Learning Experience, I felt I am fully virtually involved in this course.
I like this course metrical & Exercises are good and interesting to do more courses
excellent very informative, detailed and clear enough to understand for a beginner
Thank you for giving out study materials like this. Will refer this to my friends.
Amazing course to get started if you feel you might be interested in Data Science.
Great introductory course. Materials are laconic and easy to absorb. Thanks, guys!
So many concepts, presented in a compelling manner. Enjoyed working on the course.
It gives good introductions to data science and its potential to better our world.
I like this so much ,because this is the best e-learning platform I have ever seen
It was very good course. This course has cleared my all doubts about data science.
Enjoyed the content of the course as the instructors made understanding very easy.
Excellent course for beginners. It provides a solid foundation about data science.
Very important background information and good for overall view of what is to come
Excellent information, which creates interest to dive in further into the subject.
A very helpful course for those who are curious about data science. Thank you IBM.
Easy to learn and understand the concepts. Really enjoy the whole course. Must try
Great course for an intro into the discipline of Data Science. Highly recommended!
A great introductory course to give a rough idea about the basics of data science.
Very helpful introduction to a blooming area of technology ,that is, Data Science.
It was an amazing introduction to Data Science, what it means and what it implies.
The real-life cases in the videos are great. This course is practical and current.
Great course for beginners who want to pursue data science as their future career.
Great Experience from this Course!!!It gives fundamental ideas about Data Science.
Gives an amazing background information, which helped me to understand the basics!
Absolutely loved the intro course! Best way to introduce yourself to Data Science!
Best course for understanding what data science actually is  and their application
most enjoyable course, everything you need to know well presented and very concise
It is a good introduction to Data Science. Recomended if you want to start from 0.
Excellent, very completed course and a must-do for everyone learning data science
It is a great foundation course for the better understanding of the field itself.
I'm so enjoy able about the course, it makes motivate me to become data scientist
Great videos, great people and teachers and a great blend of quiz and assignments
Superb Course by IBM. Thanks so much, Coursera for providing such online courses.
Complete introduction to Data Science with an interesting business oriented view.
I really like the video lessons, a compact and powerful way to deliver knowledge.
its a good course for all data science student who have interested in this field.
very useful course for a beginner to get idea of data science and why it is used.
Th9is course has very helpful motivation for beginners from any field, any level.
Thanks to coursera for giving me this wonderful opportunity to gain my knowledge.
Really liked the course, a good  beginning for someone interested in data science
Clear and to the point information. Not tedious in work load. Easy to understand.
This introductory session gave me a good starting foundation for further studies.
Great and easily understandable concepts. Found very helpful  to go from scratch.
Great course for new people seeking to enter in Data Science field, recommend it.
It was very helpful and interesting, also the course was very easy to understand.
easy to navigate and good information flow, perfect for beginners in Data science
It is a very good course to help you build fundamebtal knowledge of Data science.
This course is very helpful when you started learning the basics of data science.
Its very helpful for the home maker person. Am appreciated the study in coursera.
This course gave me more impetus and clarity in building a career in Data Science
A good course for a beginner to know the power ,scope and future of data science.
Thanks to the respected instructors to teach me the fundamentals of Data Science.
I love each minute of this course. It gives a great introduction to data science.
It is very interesting, about experiences some other professionals of data, tools
"Boom!" - that's the sound of me rocket-launching my knowledge in data science :D
In this course you will get the basic to learn what is Data science (Level basic)
Great way to get started in Data Science, and to help others with their learning.
Fascinated with Murtaza Haider and Norman White. I love the format of the course.
What is Data Science Course is a great introduction in becoming a data scientist.
I was looking for a deeper meaning other than just code and stuff and this it it.
This is course gives a good and simple insight about the subject of Data Science.
Great introduction to Data Science and everything that it entails. Recommend it.
The course showed me all the aspects in a very clear way and I liked the course!
very simple and unique course thanks I have really learned a lot for this course
It is simply, well structured and straight to the point!5* curs, recommend 100%.
It was an amazing introduction to data science and the role of a data scientist.
great content..its very helpfull for me to exlpore the concepts of data science.
I understood clearly about data science and the many other fiedls connecting it.
Great introduction to data science which motivated me to study the topic further
This course Is awesome and it make a clear introduction to data science as well.
It was a great Course offered indeed. It covered all the basics of Data Science.
A good course to organize in one's head what are the basic ideas in Data Science
This course is a good introduction and I am looking forward for the next module.
This course has helped me understand all the related concepts about Data Science
Nice introduction to the world of data science. Yet it is hard to call a course.
This course has helped me to learn what is Data Science . Totally recommended :)
Is such a great course in order to beggining to understand what Data Science is.
Now I understand what is Data Science! It is a good course to start in this area
Good course and easy. Gives good understanding of what data science actually is.
Wonderful. Especially for beginners like me who needs the basics on data science
Pretty good (and not long) to understand the very basic aspects of Data Science.
Excellent startup material with precise information in audio visual text format.
This course was very helpful in describing what the data science field is about.
Great informational course to introduce newcomers into the world of data science
Great Introduction to Data Science with Career Talk from different professionals
This is really good course to get familiar with all the aspects of Data-Science.
IT was an interesting course. i learned a lot about Data Science in this Course.
i  learned more than I expected in this course.  the readings were most helpful.
Marvelous introduction course. Although the content is simple, it is impressive.
this is a really good introduction, sets the pace and gets straight to the point
Very informative and makes you want to seek more information about Data Science.
The course gives a good overview of how to deep dive into this data science path
THIS COURSE WAS EXCEPTIONAL , I HAVE GAINED ALOT OF KNOWLEDGE ABOUT DATA SCIENCE
Amazing Experience with all instructor. As beginner this course is best for me.
Incredible course for started carrier in Data Science. Amazing Experience here.
very good course. I like Mr Murtaza Hayder's storytelling way. really loved it.
This course is the most important for all those who want to learn data science.
Excelent fundamentals for those of us who are not related to Technology fields.
Amazing Course Mind Opening about What is real Data science really thanks alot.
Very Insightful :) I am able to kickstart my career goals towards Data Science.
I enjoy taking this course. Looking forward to the following content very much!
First of all the faculties are very good . Any fresher can easily learn from it
I found it very easy to understand with very good videos and reading materials.
Excellent course for beginners who want to step into the world of Data Science.
Great course, it set the foundations of my new quest in the data science world.
Its very nice course to introdeuce Data Science and its application.Thank you .
Great introduction for folks that have only heard of the term of "data science"
THANK YOU for this opportunity . Great Teachers and information . God Bless You
Well structured and well paced intro course. Good mix of video/print materials!
it is very helpful to me for my career, and i am so interested for next journey
A good introduction and overview of the expectations of the data science field.
It gives a very useful framework of what Data science is a how to approciate it
This course is recommended for beginners.and thank you for this amazing course.
Its a really good course for Data Analyst Aspirant.Thanks to coursera for this.
Very Valuable Course for Those Do not Have a Basic Knowledge of Data Science :)
Clear and crisp yet effectively explained what is data science and what is not.
Good straightforward introduction to the concept and ideas behind data science.
Very usefull to understand what a Data Scientist do and what is a Data Science.
Great intro into data science, even for someone without a technical background.
A simple and brief understanding about data science and role of data scientist.
Lovely introduction to what is exactly data science for a novice on this field.
Great beginning path for those of us who are looking to become data scientists!
Easy to follow and gives a wide vision of what Data Science is. Well explained.
Great start for beginners, very easy course, could be done in less than 3 days!
Great course for beginners to obtain a high level idea of what is data science
Very good course for beginners interested in learning more about data science.
Excellent content for anyone who wants to start their journey in data science.
Very good introduction. Gave complete perspective of landscape of Data Science
Excellent for beginners. Gives one a sound base for an entry into data science
Really a great introductory course which explains clearly what is data science
very nicely made course.. it is interactive and full of knowledge.  i loved it
I got a good basic overview about Data Science and the job of a Data Scientist
Course content is clear and precise - got clear understanding on Data science.
Very good and information course on introduction to data science and scientist
Extremely helpful for those who want to understand the basics of Data Science.
Excellent as except from IBM through coursera a Wonderful E-learning platform.
A wonderful course with nice sorts of discussions and a knowledgeble resources
A good informative course for absolute new comers to the world of Data Science
Excellent explanation and examples. Well understood the basics of Data Science
Thank you very much for giving me this opportunity. I love Murtaza Haider sir!
Great introductory material. Provides a clear scope of the data science field.
An excellent introduction to Data Science and what it entails as a profession.
A great course, i'm french and this course is really accessible for a stranger
It really teaches you what data science is. The purpose of data, and the 'why'
The course is well structured and helped me to clear the idea of Data Science.
Great course. Gave me the much need headstart to Data Science I so longed for.
I love the ability to work at my own pace. The course actually made you learn.
A good course if you are a beginner it gives enough information to start with.
Excellent Course!!  It Gives me the overall image for becoming data  Scientist
Thorough reading and getting review from other students seems to be quite good
Great flow of contents and topics covered for basic knowledge of Data Science.
This is the best introduction about the data science and data scientists role.
very interesting course for those who wants to enter the field of data science
A good introductory course for those who have no any ideas about data science.
Best initiative by IBM to teach peoples about amazing new fields. appreciated.
Excellent course for anyone considering of pursuing a career in data science.
Very informative! It gave me more confidence for learning about data science.
Good for the students who wants to improve the understanding of data science.
i  had a good experience learning this course.cant wait to  learn many more..
Excellent course for explaining data science from easy to understand approach
Easy to follow, in-depth, and great balance of reading, videos, and hands-on.
the course really helpful for the new student who wants to learn data science
I think this course was  the perfect level of information for an orientation.
Great course! Very complete introduction to Data Science and Data Scientists.
This is course its a great step to have a wide understanding of Data science.
It was really interesting. I most especially enjoyed the professor's stories.
It is best course for people who do not have any knwoledge about data science
Good general overview on what data science is and on what data scientists do.
Excellent Course very Informatics how to Start your Journey as a Data Science
Very thorough on the basics of data science and it's implication on the world
Good Structured course with highly interactive videos and learning materials.
Insightful, concise and engaging introduction into the world of data science.
All the terms explained were reall clear, good way to begin with Data Science
Challenging and yet easy to understand . I hope all the courses are the same.
Great Course, I have learned the basic background knowledge I wanted to know.
Excellent materials for explaining what data science and a data scientist is.
A very simple way to explain what is Data science. You can get the insight of
It was an essential introduction to Data Science, vast amount of information.
It covers the definition, the role, and skills needed in a Data Science role.
The ABC of Data Science. I would love to learn more after having this course.
Very informative videos and readings with relatable examples and explanations
This course is awesome !!! it give a detail knowledge of what is data science
Excellent introduction for those who want to begin in the Data Science field.
It was very new experience and looking forward to get enrolled in new courses
Great way to start learning something new !! Hopefully it should go smooth :)
Awesome that you give us the ability to learn and develop our skills further.
It was very exciting and useful, so i have won an overview about Data Science
Great course. Nice content of course.really help to guide about data science.
Great introduction to the subject. Very nice videos and a lot of information.
Very good course that gives you an insight of what data science is all about.
Overly simplistic, but good to give us a feeling of what we are getting into.
It has helped me to learn about new concepts that are useful in 21st Century
its really helpful introductory course for getting started with data-science
needed some practical information. how different industries use data science
Nice course , enjoyed it.....it gives you a detail overview of Data Science.
I need everyone who are beginners in data science to learn and go through it
helpful and very detailed information by professors. loved the experience :)
Such an amazing course. got to know a lot of information about data science.
A very complete and entertaining introduction to the world of data analysis.
Hepls me a lot to learn with very less number of doubts. Clear understanding
A great experience and learning to start with in the career of data science.
Very Comprehensive introductory course about Data Science for non- CS people
Nice introduction to data science and something to make you curious about it
Learned a lot of new things, instructors were superb and I loved this course
Very in-dept explanation of what data science is and what data scientist do!
Thanks a lot COURSERA and IBM of online videos and PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATE.
Well structured and has good info of how to start a career as data scientist
Gained the basic insights of data science and had fun while doing the course
Great Course and a good start in order to be part of the Data Science world.
Excellent to start in Data Science. Good videos and texts! Thanks, Coursera!
This was an informative and motivating initroduction course to Data Science.
A great course for beginners to understand the fundamentals of Data Science.
Gives detail knowledge on Data Science and whats the work of Data Scientist.
Very helpful in understanding the fundamentals of data science, recommended!
Thank you all  the Faculty Members for their wonderful teaching and guidance
The videos are very interesting and no-repetitive, super-engaging lecturers!
Easy to understand. Nothing technical though as this is introductory course.
It was interactive and helpful for those without any data science knowledge.
Hats off !! Impressive content and give you a brief Intro. of Data Science .
Very informative. It gives a bird's eye view of the Data Science profession.
This course gives a general idea about data science and the required skills.
Great content which provides in depth understanding of what is Data science?
Its actually a great course to get insight of what actually data science is!
Great Introductory Course. Good for perspective and generic fallacy busting.
Learned a lot- some of it was review- but review that was well communicated.
Course is very interesting and clear. It is very easy to navigate and learn.
great insight to those who dont know about data science and data scientists
Professor white inspired me a lot, and the introduction were exact on point
Good Course for a beginner to understand what is Data Science is all about.
Very good introduction, I liked a lot the activity of visual recognition VR
Great introduction and material. It's a very dynamic and engaging material.
Very insightful and well-rounded introduction to the world of data science.
It will very helpful course for those who started a career in data science.
Good intro to the topic. Clarifies what encompasses the data science field.
I enjoy how easy it is to navigate the website. The content is very useful.
To get started with data science , I think it is the best course to enroll.
It was great to get an introduction to data science from the practitioners!
An excellent and concise introduction to Data Science. Very helpful indeed!
Good Experience and all concept has been cleared about what is data science
Kudos to the Tutors I really enjoyed this lecture and looking to go further
Really enjoyed the course. Very easy to follow and well structured. Thanks.
The course was very helpful for introductory understanding of Data Science.
Very good videos being prepared to understand Data Science form the basics.
Great course for helping someone understand what Data Science is all about.
Great intro to the world of data science! Can't wait to complete the series
Good intro.  Touches on all introductory concepts at just the right amount.
Great course to get the basic understanding of data science, Thank you IBM!
It really interesting and we can study easily by online. Thank you Coursera
Great overview of data science and what a data science career could entail.
Great introductory course to Data Science, its techniques and applications.
I have enjoyed this course- a good introduction to data science. well done.
Interesting introductions that bring out my interest to learn Data Science!
Very good course for beginners to understand the concepts of data science.
This basic course is very useful for beginners to understand Data Science!
good course, to motivate the students to the introduction to data science.
I like how this shows the Introduction of the materials of Data Scientist.
Very useful course for introducing yourself into the field of data science
This course makes me understand the overview and detail of data scientist.
Good starting training to know a high-level explanation on Data Scientist.
one of the best course for a beginner to start learning about Data Science
Good course which provided enough fundamental information for entry level.
Great introductory course.  really just sets up what you will learn later.
Its a well configured course, interesting and the system is user friendly.
Its a good introductory about data science and what data scientist working
Really enjoyed this course. It was great as an introduction to this field.
Great introductory course for anyone aspiring to be future Data Scientist.
I really enjoyed the course and am looking forward to continuing to learn.
this course will be very helpful if someone is interested in data science.
A perfect start for those who are new or no prior knowledge about science.
It is very good course, i helped me lot to learn basic about data sceinece
Great course, gradual and understandable for both the beginner and expert.
Thank You IBM and Coursera for providing the nice course for data science.
the course is amazing, and it is a great start to know about data science.
This course helped me a lot for switching my career into the data science.
Thank you, for providing this course I learnt watson studio and ibm cloud.
It was a great tool to understand what is data science and data scientist.
Intriguing content, looking forward to next courses in this certification.
Great beginning course for anyone planning to start career in Data Science
EXCELLENT STARTING COURSE FOR BEGINNERS WHO WANT A CAREER IN DATA SCIENCE.
To the point in explaining what is Data Science is and what it deals with.
Well, it's cool. I like study on-line, and like to study the data science.
It's a great introductory course about data science and its applications.
Great course. I was able to understand what revolves around data science.
The course was very informative and got to learn alot. Thank you Coursera
this course will very helpful in my long learning journey of data science
Everyone who are intrested to become a data scientist must do this course
Involving, spot on and the best introduction to the study of Data Science
My first step in my career  is best !! Thanks  for the wonderful coursera
Thank you for this course. It was good start for the future achievements.
It was an exciting introduction to Data Science and I am glad I enrolled!
This is a great introduction to Data Science and who a Data Scientist is.
A good introduction and overview to understand data science in a nutshell
Exceptionally good course for beginners who aspire to be data scientists.
It is systematic and informative to start of the journey in data science.
Really clears all the doubts a person may have for pursuing Data Science.
Good option to get known with what is data science about. Really enjoyed!
Nice & Crisp Videos & Reading material.Glad that i opted for this course.
I have an insatiable hunger to study data science now. Thanks, I guess...
Beautifully curated course for the brief introduction about data science.
Very nice information and materials to learn and know about Data Science.
This course gives a great introduction to what data science is all about.
Great introduction, I definitely will try to learn more about the subject
It is a really good intro to get people excited and aware of Data Science
Beautifully built and very well explained course on What is Data Science.
Very good course, provide many chances to learn things one way or another
Very good introduction. It makes one excited to learn about data science.
Straight forward introduction that is engaging, informative and inspiring
Thanks for this course. I've got a deeper sense of what data science is.
Excellent Course with accurate details for any beginner level candidate.
Good Knowledge with Videos & some theory knowledge including assessment.
Very insightful and I got engrossed to this course from the first video.
This Course Is Must For The Aspirants who wants to become data scientist
After completing this course I have a good understanding of Data Science
Great introduction to what data scientists do, and the skills they need.
Really good for those who are totally new to the basics of data science.
Great content to put you ready and embark on a new data science journey!
Great introductory content! I thoroughly loved the interesting lectures.
good ,i learnt data science and a brief introduction about data science.
Usefull and valuable information to expand the spectrum of Data Science.
Comprehensive and interesting introduction to the world of data science.
Great overview of the concepts of data science and painless to complete.
For getting you into the Data Science World it is an excellent resource.
Through this course, one can gain significant insight into Data Science.
Good Introduction to understand a data scientist and data science scope.
Simple and very educative for someone without experience in data science
Very good course and I have recommended this course to my peers as well.
Give more details about data science and what can we do with it. Thanks!
you must enroll it to understanding data science with powerful influence
This course serves as an excellent introduction to what Data Science is.
the presentations and organization of the instructors is well commended.
Very informative and descriptive introduction to "What is Data Science?"
what a fantastic experience i have with this course.. i cant explain it.
An excellent introductory lesson for absolute beginners in Data science.
I linked who people from field were interviewed to provide real insights
The course was well framed and very easy understanding for the beginners
Fun introduction to data science and what to expect as a data scientist.
Very insightful and has good potential of enhancing my career interests.
I got the answers to the questions to start a new career in Data Science
The course answers the question posed in the title, What is Data Science
Starting off great. Providing me with all i need to know to get started!
Excellent intro and high level explanation of the field of Data Science.
Now i can explain that what is data science .it is pretty nice subject .
Some very interesting materials in the form of well put-together videos.
Very informative and great interviews. Excellent ways to introduce ideas
Great Introduction to Data Science, can't wait to see the next courses!
Was a great course to get know of what Data science is and get an idea.
The course is presented in such a way that one understands the content.
Good course to start with, gives a brief idea of basics of Data Science
this course was an introduction to data science , that may help you out
A clear introduction to all the people who wants to be a Data scientist
This is the best cource ever to understand the platform of data science
Good course to get an idea about what data scientists actually do ..!!!
A good introduction and start with data science for complete beginners.
Nice overall view through data science, interesting and easy to follow.
very good section ,present good material about the idea of data science
Great overall view of what data science is, and what data scientists do
Great Course. Serves as a background and creates interest in the field.
Great introductory course! Very insightful, interactive and motivating.
I am really grateful to coursera for giving me chance of such a course.
It shows verify your ID but i can't verify it to recieve my certificate
Great course!! Higth Quality in the videos and great content explaining
Great overview of what someone can expect in the field of data science.
This gave me good knowledge of what data science is and how can I start
This is an excellent introductory course to Data Science. I enjoyed it.
This is a great course that will empower my new career! Thank you all !
This course really help me to get started in the field of Data Science.
Good introduction for the data science area, for begginers and curious.
Great introduction to Data Scieince. I am very excited about the field.
Excellent introduction to the subject of data science. Very high-level.
It was great! I learned a lot from experts and professors in the field.
After this intro course, I am even more excited to study data analysis.
A very good introduction on data science and a really motivating course
Good for a person who want to learn about basic concept of Data Science
This is really best platform to learn, I am happy to join this course.
Well taught! All videos and assignments are very precise to the point.
Very informative module; I have learned the foundation of Data Science
Excellent course. Provided details about every aspect of data science.
worth learning through this. Very well explained and thank you so much
This was a well thought out introduction to the field of data science.
Very informational and a great introduction to anyone new to the field
The course provides a proper orientation to an aspiring data scientist
good to explore from initial stage i.e., from early stage of learning.
Great course, very insightful and a good introduction to Data science.
This course gives a very clear insight into the world of data science.
The course provides great insights and justifies its title very well!!
Very nice introduction to data science and importance of data science.
This is absolutely a brilliant way to learn about what is data science
Perfect starters for anyone thinking about jumping into Data Science !
A great introduction for someone who has no contact with data science.
Excellent introduction to Data Science! Dr. Haider videos are amazing.
My experience was great here. I have learned a lot about data science.
Great introductory put to set the right expectations for data science.
The videos and other materials are simple and excellent to comprehend.
It was an awesome experienceThe introduction to Data Science was great
Very insightful. Enjoyed the multiple perspectives from professionals.
It is a great introductory course for getting started in Data Science.
courser given new life to me I will search for the job on Data Science
Very informational and great to build a foundation around Data Science
Very good course to get a glimpse of Data Science and how it is useful
Good Foundation about what is data science and what data scientists do
The Course content was good and it gave me concept about data science.
Very good high level overview of what is means to be a data scientist.
It was very helpful course, giving you an overview about Data science.
The videos and reading were concise, clear, and straight-to-the-point!
Very simple, straightforward and logical. Also informative and useful.
Well Structured, nice examples and interviews. Thank you very much!!!
Very good overview of the field with relevant videos of practitionar.
Professional course, professional certificate and easy for beginners.
It was really nice to learn from scratch what is data science exactly
The course provides you with a useful introduction into data science.
fully experienced lectures and data scientist explaination is awesome
It was an  amazing  experiance and gain a lot of new things and idea.
The course was amazing!  will definitely recommend others to take it.
Very well formulated course to introduce data science to fresh minds.
The course is very good at giving a newbie insight into data science.
I learnt a lot from the course and appreciate the opportunity by IBM.
very good for begineers, who have no prior knowledge to data science.
It was clear and straight to the point, easy to understand and study.
Great Introduction to what is to be thought in the following courses.
I learn more on Data Science which increases my knowledge on Datasets
A very good introduction, diverse opinions and different backgrounds.
Loved it, would like some updates from the 2015 job prospects though.
Excellent. Learned what is data science and data scientist in detail.
I am a beginner in Data Science. It's a very good introduction class.
Gives perfect idea about what is data science and its related topics.
Good information for a new learner wanting to know about data science
A great introduction to data science for prospective data scientists!
Gives the basic introduction to Data Science and its associated tools
Thank you for making me well acquainted by the role of data scientist
some videos really make me have a new understanding of data scientist
Great insight with thought-provoking questions to explore the topics.
Well-explain the basics of what is data scientist and data scientist.
A full fledged course for getting a better foundation of data science
Provides a very nice first glance and introduction into Data Science.
Great introduction with real life examples the student can relate to.
Very interesting and illustrative course as an intro to Data Science!
Gives a comprehensive overview of data science found it very helpful
if you are passionate about data science then you are on right place
Why i can't move ahead before  as i think it is waste of time for me
Loved it. Very attractive video slides. Makes it easier to remember.
Great course for gaining useful and real insights into data science.
excellent course....and i learned lots of things through this course
Basic introduction to data science, helps understand basic concepts.
really informative.to the pointenjoyed the reading believe it or not
Exceptional content and very good organised structure of the course.
This course gave a good answer to about what is data science? to me.
GOOD LEARNING MATERIAL .I HAVE LEARNED LOT FROM THIS MATERIAL.THANKS
Now i feel pretty much confident regarding the data science concepts
There were a few videos with wrong subtitles. Otherwise, it is good.
Awesome time. Excellent plan and presentation of the course material
A very good course who would like to pursue a career in Data Science
Very informative and gives good insights about what is data science.
A concise and straight to the point foundational data science course
This course really got me excited about my data science career drive
Great opening course. Eases one into the what data science is about.
Very nicely structured course for beginners. Thanks Coursera and IBM
Course Narrators were very good and was very easy understand. Thanks
Easy to learn and so informative in delivering content to beginners.
Nice introduction for a beginner to understand what is Data Science.
It's good, gives me a detail view to start a career in Data Science.
A great introductory course on defining Data Science and what it is.
It's a very nice introductory course for an aspiring data scientist.
I love this course, I will become data scientist as soon as possible
It was really good learning into understanding what is Data Science.
Good introductory course into "what it means to be a data scientist"
A very good that help you to understand what really is Data Science.
More understand career path of Data Science and the right way to go.
It's just a basic overview so nothing to say much about this course.
Really helpful course who seeking for the knowledge and the success.
this course is explain everything To Intro for data Science , Thanks
Amazing content very clear and easy to learn, cant wait to move on!
It was an amazing course with well managed and brief course content
It is a great course and helps set the attitude of a data scientist
This is an excellent course to build the foundation of data science
A good introduction course which covers all aspect of Data Science.
Very well, formulated videos and questionnaires after each session.
This course was a good intro course to the world of data science!!!
A very good introduction to what Data Science is! Highly recommend.
I like the course arranged which is pretty concrete and structured.
Thank you very much for provided insights , that was really helpful
It was a very interesting course with a lot of Information to read.
Very simplified and explanatory breakdown to a beginner like myself
Good introductory course for people who interested in data science.
It is the ideal way to begin your learning curve with Data Science!
Very straightforward and easy to understand even for a beginner!!!!
Excellent course to get started in the fundamentals of data science
Excellent course to begin the journey in the field of Data Science.
IT WAS WONDERFUL COURSE  AND I HAD A GOOD EXPERIENCE WITH COURSERA.
The course gives an insightful overview of the field to a beginner.
Great course to know about Data Science, I recommend it to everyone
Thoroughly walk us through what is Data Science from the ground up.
Very useful introduction to really understand what data science is.
it's very useful and informative easy to access all online classes.
Not intimidating from someone who has ZERO Data Science background.
I like the format of this lesson. Videos with readings are helpful.
Very nice way to start my knowledge about Data and its applications
Just an introduction to what Data Science is, very basic but clear.
This course covers maximum aspects of Data Sci and its application.
that was good for introductory purpose and overview of data science
It was great material to get the actual definition of Data Science.
A very brief and good introduction of data science and data mining.
Very thorough and easy to understand even for a newbie like myself.
I took pleasure during my learning with all the supports proposed.
Course was finely crafted to get the introduction of Data science.
AFTER DOING THIS , YOU WILL UNDERSTAND WELL WHAT DATA SCIENCE IS .
Explains Each and everything really nicely , loved this IBM Course
Nice and easy to read, basic but necessary elements to get started
Super informative and great way to get my feet wet in data science
Good study material and examples provided for better understanding
Good information for a beginner to understand what data science is
very great and powerful insight in to the concepts in Data Science
Very good Introductory course. Instructor Dr. Murtaza is fantastic
THE INSTRUCTOR AND THE KNOWLEDGE PRESENTED IN THE VIDEO IS AWESOME
Was a well-designed course to develop an interest in data science.
Very helpful and insightful intro into the basics of Data Science.
it is a very nice course which helps to know what is data science.
Very interesting introductory course to the world of data science.
This course gives me a foundation to study the data science field.
This class helped me to understand the background of data science!
by this course i have learnt many things and gained much knowledge
An excellent theoretical course for the beginners in Data Science.
Great Course,Good for the ones taking first step to data Science:)
Very informative and good kickstart to a new world of Data Science
Lectures by the experts gave me a deep insight about Data Science.
this course gave a good introduction to the field of data science.
A very fascinating course which makes you want to learn even more.
Superb Course! Cleared my fundamental concepts of Data Science...!
Very good, basic knowledge about data science. Highly recommended.
This course helped me to get clarity about basics of Data Science
It gives complete detail about  data science which you must know.
Amazing introductory part of data science with practical examples
It was a well designed course with all the basics explained well.
I am so delightful about this course. I will continue to the end.
Excellent Course. Simply Amazing. Strongly recommend this course.
This was a good introductory course to the world of data science.
Really nice introduction course, very good. I enjoy it! Thank you
Good for beginners to learn more about the scope of data science.
I have learnt that data is very useful now a days and in future.s
This is an amazing course and nicely explained by all the mentors
This was a well-designed, enjoyable introduction to data science.
Very informative and educational. Great content! 6 stars out of 5
Awesome Course by IBM I wanted to apply for an internship at IBM.
A good course who want to learn basics of Data Science and Carrer
it was good,but I really wished to receive hardcopy certification
A very good introduction to Data Science, suitable for beginners.
Very good introduction to the nature of the data scientist's job.
Wonderful and informative course. Delighted to learn this course.
Nicely constructed, super easy to follow and assimilate learning.
Videos and pdfs were very helpful. The content is simple and apt.
Good pace, very informative (at a high level) regarding the topic
Surprisingly great course---Engaging, informative and insightful!
Nice start and it gets you motivated to go deeper in Data Science
nice content for learning data science even you are completly new
This a very good introductory course on the topic of Data Science
Interesting and simple introduction to the world of Data Science.
A good introduction to the course.Well formatted. I recommend it.
The introduction of data science is very clear and helpful to me.
A detailed and a very well explained introduction to data science
Great training, very interesting. The video are very good quality
Very good introduction to who want to get access to data science.
Fun and Beginner friendly! A great way to ease into data sciences
Nice, comprehensive and straight to the point. Good introduction.
Very well explained concepts through videos and live experiences.
This course provides a good introduction on what data science is.
Very good and detailed information about data science. Thank you!
Well appreciated work to introduce people into the field, thanks!
Great course. It give us an introduction to this amazing world!!!
Really good Course for understanding the basics of Data Science!
it is very excellent course  to to learn data science from basic
A brilliant course to get to know what data science actually is.
The Course was very helpful to get the insights on Data Science.
this course is very interesting i am very eager to cont learning
A excellent introduction to understand the scope of Data Science
I liked the interviews from experienced professionals very much.
This is a mind-opener for beginners in the data science journey.
This is awesome experience, this gives me motivation to move on.
Very well structured and insightful orientation on Data Science.
I liked the format.  It was informative and the pacing was good.
It's a great start in the field of data science with this course
perfect for beginners who want to learn data science from roots.
A very good introduction to the flow of what data scientists do.
Very good content and interesting to follow I really enjoyed it.
Good tutorials with an excellent overview of data science areas.
Excellent drafted course for basic understanding of Data Science
This is really great course to understand Data science in deep .
This course help me to explore about Data Science and give ideas
A great introduction to data science and being a data scientist.
very Informative. Learned a lot about the basics of data science
the course gave me great insight into the world of data science.
Good introduction with real time experience from data scientists
Nice introduction to the field and the work of a data scientist.
It was very helpful to have the first insight into data science.
Very well crafted course for beginners as well as practitioners.
I learned a lot, I feel prepared to move on to the next section.
Great content.  Easy to consume.  Very relatable to current work
It was an amazing experience for me. Loved the course very much.
The course content is very informative more than I had expected.
insightful and helpful for those trying to understand this field
Great Introduction to Data Science and Data Scientist Profession
It is the best course available online with amazing information.
I have finished the first Module but the course is great so far!
Easy introduction, not very technical, good for really beginners
A well-designed course. Helped me realize the REAL data science.
A good introduction to data science and what data scientists do.
Awesome now I know something about Data Science, Thanks Coursera
Thanking all the instructors for introducing me to Data Science.
Liked it a lot, gave me a great idea of what is the course about
Such a great course to introduce you to the data science field.
It's  very good course.Very useful to know abouyt data science.
Nice presentations, way of explanation is good. Overall Best!!!
This Course is very helpful to teaching me my favourite subject
Best contents for basic starting for the field of Data Science.
Excellent stepping stone for the dynamic world of data science.
This course will give complete introduction about data science.
A good theoretical introduction into the filed of Data Science!
It was a very good introductory course of a Data Science field.
Great contents! Great teachers! I enjoyed the course very much!
Very Good for Introduction and Building Passion to Data Science
Excellent Videos and Content , Very Interesting and Informative
Highly recommended to start you trip in the Data Science world.
great orientation programs .really helped me get a clear vision
Very informative and not dry. Kept me wanting to pay attention.
Great course. So interesting than I made it in 2 days in a row!
Great teaching! I really like the real-world examples throghout
It helps a lot to understand data sciences and data scientists.
Great course that makes start to understanding the data science
Good instructors, helped me to understand how data can be used.
wonderful start to the Data Science journey with many new stuff
Great introduction to data science and to the learning process.
Content was clear to understand and the course was informative.
Nice introductory course for getting started with Data Science.
Good introduction to the topic, creates interest and curiosity.
I liked this course a lot! Easy to follow and very interesting!
A nice introduction to Data Science and Data Scientist profile.
It's a nice introduction to those looking to explore this field
Great introductory course to provide insight into Data Science.
A great course for those who are completely new to data science
This course give me the basic understanding of the Data Science
Interesting introduction course into the realm of Data Science.
Solid introductory material on data science for the uninitiated
Excellent introductory course. Very informative and inspiring.
very helpful for beginner and the course curricular is updated
Like reading a good book... you want to learn more and more...
Good base in terms of definition and theory about data science
Very informative and details with examples are really helpful.
Great content with rich up dated knowledge about Data Science.
It made me confidant about pursuing data science as my career.
Very nicely timed and very easy to understand. Great Course :)
After taking this course, I'm more interested in Data Science.
it is an interesting course, that helps me a lot in my career.
It was very helpful. It gave me a great outlook of the career.
Excellent introductory course to Data Science. Easy to follow.
It is a great couse that let me know what is data science now.
Good to learn from early stage and I've explored  well myself.
Course work is awesome.I enjoyed learning every single lesson.
The course is very practical and understandable for beginners.
Coursea & IBM combines with a perfect blend of knowledge share
It provided a good insight into what Data Science is all about
Nice Course.But very basic information is given in this course
Really helpful and provides a clear and in-depth understanding
Nice Introductory course for motivation and why to get started
Received excellent knowledge about data science and techniques
It was a great course to start in the Data Science experience.
i'm happy to learned something new and understand the concepts
I have been perfectly introduced to data science from coursera
This course was very useful to understand what data science is
Very good understanding of the basics of what is Data Science.
Very Interesting and Knowledgeable. Thanks for this course! :)
Excellent course to introduce you to the world of data science
Was an excellent course. Explain all about Data Science field.
Good start for anyone that from outside of this field like me.
After this introductory course, I want to be a Data Scientist.
I very good introductory for begginer to dive in data science.
IT INSPIRED ME FOR THE DATA SCIENCE. GREAT COURSE FOR BEGINNER
A very clear introduction to a very intriguing subject matter.
It's a totally great course to learn and I had enjoyed al lot.
very good course for the beginners to step into data Science!!
It was a great introductory course to what data science means.
Very good course for understanding of data science background.
Very handy course materials provided along with video lectures
Thanks to IBM and coursera for giving such golden opportunity.
Excellent course, covering theoretical and practical concepts.
It's a soft introduction to a no technical in knowledge field.
Detailed but straightforward overview of data science. Thanks!
It is really very helful course to start with. Well explained.
A great introduction to the fascinating world of Data Science.
Provides an interesting overview of the world of data science.
it is a great introductory course to the field of data science
The course answers this very question - What is Data Science?
The best I had have about the introduction about data science
This is a great course for any beginner to learn data science
Quite informative and easy to understand with relevant quizes
Very nice explanation and good understanding of data science.
Insightful course with detailed introduction to data science.
Great course in helping understand the field of data science.
Great Course give you the basic knowledge of the Data Science
One of the best courses I have taken online. Very insightful!
Very helpful. It helped me gain the insights of data science.
The great course gave me a brief understanding of the Domain.
Great class to get some foundation knowledge on Data Science.
very helpful for beginners to understand the field thoroughly
Great for beginners if you want to know what data science is.
The course content is original, very engaging and interesting
It is an informative course, start data science from scratch.
Very Nice explanation and a piece of very useful information.
Easy to understand even though I am a newbie of data science.
One of the best experiences with this I got. Really valuable.
Good course for better understanding of what is data science.
great course... nice didactic. Thank you for the opportunity.
Excellent Course to Understand the Basic Data Science Concept
It is  very helpful for understanding what is data science...
Great course. Thanks to the mentors  for giving us the inputs
This is a great way to enter into the field of Data Sciences.
good! I got a thorough understanding of what Data Science is.
Awesome course to know about what data Science Actually is...
Excellent course for the beginners in the data science field.
I like the course, very interesting and explanation is simple
It is a really basic course, and makes me want to learn more!
This course was a great , the material is easy to understand.
Great Introduction to Start learning more about Data Science!
Short and informative . Just an intro though , but a good one
Great course for understanding what data science actually is.
It's Amazing course easy to understand the material ...thanks
awesome course ..very detailed  course about the data science
it's awesome. from first day i got many ideas on data science
Very educative course . Presentation is superb. Learnt basic.
A very good course to start with my path to machine learning.
The course is quite simple and easy to understand. Thank you!
Best Introductory course to getting started with Data Science
Great course! Dynamic, with great texts and very well built!
learns a lot from this course....Literally all are fantastic
have a such a wonderful experience by doing IBM DATA SCIENCE
A very good course to get yourself oriented with this field.
It helps me to understand what is data science. Very Useful.
It's quite GOOD actually . Highly recommended for beginners!
It was a wonderful experience on Coursera. Happy learning..!
Great course. Very good balance between theory and practice.
Great course to get a better understanding  of Data Science.
Good start for those who have keen interest in Data science.
Good orientation to data Science and what Data Scientists do
Crystal clear introduction towards a career in Data Science.
This really a good course for beginner in data science field
It is full of learning if you are beginner the data science.
Excellent course and loved the rhythm and structure of it :)
Great course - Thanks for making this available in Coursera.
Very easy and nice introduction course to start Data Science
had a very good experience working hands-on on the IBM cloud
All terms related to data science are explained very nicely.
Very complete and passionate intro to the field. Recommended
Very informative and easy to follow. Definitely recommended!
Fun and easy concepts for an introduction into Data Science.
Best course which provides great foundation of Data science.
A greatful experience in course 1, hope the same in course 2
Excellent and insightful introduction to data science basics
It's a good course to understand what data science is about.
The course is simple, straight to the point and interesting.
Its good course to know basic knowledge about "Data Science"
My concepts of Data Science are cleared through this course.
This was an awesome introduction  for Data science beginners
It gave a perfect introduction to the world of Data Science.
This course gave me better understanding about data science.
Very Easy to understand. Complex concepts made rather simple
Great Course! Now i know most everything about data science.
Peer review is really helpful as I feel like I am not alone.
Very easy for follow course for those without  IT background
Nice introduction and overview of the field of Data Science.
It was good and give brief knowledge about the data science
A very good explanation of the fundamentals of Data Science
Well structured and motivating to know more. Thank you all!
I nice and easy and attractive introduction to Data Science
Good Excellent Course For the Introduction of data Science.
Great course to start learning the concepts of Data Science
this is really amazing to learn from real life prescriptive
This is truly an amazing insight of data in today's World !
Easy, quick and vey basic like what is data science idealy.
Excellent course to get basic understanding on Data Science
The course is very useful and insightful for the beginners.
That was insane. Too much information. Thanks to everybody.
It was splendid improving my understanding of data science.
this course motivate user to come in this data driven world
One of the best course ever I have done and a good teacher.
this class excites me in taking the full course. cant wait!
The explanations are clear and lucid. Great one for basics.
this course is excellently helps me to nourishing my skills
provides a thorough understanding of what data science is..
Thank you for the informative introduction to Data Science.
Awesome explanation by instructors nice and good examples!!
Good course to gain your first knowledge about data science
Gives a very broad and meaningful vision about data science
I wish I knew this course before to get in the Data Science
It was a very good motivation for upcoming data scientists.
Best course for the introduction to the data science field.
good course for understanding what really data science is ?
Gives you basic knowledge of what actually data science is.
it's good to understand many applications of data science .
Very Informative and good collection of videos and readings
A great introductory course into the world of data science.
Good course for the know how of data science for beginners.
This course covers everything on Data Science in precision.
It's a great introduction to get people interested in more!
One of the best course for new comer in data science field.
great introductory course! looking forward to the others...
It really bring the Interest Inside me for the DataScience.
Really good course. Interesting and very easy to understand
This course all about the introduction part of data science
you will get to know about the hidden facts of data science
Serves the intended purpose.  I really enjoyed this course.
Awweesome!! Learnt a lot of new things whic never heard of.
A good rounded introduction to the subject of Data Science.
Good introduction and easy to follow examples. Good Work!!!
Very Descriptive, Quality Contents, Quizzes and Assignment.
Great Introductory course in to the world of  data science.
Overall, it was a great first experience with Data Science.
It was really good course to get started with Data Science.
Very nice Understanding of Building Blocks of data science.
It is a perfect course to understand basis of data science
I think IBM and Coursera did a great job by collaborating.
The topic that are covered in this course are interesting.
I've really learned a lot about data science introduction!
Excellent work for the beginner in the Data Science field.
It's an amazing course to start your Data Science journey.
great course to begin with, thank you all the contributors
It gave me the best foundational view I would ever get :-)
Excellent and easy learning for beginners in data science.
Gave me a great introduction to the world of data science!
Gives great framework and points into what data science is
Amazing and Wonderful Course of Data Science for Beginners
Very good course to know about the basics of data science.
Excellent and clear understanding of what Data Science is.
Very good and helpful for newcomers  in Data Science field
Really nice and simple course, very interactive, thank you
Very insightful introduction to the world of data science.
Gives a good initial understanding of the field in itself.
That was a great course to get informed about Data Science
eye opening and informative. thank you for the opportunity
The speakers made the course interesting and easy to learn
Excellent course for someone who wants to start from zero.
Brief and easy-to-understand introduction to data science.
Everything is well explained, basic and easy to understood
A multi-dimensional overview to the field of Data Science!
Great Understanding of Data Science. Well designed course.
its good for the beginner to know what is the data science
Good to know the background and usefulness of the subject.
A well rounder overview of data science and its prospects.
Gave a real nice overview of exactly what data science is.
It is a great study material with a friendly way to teach.
Great Materials and videos for Data Science introductions.
This course was a true orientation course in Data Science.
This is such a great class for understanding data science.
it is wonderfull ,  where we learn.."what is Data Science"
Good course to get to know about the field of Data Science
In this course have a lot of knowledge about data science.
Good examples to make us understand each and every concept
The course is good enough ,I have learnt a lot. Thank You!
The course material is very good. And it is easy to learn.
Clearly lays out what is data science in most simplest way
This course provides a great introduction to data science!
Gives you a clear idea about what data sciences deals with
Great content for people who want to start in data science
Good course to understand  Data science and Data scientist
very insighful can not wait to continue with my learning.
I appreciate your efforts . Thank you for the information
A great way of learning, i really enjoy a lot in coursera
Really good experience with introduction to data science.
Very Nice course to understand that what is data science?
Very informative from basics, a good start for beginners.
A very informative and good introduction to data science.
Good course for a people who interesting in data science.
Great course to get the basic idea of data science field.
Well designed and informative course. Highly recommended!
Very comprehensive and easy introduction to Data Science.
I really liked interviewing process and reading materials
A great starting points for an introduction to the topic.
This course gives a great notion of what Data Science is.
i have enjoyed this course and learned lots of new things
The course is really helpful who are new to data science.
Excellent introductory course about what is Data Science.
Learnt about what data science is and why its so exciting
Great introductory course into the World of Data Science!
Easy and Useful class as an introduction to data science.
Great starting point on a data science information quest.
Brief introduction covering every aspect of data science.
very good course to start your journey as data scientist.
It has opened a door to a fantastic and booming new world
I love the way data science was explained and motivated!
It is very interesting and informative course. I love it
Oh .what a joy of learning ! very well structured course
Great course, wonderful resources, thorough explanation!
nice course it clear basic understanding of data science
its clear my basic understanding of what is data science
Well structured and understandable materials. Thank you!
very wonderful course which is very interesting to learn
Good start to understanding Data Science for a beginner.
Thank you to understand how data works in our daily life
A good course. This is a good start to the Data Science.
Good course especially for beginners with zero knowledge
This course helps a lot to get awareness on Data Science
This is a very good introductory course to data science.
Great insight on Data Science! Can use at your own pace.
completely  cleared my doubts about what is data science
Great introduction to the data science and what it does!
Presented effortlessly, creating enthusiasm in learners.
Introduction for this section is key and very easy going
Very informational course. Great start to data science!!
I found this course super useful and easy to understand.
The course is awesome and  I have learned a lot from it.
Good course to everybody who make career in data science
An excellent introduction on whole area of Data Science.
Great explanation of jus what you are trying to get into
The introduction of data science is very well explained.
Great baseline course to better understand Data Science!
This course is awesomei getting many new things to learn
Excellent cause has a great introduction to the subject.
nice course to kick start ur journey as a data scientist
Though very basic, quite informative and well organized.
A great basic course for basic knowledge of data science
Good starting point to start the basics of Data Science!
Great course for understanding the basic of data science
Very enlightening not as far fetched as widely reported.
A great introduction towards understanding data science.
great course , very well detail for all type of users ..
Good course.Explained nicely the basics of Data Science.
I enjoyed the pacing of the course and engaging content.
It was very simple and elegant. Thank You for the Course
Great course. Lots of information and easy to understand
Good contents and brief understanding about Data Science
Its a nice experience to learn basics about Data Science
Really helpful for getting an insight into data science.
This course has given good understanding of Data science
Its good, really good way to interpretation data science
best tutor, with best examples. explanation is too good.
I liked the way of presentation of the material. Thanks!
It's very nice detailed introduction about Data Science.
this is so much fun.Thanks for providing such great idea
This a very good course with excellent quality content.
Thanks for letting me know on Overview of Data Science.
I gained the knowledge of OVER ALL VIEW OF DATA SCIENCE
Excellent Course with excellent and simple explanation.
What is data science is like to become a data scientist
The course is fantastically designed for the beginners.
A great and easy to grasp introduction to Data Science.
Excellent  course good concept with clear understanding
excellent course to learn what Data science actually is
This Course creates the Base for learning Data science.
That was a fabulous introductory course on Data Science
you will get to know all about data science foundations
extremely well designed introduction to basic concepts.
Best One to learn and explore the world with technology
Very informative and helped me appreciate Data Science.
Nice content for basic understanding about data science
Very well to understand the basic terms of data science
Not Focuses on the concept just gives a brief over view
Best ever introductory course on Data Sciences. Thanks!
All the basics are covered and topic is well explained.
its a good course to start your carrier in data science
Very good entry level course for defining Data Science.
am very new to online coursesi felt this course as boon
worth to study data science online and hone your skills
An excellent introduction to the topic of Data Science!
Great and simple introduction to the proceeding topics.
Pretty good information regarding what Data Science is.
It's a very Basic Course.  But it's really informative.
Exhaustive & informative introduction to Data Science.
Great course  with good practical examples and theory.
Great course, thank you IBM and all the course makers!
Excellent introduction into the world of Data Science.
well defined course for beginners and experienced both
This course is fantastic; I love everything about it .
It's a great course for the begginers in Data Science!
For a first brief overview about What Data Science is.
Excellent Course for Starters. Would recommend highly.
A very good initiative to provide skills to students .
Great course to get to understand what is data science
it's really help me to understand what is data science
It is easy to understand and learning is fun this way.
Awesome Experience. Thanks to everyone for this course
Very useful course to understand what data science is.
This course is excellent for beginners in data science
Very good understanding of data science for beginners.
its been great so far looking forward to learning more
Very helpful to know what exactly the data science is.
The course is very informative and easy to understand.
Excellent for provided for research paper for applied.
Nicely set-up. Enjoyed the videos by Professor Haider.
It is a very good introductory course for Data Science
Very interesting interviews and contents for beginners
Simple and clear explanation by experts , Thanks a lot
Not a good course. Not much information in the course.
Nice introduction and insights from experienced people
Great introductory course to the field of Data Science
Good Introduction of Data Science waiting for hands-on
Very Informative, with absolute clarity on the subject
A good introduction to all the ascepts of data science
Very complete introduction about what is data science.
Very good for those wants to learn about Data Science.
The course was very instructive, sincerest thanks! :)
Provides good intro and teaches how to make a report.
Great course to understand the basics of Data Science
Excellent course structure, videos and study material
Excellent course, easy to digest and well structured.
Excellent overview of the field that is data science.
It's good for newbie in data science, just like me...
A great introduction to data science and information!
Thank you Coursera and IBM for this great job for us.
Best Introductory Course you can find on Data Science
very good introduction for a beginner in data science
very informative course for data science introduction
fantastic course to learn data science from beginning
Informative and concise introduction to data science!
A detailed and friendly introduction to data science.
A very good course to gain an idea about Data Science
materials are very well structured! good instructors!
A great course for your first step into Data Science.
Very interesting even if you already know the basics.
Its a good first step to start learning data science.
Good content and interactive videos I like the course
Wonderful introduction on Data Science for beginners…
Great to know some basic knowledge about Data Science
Very relevant course as a introduction for the topic.
A life towards new beginning in new age of Technology
Great introduction of the concept about Data Science!
The course gives a nice general view of data science.
Best course to start of your journey in Data Science.
This starter is a great journey to start with, Thanks
Basic, but good overview of the field of Data Science
It is a good course for Introduction to data science.
Great introduction to a whole new career, in my case.
Learn a lot about the basics of Data Science. Great!!
It was very informative and quite easy to understand.
Very interesting and informative, highly reccomended.
Best for freshers , superb platform to grab knowledge
Well Structured & good quality content with examples.
Awesome course for someone who is new to Data Science
Best course for fresher to know what data science is!
An introductory course, but with a very rich content.
Detailed information has been provided, Great course.
Great introductory course on Data Science and beyond!
Amazing course. Got to know a lot about data science.
Excellent course to give an overview of data science.
Good introductory to Data Science and Data Scientist.
I like to learn by this platform and it useful for me
very good for learning and have practise after learn.
Amazing Coures.Good Explanation and Tests. Thanks!!!
Very useful Introduction course ! Keep it up, IBM ;)
This is definitely the way to introduce data science
Excelent work giving the fundamentals! Thanks a lot!
awesome course to learn new things in data science .
Very easy to learn and very helpful knowledge gained
Well described, dinamic, organized and nice to take!
A brief introduction and application of Data Science
Great information that Is relevant in today's world!
A very good starting point of a data science career.
Important about data science we can learn from these
the materials was awesome, I can follow it very well
Thank you all team. It is very useful for beginners.
A good basic introductory course about data science.
Very nice introduction in the field of data science!
Many thank for teaching me, so easy to understand :)
It is a good start. Short course but really helpful.
This course is excellent to enter data science area.
An excellent introductory course about Data Science.
Informative introduction that is easy to understand.
One of the best course for Data Science Introduction
Very interesting overview of the DataScience domain.
it's very much informative on theory of data science
I had belived that I can to become a data scientist.
It was very fun and very light to enter new science.
Very puntual, I think that is very important for us.
Clearly defines Data science, scope and application.
It's a great introduction of what Data Science means
Great Course to understand the field of Data Science
From this course, I understood what is data science.
Its awesome ,gives a overview what  data science is.
Excellent foundation course to get into Data Science
Great introductory course into what Data Science is.
This course was a good Introduction to data science.
The instructor is an authority of the subject matter
GOOD CLARITY ON UNDERSTANDING THE DATA SCIENCE ROLE.
Excellent introductory course to learn data science.
informative, insightful and motivating introduction!
Really great course to introduce you to Data Science
Very happy with all I have learnet. Good Professors.
Nice course to introduce Data Science to a beginner.
Excellent Introduction to the world of data science!
Provide comprehensive understanding of data science.
Excellent introduction to the field of data science.
you ca get the topclass basic information from here
Gathered a great experience while doing the course.
Gives very good information on what is data science
Great introduction, cant wait to continue learning.
Good course for someone to know about data science.
Such great and clear clarification of Data science.
Very good overall view which game me much clarity .
Superb course which I have completed since till now
it was a  nice course to introduce the data science
Full of information about data science. Thank you!!
Good submit, pls add more practical session to this
the learning experience at coursera was really good
It was really helpful to me understand basics of DS
This course is great to introduction to the future.
WOWW GOOD KNOWLWDGABLE COURCE THANKS COURSERA & IBM
Best and simple of introduction to the Data science
Excellent beginning for data science enthusiastic .
Very easy and interesting to go through this course
A very good foundation for the Data science series,
that was pretty good for a beginner in data science
Interesting Academical introduction to data science
It's great course to start for Data Science career.
I enjoyed this course till now. thanks to Coursera.
Data science is amazing, only for curious people :D
Very basic yet every data scientist should see this
An excellent way to start my data science journey!!
the course is good to start journey as data science
Good to know about Data Science and how it can help
Very good introduction to Data Science for a newbie
Excellent foundation for further learning and study
Excellent introduction and overview of data science
Excellent information who is new to Data Science...
Great course with good introduction to Data Science
lm loving this course well structured and organised
Informative content in line with course description
Great introductory level course, easy to comprehend
Good all-rouded introduction course to data science
Great Introduction to Data science. A good starting
Very useful to attract your interest to the subject
This course is a succinct overview of Data Science.
It was an deep dive into the world of data science
I have an open mind about the data science process
It was an amazing experience learning Data Science
Very understandable introduction to Data Science !
best course to kickstart a career in data science.
Excellent conceptual introduction to Data Science.
Very good theoritical introduction to data science
very good course, appropriate for college students
Well defined introductory section of data science.
Easy to follow, engaging. concise and informative.
Lays down a good basic understanding of the topic.
The best course of a introductory for data science
It was greatly put together and easy to understand
it's been a great opportunity to learn a new skill
Fantastic. Course covers all aspects for beginners
Great Course for understanding Basic Terminologies
Great Introductory course on Data science concepts
the way they teach the students is not attractive,
I enjoyed the content and the way it is explained.
A very good introductory course about data science
Excellent Class to start the field of Data Science
Really great , I recommend the course to my friend
Great course and very nice and catching vídeos! Fi
Excellent Faculty and a good intro to Data Science
it's the best introductory course to data science.
Introductory, simple, yet full of new information!
Excellent Method And Excellent Support, Thank you.
Excellente to begin to be familiar with the terms.
Great Course good explanations from the professors
great job at introducing the field of Data Science
Nice overview of different terms and good overview
A great starting point to the Data Science career!
i came to know practically what data science means
Good! I got a basic understanding of data science.
Excellent material and presented in proper way !!!
Just to know what data science and its aspect are.
Exactly what you need as an intro to data science.
Best course & best guidance from industry experts
It was my awesome beginning in data science .....
Excellent course for introduction to Data Science
Good start for Data Science. Interesting content.
Very helpful for me to know what is data science!
Good course to Start as a fresher in Data Science
Very informative and makes me wants to know more!
A little volume was required while the prof spoke
Great course, lots of good background information
good option to start the learning of data science
Even i was a initiated, i learned new things too!
Very informative and great intro to Data Science!
amazing learned a lot from the experience faculty
Basic Course to know the Insight of Data Science.
thanks this course is amazing thank you very much
Good course and glimpse into what Data Science is
Excellent videos, explanation & process followed.
awesome course give you the brief of data science
it's a good and interactive introductory course ,
Easy to understand materials and excellent videos
Great course, everything was explained perfectly.
it was a great learning experience. i enjoyed it.
it's good to gain good background of data science
NICE WELL AND GET GOOD KNOWLEDGE FROM THIS MODULE
Great course to learn the basics of data science!
link for IBM cloud doesn't work please check this
Everything was perfect and with understanding. :)
Good introduction to data science... I want more.
It is very beneficial for me and for any beginner
Very good explanations by various data scientists
Interesting readings and a good general overview.
its very interesting course, thanks coursera team
It was a good introduction to this excited field.
I could learn insights of data science thoroughly
A clear and concise introduction to Data Science.
Very well structured and explained for a beginner
Easy to digest. Friendly. God-send for beginners.
Excellent, Lovely, Simple, and easy to understand
It's a good first step to introduce Data Science!
Gives a good understanding of the subject matter.
precise,informative and makes us learn in no time
Great introduction to the Data Science ecosystem!
The excitement keeps building. I feels like home.
A good point of start to understand data science.
Very informational. Great speakers on the videos.
Very good course, I am pleased with the contents.
Good Course for joining no prerequisites needed.
Good introduction. to Data Science. Recommended.
best course for the introduction of data science
Great course, very well done and easy to follow.
Great opportunity thank you for all your efforts
The course make easy to understand the subjects.
Great introduction to data science for beginners
Its amazing course with full knowledge of basics
A very practical way to understand Data Science!
It helped reinforce my learning in data science!
Great introduction to the Data Science universe.
Quite simple with needed and relevant materials.
It is a great course for any beginner or expert.
Excellent course to start learning data science.
Nice general introduction into the Data Science!
An Excellent course. I will highly recomend this
Very great course, pls keep up the good job, IBM
Good introduction to a complex yet awesome world
First hand on coding, My best course ever taken.
This course opened my eyes to new possibilities.
A great starting point for data science overview
Finally I found my way up among all the courses!
Well-rounded intro to the field of Data Science.
This is extremely useful for a tech geek like me
Good intro into the subject, nothing complex yet
Extreme solid foundation for data science basics
Excellent course with all the essential material
A good Begineer Course For Data Science students
It was really very helpful for me . Thanks a lot
Great introduction to the study of data science.
Easy to digest, divided well, loved this course!
Great introduction to the topic of Data Science.
Great course providing insight into Data Science
It's Coursera, its IBM, its Data Sciene. Best!!!
Good overview of what is data science all about.
As far as i think its a good introductory course
great course to understand what data science is!
Excellent methodology and best in online courses
Very simple and nice course, Great for beginners
Introduction - easy and interesting to follow up
excellent material and sufficient hands on labs!
Interesting, great introduction to data science.
Very nice and helpful to understand data science
Excellent and easy starting.Clean and very easy.
Awesome syllabus covering eveything from basics.
Great introduction to the field of data science!
Simple and Lucid course. Brief and to the point.
It gives a pretty good insight into data science
A very good introductory course on data science.
Great course to begin your Data Science journey.
The Course is Pretty Good and Easier to Learn...
Very short, but good basic cover of data science
As good as an introductory course can be. Neat!
A perfect course for a would-be Data Scientist!
Very wasy to follow and engaging !  Thank you !
Covers the basic and the content is just right.
Gives the basics of what data science is about.
Very good introductory course for Data Science.
very good introduction but pdf need to bee text
it give better understanding about data science
The course is very interesting and helpful.Thx.
I learn a lot of things regarding data science.
Informational packed, concise and easy to learn
it was a great experience with IBM and Coursera
Great course! Thank you!!! I going to continue.
Thank you so much. We will get there very soon.
its very helpful to learn or study data science
Great starter for knowing what data science is!
Good foundation as a data scientist proffession
nice explanation with quiz quality is also good
It was informative, useful, and helpful for me.
the way you guys explain is  completely awesome
This was fun! I think I will like Data Science.
Is good course to be introduce to data science.
Great form and organization of study materials.
It has been awesome studying Data Science here.
Nice Course for getting a start in data science
This topic opened my vision about data science.
best course to learn about what is data science
A great overview guide with practical insights.
Good overview and introduction to data science.
Easy to follow module that was structured well.
Very nice course, thanks to IBM for such course
Best way to start with the basics . Nice course
The teaching has been awesome. FUN + LEARNIING.
Good content and nice introduction to the topic
Excellent introductory course for Data Science.
A very good introductory course to Data Science
Simple way of explaining! Anyone can understand
Very clear, Structured and educating. Thank You
Nice preview of what data science really means.
A very good introduction for Data Science and i
I really like this introducction, thanks alot.
It's a good course to know about data science.
It's a nice introduction to data science c: <3
A great interactive introduction to the course
great cource to know basics about data science
I found the course exciting and easy to follow
A great kickstarter for learning data science!
Very impressive material ... extremely helpful
awesome contents and simplie for understanding
First experience with Coursera and I liked it!
Excellent teachers and content,learned so much
It was a great introduction with many aspects.
motivating introduction for the rest of module
Good and concise introduction to Data Science.
Simple but comprehensive. Makes you want more!
The course is very very good and to the point.
awesome for people who are absolute beginners.
Great Course! I'm very happy to have found it!
Know how about Data Science covered thoroughly
Best course on introduction to Data Science!!!
excellent course to know data science features
Nice Introduction . I Really enjoyed learning.
A very good primer to a vague and broad field.
very intesting with IBM Watson Studio exercise
Brief and joyful introduction to Data Science.
It was an awesome introduction to data science
Well Thought and learnt a lot from this module
Amazing approach to explaining and the content
Very useful introduction to Data Science world
Very interesting introduction to data science!
A well structured introduction to the course.
best way to increase the knowledge about data
Very nice learning experience i got from here
The course content is rich and comprehensive.
Very helpful to know about data science field
Excellent course, much detailed and thorough.
Key learning to introduction of data science!
I am very happy after completing this course.
The course was amazingly full of information.
Very good course for beginner of data science
Great overview of the field. Good interviews.
Its a great experience to learn data science.
Good definitions and concepts well explained.
Fantastic introduction with remarkable tutors
Provides a good introduction to data science.
Answers the question What is Data Science? :)
Great introduction into what data science is!
Thank you for this possibility! That's great!
A good introductory course for Data Science .
Wonderfully furnished and precisely presented
Very good for starting to learn Data Science.
I loved this course! It was very educational.
was good to be get introduced into the course
conceptual clarity and nice overview provided
Very well structured, overall awesome course!
It is a amazing course! It got my attenction!
It's very useful and everyone should take it.
just an awesome experience by learning here!!
Good material to learn basics of Data Science
Quite apt for inducing interest in the Field.
The best orientation course for Data science!
It's a great start for a data science learner
Really informative and easy to use and learn.
I learned more information about data science
Quick summary of Data Science! Truly enjoyed.
Great course for introduction to data science
Introduction for beginners; achieves the goal
Good for basic understanding of Data Science
I was inspired to venture into data science.
This gave ne the rudimentary of data science
Great course delivered in digestible chunks.
It was informative and well organized course
I have completed in 2 days its preety ossumm
Very Helpful and wonderfully curated course.
Basic concepts in a clear and dinamic manner
Great stuff. I thoroughly enjoyed the course
good course. The contents are well explained
Awesome introductory course to Data Science.
It's perfect to enter in Data Science world.
This is a great introduction to Data Science
The course help me to overview data science.
An excellent-structured introductory course.
All the topics are categorically explained!!
What a great introduction to Data Science!!!
A great introductory course of data science.
A good introduction to what data science is.
it really helpful to know about data science
Very helpful and informative for a beginner!
Truly Useful for a beginner in Data science.
Enjoyed the course. It was very informative.
Flexible, Interactive & Excellent Learnings!
Nice introduction with competent professors.
Awfully simple, clear and concise materials.
good to know introduction about data science
Easy to learn with good quality information.
Good course. Had a great experience with it.
It is very nice course. I got more benefits.
Very interesting Course in the Data Science!
Good content to start with for data science.
Good for entry education about Data Science.
Excellent Course to know about Data Science.
Excellent material. The videos are engaging.
Very InformativeYou'll learn all the basics.
Highly recommended for beginners like me! :)
Thank you for proving me a new perspective.
Excellent course about what Data Science is
Clear all the basics and easily understood.
Great course, I would like to continue it !
Good experience looking for more challenges
Nice course to start learning Data Science.
Really easy and gave in depth explanations.
excellent course for Data Science beginners
very simple introduction with highlightings
Clear and friendly course for Data science!
Good introduction to the data science world
Easy to grasp introduction to Data Science.
Easy to follow introduction into the topic.
Great course recommended for every begineer
Fantastic course for the beginners like me.
excellent online class, i really enjoyed it
This course is very general and informative
Fantastic curriculum and learning platform.
Good introduction for what is data science.
It's pleasure to have this course.Thank You
A really good introduction to Data Science.
Much informative and easy to learn lessons.
Beginner-friendly and really comprehensive.
Awesome understanding given from the course
Clear with experiences and examples. Thanks
That was really good intro to data science.
Exceptional and worth following as a course
Good foundation for learning Data Science.
Awesome way to learn. thank you coursera !
The Course was very useful and informative
Don't forget to use the word "storyteller"
Well paced and easy to absorb information.
Excellent start on the Data Science Field.
Very informative and precise. Recommended.
Excellent course a must have for beginners
The teaching was great and really helpful.
Informative, interesting and comprehensive
Nicely Articulated basics of Data Science.
It was a great experience with this course
It is good starting course of data science
Great Course,I have finished in 15 hours !
such an amazing course offered by coursera
Nice Introduction to what is data science.
This is a very good overview for newcomers
A good introductory course, for beginners.
Really good course with great information.
An absolutely perfect introduction session
Detailed illustrate 'What is Data Science'
Short time duration explain lots of thing.
Good introduction for what is data science
good to start in the world of Data Science
Very useful course I had a good experience
Good content and really nice presentation.
Excellent instructors and content.. Thanks
Interesting, Engaging and very Informative
Great start to learning about Data Science
Great general introductory to data science
its too good to learn , awesome experiance
Very engaging introduction to the subject.
Great background knowledge about the field
It provided great insight into the career.
A really good introduction to the subject.
Amazing Introductory class to Data science
it is good introduction about data science
Loved it. The course was very informative.
This was a great overview of Data Science.
Excellent to Learned through Data Science
easy to understand entry course. nice one
Great course to learn about data science.
a very nice introductory for data science
Its a perfect 101 lesson for data science
Great overview of the Data Science field!
Great overview of the Data Science field.
Excellent knowledge gain with this course
Best course to start of with data science
It was informative and interesting course
So far, this has been a great experience!
Good starter... Only theoretical for now.
Good course for beginners in data science
Good for introducing what is data science
Recommended for aspiring Data scientists.
An excellent course, thank you very much.
Excellent! Thank you for the opportunity!
This is Good introduction to data science
very awesome course according to freshers
Great intro to the field of Data Science.
Great session. Happy I committed to this.
Nice Introduction class for Data Science.
Good Introductory Course for Data Science
I loved the course and enjoyed learning .
great  training to introduce data science
the course was helpful thanks to coursera
Very fluid and challenging. Just awesome!
Excellent overview, very well thought out
awesome course, really like Prof. Murtaza
This lecture gives an appropriate review.
A good introduction to start the journey.
Great Course for insights on Data Science
A very good introduction to Data Science.
Good base level course about Data Science
Great course for introducing data science
good explanation  of what is data science
Lots of great insights! Absolutely a door
Its a very Interesting and a nice course.
This was a helpful overview of the field.
Thanks for the data science introduction!
Easy to access to even for the beginner.
Great short introduction to Data Science
Very Useful Introduction to Data Science
Excellent course to start my career with
The Data Science course is exceptional..
Amazing Course, great work on making it.
Excellent design, methods and curriculum
A good introductory course for the basic
An interesting overview of data science.
Best orientation course for Data Science
I have learnt the basics of data science
Great input and knowledge. Mind opening.
This is good knowledgeable online course
Nice and motivating towards data science
A very good introduction to Data science
Perfect to introduce you to Data Science
The exceptional way of sharing Knowledge
It's been great through out I enjoyed it
Got a good idea of what data science is.
such a great time to learn data science!
Really good introduction to Data Science
An excellent course to learn the basics.
Excellent introduction for the beginner!
Best introductory course on data science
A great course to understand this field.
Thank you learned alot from this course.
Great course i recommend it to everyone.
It's an excellent course, great learning
Good Introductory course in Data Science
it was really fun learning cool stuff.😊
Good explanation of what is data science
Thank you for giving a great opportunity
Excellent material one can learn easily.
Absolutely perfect foundation and intro.
I got to know what data science is about
Solid foundation to what data science is
Good Introduction about the data science
very good introduction  to data science.
Great Intro to the topic of Data Science
one of the greatest courses, I liked it.
Great course to start with Data Science.
A very interesting overview of the field
excellent course and very well organized
A in depth introduction to Data Science.
It's a nice introduction to data science
Enjoyed this course enough to take more!
Awesome course to get a quick refresher.
A useful orientation about Data Science.
Very good starting perspective on field
excellent for beginners of data science
My name is not  correct in certificate.
Very fun and easy to follow along with!
Excellent Intro on DS by world experts.
Great Introduction, just keep learning!
Easy to understand and very insightful.
Perfect lesson with perfect teachers!!!
A very helpful and professional course.
really good work put up together by ibm
It was quite simple and easy explained,
Great interviews and reading materials.
Very good introduction to data science.
Excellent introduction to Data Science.
very informative and interesting course
it was a very good and helpful program!
Very Nice Introduction to Data Science.
Great & Very easy to understand course.
Thanks coursera.org for financial aid .
Very informative and great explanations
Explanations are apt, brief and concise
Great overview to Data Science panorama
Excellence introduction to Data Science
A good informative content for a newbie
Best of the best course to get started.
Simple and straight. Short but enough!!
good for the introduction to this field
Straightforward and easy to understand.
NYC faculty and I like his teaching way
A good intrduction to the data science.
Very brief introduction on data science
A very detailed quality  introduction!!
A good start for learning Data Science.
Good Starting Course for Data Scientist
Great way to ease you into the subject!
Excellent introduction to Data Science!
Simply Excellent, very well explained!!
It's been a great start to this course.
Great Course to start with Data Science
Excellent introduction of Data science.
Excellent intro and very nice readings!
Best Course to Start with Data Science.
GOOD LEARNING EXPERIENCE IN THIS COURSE
Good basic introduction to data science
Very Good Introduction to data science.
It was a Great Intro to Data Science!!
VERY NICE, INFORMATIVE AND UP TO DATE.
Very nicely explained video tutorials.
its wonderful intro course on big data
It's a very good course for beginners.
Excellent refresher into Data Science.
THANK YOU FOR ALL. I LOVED THE COURSE.
I'm excited to be part of this course.
this course  structure is very good ..
A good and strong start for beginners!
good  for introduction in data science
Great overview course on data science!
Thanks to IBM for this amazing course.
Brilliant work and awesome information
introduces the basics in simple terms.
Outstanding material...just go for it!
Excelent introduction to Data Science!
easy to understand and it is in detail
Course is awesome and the instructors.
A good course to start, easy to learn.
Great start to my new learning pathway
Amazing course ,I enjoyed this course.
Good way to start learning and career.
A great introductory for data science!
Awesome for getting a new career path!
Awesome!!! Cost of course is bit high!
It's really great course for a start..
a nice introduction for data science !
Great way to learn about data science.
Gives a good overview of Data Science.
It is very good and informative course
Had a great experience in Data Science
Good start to know about Data Science.
Very good introduction to data science
Informative for those who are beginner
Very basic stuff, but a decent course.
Excellent course for python beginers !
It's a good introduction to the field.
Expecting more hands on in IBM Watson
I very Good course for the beginners.
Very beginner course but fun to learn
great course! really an eye openning!
Excellent introduction for beginners.
Good course to start up Data Science.
Well structured and prepared. Thanks!
Easy to learn and adopt the concepts.
Perfect Introduction of Data Science.
Excellent Course for Data Scientists.
Very clear introduction to the topic.
A great introductory course for all !
good platform to learn IBM coursera .
It's a super nice orientation course!
Fantastic course with great contents!
data science is good learning concept
Great introductory of data science !!
I enjoyed the short videos very much.
Great way to learn about Data Science
best course for starting data science
A good introducction to Data Science!
A great introduction to data science.
Best Introduction to the Data Science
A good round up of data science topic
Interactions with the people are good
Good Course to start in Data Science.
Good course, give a nice introduction
Good basic knowledge about the topic.
its very used and helpful my carriers
Informational and introductory course
Great introductory course. Way to go!
A very informative section. Thank you
Very helpful course for the beginners
Good Introduction About Data Science.
The assessment could have been better
Good in info. about intro to Data Sci
this course is good as the first step
Great way to introduce data sciences!
great introduction about Data Science
Great introduction to a Data Science!
Good Start for Data Science Beginners
Nice introductory course. Motivating.
Easy to understand and good examples.
Good introduction about Data science
Great Experience with this course !!
BEST COURSE THANKS TO ALL THE GURUS!
One of the great course on coursera.
Very useful course for the beginners
thanks  for such a simplified cource
Great course with great instructors!
Great experience, awesome learning !
i have learned a lot in this course.
very good experience with course era
Excellent resource for the beginner.
Fantastic Journy towards Datascience
easy to learn and easy to understand
Fantastic course - very well taught!
A great introduction to the subject.
I love everything about this course.
This Course helped me alot THANK YOU
Great and very introductory tutorial
Good for understanding Data Science.
Easy to follow. Good video and text.
gave me insight what data science is
Very informative and well presented!
awesome course , very helpful course
Amazing Experience with this course.
Nice course, It met my expectations.
this is a great course for beginners
Excellent content for the beginners.
Really helpful course for beginners.
Easy to understand and fun to learn.
Concise introduction to Data Science
Overview of data science. attractive
I got a huge insight on DATA SCIENCE
Very informative and well explained!
It was an excellent experience to me
Concepts taught in very easy manner.
Very good introduction to the field.
Very in-depth, fun and informative!
Excellent.. Mind blowing experience
great content and clear discussions
i like it ...data science   thank u
This course is amazing and fruitful
Good content for introduction level
Good Explanation about data science
Good and brief good for inspiration
got a good idea about data science.
Basics and overview of Data Science
I was very pleased with the course.
A good introduction to data science
Great introduction of data science.
Great introduction to data science!
Great information and presentation.
Thank you for the great experience!
It's a good start! I'll keep going.
Nice introduction to Data Science !
Great Introduction of data science.
Course is fantastic and informative
It's been a good journey so far..!!
One of the best course in coursera.
It is very useful for me right now!
Date extension needed. Please help.
Good learning and good content too!
Easy to follow. Great introduction.
great simplified Basic intro course
Good introduction for any beginner.
Simplified and ease way of learning
Good course content for a beginner.
It was a great learning experience.
Great introduction to data science.
It is what the Data Scientist does.
The curriculum design is excellent.
thank you so much for the privilege
It was a great learning experience.
Very informative for the beginners.
Nice way to introduce data science!
Great moment to understand about DS
overall, a good introductory course
It's a great course for beginners!!
It is very good and explained well
Nice introduction to the industry.
Very nice course. I enjoyed a lot.
Good intruduction for Data Science
Great introduction to Data Science
Super introduction in Data Science
Great introduction to data science
Really useful and connected course
Good introductory to Data Science.
Great course. Good basics offered.
Very good insights on data science
Excellent! Very clear the concepts
It is so comprehensive and helpful
Good introduction to data science.
A best introducing of data science
Great Introduction to Data Science
Great and an easy way of learning.
Great Introduction to Data science
Yes it was good and understandable
Really a good course for beginners
Excellent course for the beginners
I am very satisfied for my course.
Easy to understand teaching method
Clear concepts and concise content
Great, I had fun with this course.
Great introduction to the subject!
A good introduction to the subject
it's too basic and time consuming!
More than intriguing ,if possible.
Great introduction to Data science
Clear introduction to Data Science
thank you for the course providing
Excellent Motivation for Beginners
Easy to understand and to complete
Thank you for a great intruduction
Excellent Data Science Foundations
Good introduction to the industry.
Great course ! Thanks you CoursERA
Very interactive and to the point.
very fruitful and simple learning
Great work by the Coursera team!!
It was a great course. So happy !
Exceptional platform for Learning
Good for Basics into Data Science
Best introduction to data science
I really enjoyed in this course❤️
A perfect beginning of the course
Good place to start for begineers
Nice content very well explained.
I learned a lot from this course.
Very interesting and informative!
best introduction to data scoence
very informative and to the point
good introduction to Data Science
Very intuitive and easy to follow
Very Nice and informative course.
A fantastic course for beginners.
Brilliant and informative  course
A good well rounded introduction.
very easy and way to learn online
Nice explanation to every subject
The course is very good to start.
Very good and easy to understand.
Thank You!Thank You!!Thank You!!!
Outstanding course for Beginners.
Great intro course for beginners.
The best way of teaching is this.
Very informative and interesting.
Better Course : easily understood
The course is merely introduction
nice introduction of data science
Infoative and easy to understand.
Very good introduction in subject
Nice introduction of data science
very interesting to learn about .
This exposure is one of the kind.
Highly recommended for a fresher.
Great material! Very interesting!
EXCELENTE GRACIAS Y SALUDOS A IBM
if you are a beginner , go for it
good introduction of data science
The Greatest Data Science Course.
Simple and straight to the point.
Good introduction of data science
Very Nicely explained the industr
Great Introduction! Great videos!
excellent material and very clear
Nice Course gave me a head start.
Great intro to the field of study
Good Introduction to Data Science
Good introduction of Data Science
Excellent content for beginners.
That's pretty much expected one.
Well taught, a must for a novice
Nice and Very Attractive Course.
Good plateform to gain knowledge
Great Course. Was really Helpful
This is what i needed to start .
Much needed basic building block
Wonderful course. Really enjoyed
Great course! i learned so much.
Amazing experience as a beginner
Great general introduction of DS
Easy to understand this Science.
It is good course to start with!
Best course for the beginners!!!
top quality and very imformative
Great Introduction of the topic.
Very simple and clear understand
It is a good start to the topic!
Great introduction of this field
Very detailed views in the topic
Great Content and Great Speakers
Detailed and simple explanation.
Great course, Super informative!
Very informative and educational
Very short, easy and fun course.
Really good course, learned new.
GOOD CONTENT, easy to understand
Good starting with data science.
Excellent way to gain 4IR skills
very informative and interactive
Good structure and explanations.
Great introduction to the field.
Easy to navigate and understand.
Perfect course to start with..!!
Thank for course and teachers!!!
great course with great exposure
it was a good experience for me
Excellent Course Offered by IBM
Wonderful and motivated course.
A good insight of Data Science.
extremely useful for beginners.
Amazing courser.Thanks coursera
Awesome Insights For beginners!
Wonderful informative content !
Good starting for Data Science.
It was Great Experience Overall
good explanation, good contents
its a really interesting course
Excellent. Very well explained.
Basic and gives a nice overview
Great overview of Data Science.
a perfect Entry to data science
Great and different experience.
good course for basic knowledge
Great way to learn data sceince
Great course, very good videos.
One of the best online courses.
Very basic course. Nice videos.
Awesome course..will give 10/10
informative course for beginner
Best for starting data Science.
Very Informative to get started
it's good for basic information
Its the basic introductory part
Good introduction to the topic!
Great beginning in Data Science
A perfect course for beginners.
Great course in a succinct way.
very effective, short and sweet
Great course! Very informative.
Helped a lot to clear concepts
great course to get started :)
i like this informative course
Fantastic introductory course!
Excellent. Very well designed.
very good learning experiences
Easy to follow and understand!
really good and easy to follow
very good learning experience.
Good overview on data science!
Well run and created course ..
this is an interesting course!
Makes you want to learn more !
I heary completed first module
Excellent program for newbies!
the course is very eye opening
Great content from this course
Awesome experience by learning
Good for essentials and basics
Good course - very interesting
great course and great content
Clear and usefull introduction
Very interesting introduction!
Excellent Course for begineers
Very nice introdutory course!!
Good Overview of data science!
good information for beginner.
This is very good explanation.
very good introductory program
I get a lot useful information
nice framing of this course...
Very good and clarifies a lot.
Excellent introductory course.
Very good introduction to DS !
Very good quality of knowledge
Very informative for beginners
Very Good Introductory Course
Very good introductory course
Great foundational knowledge!
Great course extremely useful
Thoughtful! and a Great start
Learn to solve complex issues
Good Course. Was informative.
Perfect course for beginners!
Great course! Easy to follow!
Love every bit of this course
Very Good Introduction Cource
Thisisagoodcourseforbeginners
Good format.  Easy to follow.
Such a Great experience i got
Very good foundational course
Brilliant course. I loved it.
Excellent Introductory course
general overview of the field
Good and Interesting lectures
Good Course for the beginners
This course is just amazing .
Excellent introductory course
Really a very good experience
A great course for beginners!
Awesome Introduction Course !
excellent introductory course
Excellent Teaching and videos
Perfect course for beginners.
great course.Really liked it.
Insightful and easy to follow
good course as a introduction
Nice intro the subject matter
A Great intro to Data Science
Well Structured and Concrete.
Clear and concise. Excellent!
The classes were informative.
VERY GOOD INTERACTIVE COURSE.
Amazing and very interesting!
its exceptional to study here
Very good , i really like it!
Very detailed and informative
Useful introductory overview.
It is excellent for beginners
Excellent Introductory Course
World's  Top Quality content
very interesting intro to DS
Nice Course provided by IBM.
A great introductory course!
Great course for intro to DS
Very helpful and informative
Awesome and engaging course.
Very Good orientation course
Yes I agree that my feedback
Great Data science Resource!
Simple yet very informative.
perfect course. Thank you :)
It was excellent, thank you.
Good start with Data Science
Very informing and realistic
An explanatory introduction.
Super Easy and fun to learn.
This is an auspicious course
quite useful basic knowledge
very pleased with the course
Explained in Detailed Manner
fabulous course for freshers
Very good Intro...Be Curious
Smooth and very informative.
Great intro to Data Science!
More than I expected! Happy!
The course is really amazing
Good for new data scientist.
awesome course for beginners
very please with this cource
simple and good introduction
Great course. Very thorough
It is a very useful course.
nice and easy to understand
Very Good Course. Thank you
Superb introductory course!
Impressing way of teaching.
This was an amazing course!
Nice and informative course
Good Primer on Data Science
Loved learning via coursera
Good Course, Very detailed.
Thanks for this nice class!
Very useful information! :)
Best for quick Introduction
It's very well descriptive.
Good and short introduction
awesome course for begginer
More Interesting and useful
Very nicely drafted course.
it was good and informative
It was a great experience .
A good Course to begin with
Great start to Data Science
Great informational course!
I Thank all the instructors
a great learning experience
Best and Interesting Course
Solid info to start you out
Amazing I learned so much !
As a intro class, it is OK.
Very important and helpful
Very comprehensive course.
Learnt something Valueable
Well presented and taught.
Knowledge at its best form
The course was intresting.
A good introductory course
Interesting and educating!
Great value. Great course.
Data Science is sexy✔️✔️✔️
a very good place to study
great full beginner course
Informative and helpful :)
great for an introduction!
best course i ever learned
It was a great experience.
Great Introductory course.
Informative and simplified
Stimulating and insightful
Good topic to start with..
Informative course. Thanks
Great course for beginning
Excellent. Thanks Coursera
Great introductory course!
Basic course but very good
Very thorough and helpful.
Great introduction course.
good introduction about DS
I enojy the system! thanks
this is very useful course
Very detailed explanations
clearandverywellstructured
Excellent and to the Point
Such an informative course
Really enjoyed the sourse!
such a interesting course
Concrete course! Must try
Short and well structured
very good for a beginerrs
Fun and compelling course
it is good for beginners!
good understand thank you
Good Introductory course.
Nice start for beginners.
GREAT INTRODUCTORY COURSE
I've enjoyed this course.
Great introductory class!
very well designed course
its such a amazing course
Good content and coverage
It is easy to understand!
The course is informative
Great Introductory course
Very good course content.
This course is excellent.
very nice course material
Great introductory course
Easy and good explanation
it was an amazing course!
Nice introductory course.
thanks for lighting me up
It's a pretty good intro
glad to be a part of IBM
good learning experience
Great entry level course
Very informative course.
Very interesting so far.
Nice introductory course
Best introductory course
This was a great course!
Good intro to this path!
Ver simple, but amazing!
Great course for new bee
Awesome course. Love it.
Course content is good..
Great source of learning
Great introductory class
Very Informative course.
Great course.  Thank you
Sach a Greate Experience
I appreciate this course
Refreshing and excellent
Very helpful foundation!
very helpful for starter
Very usefull information
it  was great experience
The best virtual school.
Very good for a beginner
Very much informational
This course is helpful!
BEST COURSE AND CONTENT
it was so easy to learn
Great Content to learn.
Great course. Loved it.
Nicely designed course.
Data Science is awesome
iam happy with coursera
Very good introduction.
Very informative Course
Great and easy to grasp
So informative and fun!
Very clear definitions.
best learning platfroms
its perfect and usefull
great course. Thank you
The course is explicit.
Very nice Introduction!
Course was really good.
Great video production!
great learning platform
It's really interesting
Good introduction to DS
This course is awesome.
This is really too good
really great experience
I feel comfortable now.
thank you, informative.
This course is amazing.
I am loving this course
It's an Awesome Course.
It was nice experience.
Interestingintroduction
Great way to explain !!
Very interesting class!
Very good introduction
well structured course
I enjoyed this course.
it's very nice course.
Great great great !!!!
One of the best course
Very good Introduction
A really good course!!
Nicely planned course.
very good introductory
Easy to catch up with!
A comprehensive Course
This course is amazing
very good introduction
Very nicely structured
outstanding Experience
easy to follow content
the best course for me
It was very educative.
very good for introduc
good and informational
Very instructive  !!!!
Nice foundation course
Concise and complete.
its an awesome course
It is all about Data.
Simply exceptional !!
Great basic learning.
Good Course Thank you
Perfect for begginers
Awesome course indeed
very useful thank you
amazing introduction!
Good motivation intro
I enjoyed this class.
really Good over view
Really great course!!
Great course to start
Very good for a begin
very nice for starter
Awesome to start with
Really a good course
Great course ever !!
Outstanding course!!
Helpful in many ways
IT WAS A GOOD COURSE
excellently executed
Great introduction!!
Funn and informative
Awesome Introduction
Good course for all.
Very easy to follow.
It was a nice Start.
Very Helpfull Course
I liked this course.
good and very useful
I have learned a lot
Course was excillent
good learning course
this course is super
Very good materials.
Practical knowledge.
it was a great Cours
Topic is really good
the best course ever
Simply, Wonderful...
Very helpful Course
High-quality stuff.
Great Intro Course!
Great in every way!
it was very useful.
I had fun learning!
It was  so great 👍
Good learning curve
I loved this course
it was very nice !!
Very nice Course 👌
thankyou coursera..
Its awesome journey
A proper foundation
Very good and clear
Great and excellent
Comprehensive Class
It's a good start..
Valuble information
great introduction!
Amazing experience.
Is really impactful
Great introduction!
Very worthy course.
I loved the cource.
enjoyed the videos.
Easy to get started
very very helpfull!
great introduction!
Good course. Thanks
very complete info.
Great materials !!!
Wonderful Course !!
Useful CourseThanks
Very helpful course
really good courses
Great intro course!
Very insight full .
Very comprehensive.
Highly Recommended.
Really good content
I love this Course
I loved the course
Highly informative
Awesome experience
Very good material
My Dream come True
Informative course
thank you Coursera
Extordinary Course
good and excellent
Wonderful, thanks.
its very useful :)
Very nice & worthy
loved this course.
Great start point!
it is very usefull
informative course
I’m very grateful.
Great introduction
its extraordinary.
great introduction
parfect i loved it
thnx help me a lot
Informative Course
Very Useful Course
Nice to start with
Clearly explained.
Awesome content 👌
above expectations
thank you coursera
Excellent Learning
Great information!
Great Introduction
Good intro course!
great intro course
Wonderful course !
Good Introduction
very good content
Very Good Course.
Great ,Thank you.
So much to learn!
I like it heavily
Nice introduction
Interesting field
Very good content
good for everyone
A good first step
Interesting stuff
Taught very well.
Awesome content !
Really inspiring！
Its a good course
very well taught.
Great intro class
Good experience !
VEry informative!
Great foundation!
good informations
Very Good Insight
Nice Inforamtion
A great course!!
Great Profeesors
ITS GREAT COURSE
extremely useful
HELPFUL AND SLOW
great foundation
Must Take Course
Very orientative
Simply awesome !
awesome coaching
it was educating
Good explication
Very interesting
Well structured.
Very Good course
Its really great
Nicely scheduled
Awesome learning
Very Interesting
fantastic course
Clean and simple
Very Nice Course
Its informative.
The course is ok
Very cool class.
Very Good Course
very Good COURSE
GOD Blessed one!
Nicely Explained
Awesome Class !!
great course!!!
Course was good
Great explained
very insightful
easy to follow.
good to have it
Neat Work Guys!
Really Good !!!
well explained.
It was awesome!
very intractive
Good definition
Thanks Coursera
very intresting
Great starting!
It is excellent
Very elementary
it's alright :)
best for basics
good course！！！！
Very impressive
the best course
this was great
I am motivated
Great learning
Best out there
Great content!
Really helpful
Thanks for IBM
Thanks cousera
I recommand it
Good knowledge
Basic but good
amazing course
Awesome course
nothing to add
Perfect Course
Great contents
Great Course .
Great Learning
Light and fun.
Good to Learn
Nice overview
good platform
good course:)
This has help
Great course!
its very nice
CEO of 200 IQ
Good context!
Great Course!
Good course!!
Insightful :)
Easy to read,
pretty good..
it is perfect
great course.
Great Course,
A good start.
GREAT COURSE
Great cours!
Good intro!!
Loved course
Just awesome
Pretty good.
A Great one.
very excited
Learnt a lot
Good Course.
High quality
Great intro!
Super Clear!
Thanks... :D
informative
It´s great!
it was nice
Good Intro!
Pretty cool
Great Intro
thank you..
Loving it!!
Well tought
Cool course
Its best...
Great intro
Great Class
Insightful!
Great Start
Good intro!
It´s Great!
Good start
Thanks You
insightful
Very Good.
Good Intro
Thanks a2a
thank you!
Very clear
ok course
so great!
Was great
Recommend
Educative
too easy.
Exciting!
IT IS WOW
Is grate
Great !!
Lovely !
Enjoyed
Geart
Top
tha
