This course is not suited for beginners and people looking for an introductory lecture to Linear Algebra! Unfortunately the topics are extremely hastily presented and lack depth of explanation, sufficient examples and often leave out content required to complete the assignments. The material is not presented in a coherent way, and, for someone new to Linear Algebra like me, requires a great amount of self-study outside the course (e.g. Khan Academy) to comprehend the content. The team of lecturers is very likeable and enthusiastic. However, I do not comprehend where this course seeks to position itself: it is not suited for students new to Linear Algebra, and, not extensive enough for someone seeking to learn underlying mathematics for Machine Learning as this course simply doesn't cover Machine Learning. Finishing this course, I have some vague understanding of certain concepts and I am left longing for proper and structured content that I could feel confident about.
I can't follow what is happening. There is a huge gap between what is being taught and what is being asked in the assignments.
Too many sessions and quizzes which appear to require previous knowledge of the taught subject, concept and the details. If I had that knowledge already, I would not be taking the course to begin with. The programming assignment do require previous Python/other programming experience. I would not categorize this as a 'beginner' class.
The autograding of python notebooks in week 3 does not work. Submission by alternative upload did grade properly either. Just trying over and over to get the test to pass, took longer than coding the assignment. Until this is fixed, I think this course is a unfortunately incomplete.
No one cares about the homework! The Homeworks are not graded properly. Moreover, in the last module the lecturer speaks only without properly writing everything down or explain the subjects mathematically.But honestly the first 4 Modules were explained very good.
I learned a lot of valuable concepts in this course. But, the pedagogy is very poor in my opinion. The videos are taught by Professor Implicit, the notation is inconsistent and confusing, and I never saw even one response to questions from the instructors.Seems this is for people who have a very strong math background even though it's marked as an introductory course. It took me several months to complete this because I had to go through almost all of the Khan Academy Linear Algebra course to understand.Great concept and content. But, responses to student questions and better explanations would help a lot.
Course is titled incorrectly. The course has nothing to do with machine learning. It's mainly out of context symbol pushing (like most math courses). I expect any positive reviews will be from folks who do not work as a practitioner in the field and just want to promote "good vibes". Beware if you're actually looking for contextualized understanding, as this is not the course for you (at least through the end of week 3).
Why can't I give this course ZERO stars? Because that is what this course deserves.  The first course in the specialization was a train wreck.  For starters, the videos were heavy on theory and light on examples, so when it came time to do the practice exams, each student needed to go to outside sources to learn, from the top, what they needed to do to complete the questions.  This expectation is unacceptable.  Secondly, no mention in the course information, videos, etc. was there any indication that there was coding.  These coding assignments are delivered with no hint given as to what we would need to do, how, and why, which is entirely unacceptable.  Lastly, the course creators are available nowhere.  There are hundreds of questions on the forums for each week of each course, with not one answer coming from any of the course creators.  I even went out of my way to find the email for the leading course creator and ask for additional resources/help but received zero response in return.  I have been an avid supporter of Coursera for a long while now, but this specialization is terrible enough that I would consider never utilizing this site again.  Mathematics for Machine Learning is an embarrassment to the entire service and devalues all of the work individuals have put into learning through this platform.  It does this by diminishing the quality of the certificate by demeaning the level of competence acquired upon completion.  If I were in charge of content, I would remove this specialization as well as thoroughly review all content published by the same institution.  David Dye and the Imperial College of Londen should be ashamed.v
Authors try to teach babies. Might be good, it is hard to judge for
 me as I know linear algebra. Definitely boring to me. For example 3Blue1Brown (which they reference btw) is 
ingenious in my opinion, so it might be not me who is the problem. But the quizzes just don't make sense!  
The ones where solving problems involved might have 2 numerically right 
answers but only one of two is treated as the right. And there are just 
idiotic or not covered in lectures answers for quizzes without problems.
Hands down the worst course I've ever taken in my life!  Poorly put together and extremely short videos that don't provide an adequate amount of knowledge especially in relationship to the given quizzes.  I truly hope this course is removed.
Quite difficult for learner who didn't know about linear algebra.It jump and few example and skip a lot of part for understand.But good for recall.
I wish I had read the most recent reviews for this course.  I thought that by taking an online course, they would have produced a course that had a logical flow to it.  I was trying to get caught up on some math that I missed taught by a TA that was all over the place.  This was the wrong platform.  I had to figure out what the first teacher was talking about by going online and learning it there.  I was looking for a structured course that would teach me some basics.  Not worth the money.
The lectures don't cover the material in the quizzes. The only supplemental material is a single, incomplete formula sheet. In fact, it's hard to see what resources they are trying to provide other than a forum where other users fill in the many gaps and suggest alternate sources of information. Maybe it picks up significantly in weeks 4 and 5, but after going through weeks 1-3, spending most of my time trawling the forums and looking for study/learning materials on other sites, I'm done.
While the course gave a rather high-level theoretical view of several concepts, the quizzes were based in applying those theories.  Without examples of how to apply the theories, I don't feel I have a good understanding of the concepts or how they can be useful in real-world scenarios.  I needed to use other resources to actually understand the concepts to be able to complete the course, which made the course rather frustrating and useless.
Overall, rushed and poorly explained. It attempts to condense a semester-long course into laughably short videos (maybe 30 mins per "week"). If you had linear algebra before, probably won't be very challenging. But if you haven't... there is no help/explanation to the quizes and the message boards are filled with unanswered questions. Essentially, this course builds a very shaky foundation.
The lectures will cover basic principles and then rather than build on basic principles to solidify the knowledge with practice and repetition, this goes straight to extremely challenging scenarios and me banging my head against a wall.  Many comments within the forums are from other students like me who had to access external resources to bridge the gaps. Not worth the time.
to be honest it was not that understandable i had to go through other materials and videos to get some concepts. i think I speak for a few portion of people who too would have felt the same!
Unclear explanation, week 3 final assignment is a huge discouraging no matter how you can do the previous exercise with ease or not. Maybe this course is not for me.
Bad content and broken links run otherwise adequate lectures. Fortunately I was taking this course as a refresher--there are much better ways to learn linear algebra
Didn't thoroughly explain concepts.  Tested on concepts not covered.  I regularly needed to go to Khan Academy videos to fill in the gaps this course has.
Not very good. Had to use YouTube as I had no knowledge of Python.  Needs to have more examples and walk you through Python to be able to understand.
No practical example. Like University hard mathematics lecture. This course content does not relate to the course title.
It is disrespectful that programming assignments are not accessible for audit users.
Not for someone with less knowledge about terminologies.
Doesn't explain how it is related to Machine Learning.
Please I am not interested in taking the course again
Don’t waste your money with Coursera it’s a con.
First quiz doesn’t work properly. Can’t submit.
very bad, everything is not clear
worst course ever
Disclaimer: If you are familiar with Linear Algebra, you may love this course. This review is not for those people. This review is for the people who went to the course details, saw that the recommended audience was 'Beginner' level, and decided to give it a try, thinking it involved a low barrier of entry. You'd be thinking incorrectly. Here is why.  Let me start off by stating two things. First: I am terrible at all things mathematics, and wanted to improve my capabilities in this area. Second: This is by far the worst Coursera course that I've taken to date. I put all my effort into not only completing the course, but doing so on time, so that I don't dump more money into a course than completely necessary. With this course, I found myself loathing the prospect of torturing myself with the material, that I kept putting it off. I eventually had to come to terms that I hated this whole experience, and canceled my subscription prior to completing even the first course!1.) The videos are absolutely useless - Up-to-date on all the latest and great math jargon? Well, you'd better be, or else you'll find yourself Googling terms like a madman and re-watching the videos over and over, just to get a grasp on what is going on. All this is topped off with the instructor talking a mile a minute (does he even breathe?) and making numerous mistakes throughout the videos. This will then prompt you to pause the video you were watching to go search the forums in order to see if the way you were taught to do something in a previous video was incorrect all along, just to find a post that confirms that the video did in fact have an error. Do yourself a favor and skip directly to the practice quizzes. You'll be equally clueless as to what is going on, but you won't have wasted time by watching pointless videos.2.) I'm assuming the assignments and practices quizzes are in some way correlated to the subject matter depicted in said useless videos in point 1. If there is, then the questions therein are massively beefed up version of the subject. Nothing made me feel quite as stupid as practice quiz 1 of week 4 (this is where I finally gave up and called it quits). The only redeeming factor is that I'm not the only doofus in the room. The student forums are full of equally clueless people.3.) For the price of $50 a month, I expected this course to house all I would need to ease me into the topic of Linear Algebra. Instead, it feels like I've been thrown into the ocean with cinder blocks strapped to my feet without knowing how to swim. Logically, I started grasping for the life boats that are Khan Academy and YouTube. I shouldn't have to go to external resources if I'm paying money to be taught something, but I did. Even though these external resources helped me better understand the concepts, the quiz material still looked like absolutely gibberish to me. That's when I knew this was no "Beginner" course.All said, just buy a Linear Algebra text book off of Amazon if you want to learn this topic. It's cheaper in the long run, and coupled with Khan Academy, it'll get you farther. The only reason it isn't a single star for me is the fact that maybe it is beneficial for people who actually like math.
The teacher's explanation videos are excellent, really really clear: it makes you feel as though they really paid attention on how to deliver the content in the most understandable way possible. The teacher speaks clearly, the audio and the subtitles are on point, etc.  Unfortunately, this all goes in flames when compared to the mess that is the evaluation system, which seems to jump two or three orders of magnitude in difficulty compared to what is actually taught in the lessons. This, in turn, makes it impossible to know whether the failure to get correct answers is due to one's own lack of competence, the bad quality of the lessons, or the lack of competence on the part of those tasked with creating the quizzes.  Based on my experience, as well as on the comments by other people equally baffled by the quizzes -not to mention the almost absolute absence of mentors willing to help out-, I strongly suspect it is the latter.  In my opinion, the course's effectiveness could dramatically increased if it included a lot more exercises at different levels of difficulty, in order for the students to really absorb each unit's contents. This would also have the advantage of preparing them for the really difficult questions on the "big quizzes".
The spends an insane amount of time on easy topics, but glosses over the most difficult conceptual topics in about 3-4 seconds. The quizzes/assessments are either trivially easy, or too difficult to do given what has been covered previously. No relevance for ML is given for the topics covered.
If you are looking for overview on Linear Algebra, you can save USD 40, refer to free material all over Web.  Some videos on Youtube are visually more capturing than blackboard style teaching here. Knowledge of Python is required for this course, though not obvious from start. Would have been good to begin with end in mine - a 5 minute video to explain why Linear Algebra is required for M/c learning can be motivating.
Material is good, the exercises are insane, and you'll spend hours Googling stuff that was breezed over in the videos.
Not intuitive or well explained.  Examples are horrible
The course tries to cover every edge of Linear Algebra but fails to integrate each step with what relationship it has with Machine Learning. Core Formulas and Mathematical derivations are shoved down from throat without any respect for learners from non-engineering or computer science background. Other than week 1,2 rest was completely case study or example less UN-intuitive lectures of matrix formations and transformations. Needs a severe revamp with better examples and broader picture.
The content and the speed are not satisfactory. 
The speed totally hampers the content, lots of things aren't explained especially after Sam took over in the last module. 
Other than the first 2-3 intuition videos  and the programming assignment nothing was good in the 5th module/week. 
It was very very difficult to follow the page rank video. I still don't understand it. For eigen basis I had to refer to other material outside this course.
Mainly explains how to operate with matrices and vectors. Not how to use those in machine learning. If you expect to have a clear view of the usefulness of eigenvectors and eigenvalues in machine learning, this is not your course.
Some concepts were not clearly explained and there were a lot of issues with assignment grading working properly.
Not good, concepts not explained clearly.
Does not explain mathematics in videos
1.) This is definitely not a course for beginners, especially if one does not know how to code OR if he/ she is weak in coding.2.) As far as lectures are concerned, the faculty members/ lecturers are energetic. While some topics have been explained really well, many topics are either left without much explanation. There are some occasional mistakes on the part of faculty, which must've been edited and rectified. They have done good job in converting the lectures in to text. However, there were some mistakes in those texts too.3.) There is no support in discussion forums from the lecturers of this course. I have seen many questions remain unanswered for many months. This is a very big drawback.4.) There is a huge gap between what is being taught in videos and what is being asked in assignments. We can understand this by the following corollary: In the video tutorial one teacher is showing that 1 + 2 = 3. In the assignment, students are being asked to find the roots of a quadratic equation.5.) Some questions and even their answers too technical to be understood by many students. The attempt to explain after the completion of assignment is also too technical. There should be an attempt to dive deeper to help weaker students. If time is the constraint, then make another basic course and let that be a prerequisite of this course. But please, do not mention in the introduction of this course that there is no prerequisite.
It is a little messy: there are no clear definitions of Vector Space, Normed Vector Space, Euclidean Vector Space. Functions as COS and SIN are used to show basic concepts, orthogonal base, and so on. "Projection" concept always relies on base being orthogonal, projection being under 90 degree (what is 90 degree in vector space?), and space being Euclidean, although it is much simpler and applicable for just Vector Space (space without "norm" defined). Good introductory course for high-school; bad for University. Good for kids who just finished learning Pythagoras Theorem, SIN, COS, and basis of Euclidean geometry. Example of house (with number of rooms which is positive Integer number, and price which is positive Decimal) is not really a vector. Examples of non-Euclidean spaces and their applications in machine learning not provided (geometrical deep learning on graphs for example). Basic course for those completely unfamiliar with what "vector" is. Provided tests in Python are confusing because in the context we write vectors (and "base" vectors which matrix consists from) vertically, and in Python - horizontally. For example, [[1,2],[3,4]] is matrix, but it won't transform base vector [1,0] into [1,2]. This is confusing and should be mentioned before test begins.Thank you for helping me to recall this knowledge. I finished three weeks; I may need to update review later.
Course: Definitely target for people that have solid understand of linear AlgebraProfessor: Pluses: Nice  and clear voice, nice demeanor, good energyMinuses: Long and sometimes messy samples presented on the board, not following through with the samples given (changing subjects causing confusion)Area of improvement: It would make more interesting if  would make connection with real life situation where we could make use of the classes. The instruction video made the class appealing because started with an example of a real life situation that could be resolved. It would be wonderful if full course would bring same excitement. Exercises/Tests: Pluses: Unfortunately there was no plus on the exercises. I hate to say that was all pretty bad.Minus: They were confusing. A lot of time did not make connection with what was taught. Area of improvement :  Give explanation of the answers on the test itself and not referring back to the class. Resolving one to one exercise help making sense of the course being studied. Course overall was not good. I am very glad I did not pay for this class. However I do think if the professor changes a few things he can nail this class same way he nailed the intro.
The course seemed rather lazy using classical presentation methods not going the extra mile and benefitting from more model methods of visualisation and interaction. Instead the student has to hear a lot of words and try decipher the language and sketches of the speaker.  I'm a native english speaker and I had problems. Complex subjects need a language that everybody can understand - visualisation.There was finally some interactive visuals, in the fifth and final week, but these seemed more of an after thought. Also they were not integrated into the course. They would have yielded greater benefit if the lecturer used them too and pointed out specific points. Instead this information came from a few lines of explanatory text.Generally the course material seemed like the minimum they could get away with, almost as if coursera charges hosting space.In conclusion, the course has been beneficial, but it could have been so much more beneficial. So next I will look for a course more tightly coupled to my learning style and requirements. If this search fails I may return.
I am new to Coursera so I have no idea of what is standard on here. Maybe this course is good relative to other courses on here, I don't know. However I do know that based on my experience I can not recommend paying for a coursera membership to take this course. This course comes with a total of less than 3.5hrs of instructional video. Considering linear algebra is usually taught with ~45 hrs of classroom instruction, this may seem short.. and it is. The course does a good job at explaining things at a conceptual level however it has few worked through example problems. The course uses quizzes and programming assignments as a way of reinforcing skills that you learn however the correct answers to the  questions on quizzes are never reviewed. So if you get something wrong you'll never know what you did wrong unless you figure it out for yourself. Also the forums don't seem to be useful at all. If you are lucky another student might reply.
The time commitment is not realistic unless you are a math wiz and experienced programmer. Take the timelines and multiply it by at least 5. Videos do an excellent job of presenting theory and application, but there is no supplemental learning material. You can have to find all of that on your own. In general the other students in the course are lost and have no idea what is going on. I recommend that you watch the videos and follow up the subject on something like Khan Academy where you can work through multiple examples. As for the coding part you need to find someone that knows how to code math in python. Would not recommend.
This course was pure torture. Lessons were great and interesting but then you are testied on something entirely different! You would be wise to have some knowledge of Python before starting. Be prepared to spend days trying to pass assessments that were never explained. Oh, and there's no supporting materials to help you navigate! Just thousands of pleas from other students begging for help and guidance. Took me three months to finally complete. I would have dropped by I needed it as a pre-requisite.
I don't think this is a good course. The explanatory videos are not bad and they are easily understood, but they seem to be a series of unrelated concepts, you wouldn't know why those concepts are explained and where the lecturers want to go. There were tasks that had a much higher level of complexity than the videos and other tasks that were trivial. As if that weren't enough, I had repeated problems due to text format in the questions, since it was difficult to distinguish the vectors and matrices.
Very challenging to follow instruction at times.   Needs to update videos so a bit longer in order to effectively teach the content.    Errors with calculations in week 3 with the Composition or combination of matrix transformations video.     I've also had to utilize external resources to adequately understand what is being taught.      I've taken other courses through Coursera and not had this level of frustration with the other courses.
Useful insomuch as it highlights the aspects of linear algebra that are key for machine learning. The lectures and exercises help you get the basics, but if you have any questions, don't expect any help from the forum. I would strongly recommend following MIT 18.06 alongside this course to gain a more solid foundation and because the lectures in 18.06 are genuinely enjoyable.
Too many important elements are skipped in the videos. Either the videos should present the material needed for the quizzes or they should pause and link out to other resources that explain things in useful detail. The instructors' enthusiasm, while very inspiring, does not compenstate for the fact that material relevant to the quizzes is either glossed over or missing.
Great instructions. Instructors appear knowledgeable and eager to convey the subject.Programming exercises are however of very poor quality. Even correct answers are not accepted by the automatic grading system due to its brittle design. Fledgling python programmers run the risk of picking up bad coding habits due to poor code style.
I think that the course is fast-paced and skips building conceptual knowledge. It is understandable that the online course may not be as interactive as classroom programs, in which case, instructors should give some reference to reading material or exercise books to come up to pace with the speed they are flying with in this course
please don't keep the programming quiz ,its irrelevant for what we are learning, because many may not have programming knowledge but they may be strong in maths this will restrict  them from appearing .but overall the video classed are awesome.thank you so much for giving us this opportunity.once again thanks a lot.
Not enough explanation. You learn how to do problems but you dont really understand it on a deeper level. I was able to pass the course but I dont think I learned much passed the examples given. Also, I think for the practice quizzes it would be beneficial to show how to get the correct answers.
Quizes and practice material were either overly repetitive or were not supported by the materials.  If the course is based on exercises, then a bit of time should be spent on review of the solutions and methodologies for solving.  The forum is fairly disorganized so did not solve this purpose.
1) There are not enough examples on some subjects 2) The instructors explained the theories and intuitive behind it very well, but the exercises are sometimes too difficult 3) Coding exercises are very challenging and I'm not sure what good it could bring to my data science journey
This course does a poor job of teaching Linear Algebra, it skims through the topics and gives pretty difficult coding work with poor instruction.  This course should only serve as a refresher, do not expect to learn much past the first 3 weeks.
Not a great course. It started alright but really it lost track after two weeks. No references were made to the actual ML applications. This was more like a pointless Matrix knowledge.
There is hardly any relation between videos and assignments. There should be a way to let the students know the right answers after completing the course to rectify the mistakes.
It was a decent course, but the teachers weren't particularly good. I had to often rely on other resources to figure out what was going on. That kind of ruined it for me.
Not a Good Course for Biggner's. Instructor do not have ability to simply topics taught in this course. They were just copy pasting its materiel from other slides.
Instructor Taught good at the beginning till week 3, but not good after that. very disappointed. Will Never recommend any of my friend or classmate this course.
i have not learned python so i am unable to do the assignments... the classes are too good to miss a certificate, but only if i could manage the assignment...
The final module went too fast and skipped over a lot of explanation. this really does under the good parts up to week four.
Not nearly enough detail on the concepts. I had to watch all of Khan Academy's Linear Algebra course to understand.
Not as challenging. Too basic
not clearly explained
it is too expensive
Eigen vector concept was not clearly explained as to how it applies to real world. But in general great course.
Great and comprehensive course. Videos are very understable and interesting - however the quizzes jump a few times from 1 to 100 in terms of the difficulty and require further study besides what is taught in this course.
Lots of unaddressed inconsistencies.
For the most part, I enjoyed this course. Most of the math explained is fairly easy to understand. They cover the fundamentals of linear algebra, and provide plenty of assignments and practice exercises to test your knowledge. However, some of the video explanations are extremely confusing and feel rushed. For example, some videos in Week 4 and 5 like Reflecting in a plane using Gram-Schmidt and the PageRank algorithm were so hard to understand that I had to learn about them from elsewhere on the internet (I used MIT OCW a lot). This isn't very convenient, especially if you're paying for the course. Furthermore, I felt like more videos explaining the applications of linear algebra in machine learning could've been made, and the ones that were already made could've been made in more detail (for example, the term 'span' was never formally explained). Lastly, I would've loved it if there was another week dedicated solely to introduce the coding bit, because it's really difficult and takes a while if you have little or no prior experience in python. All in all though, I enjoyed this course, and I would recommend trying to complete both Linear Algebra and Multivariate Calculus in one month, because it's not worth paying more than that.
Challenging course. Much more difficult that I expected. It took me 7-9 hours a week. The overall course material itself was good building-blocks to further understand application of machine learning. However, explanation in some topics should have more detailed explanation and examples to further understand the concept. There were many times, I need to re-watch each video over and over again, paused it, and figured things out on my own. The programming assignments were the most challenging task. I just began to learn Python and found it very difficult because there were so many codes I haven't learnt before. I think for those who has not learnt Python at all may find really really difficult to pass the assignments.
The content was good, but a couple of times what was said didn't gel with what was being drawn/written/done. Since I'm learning, this took me longer to double check when I misunderstood something whether it was the concept or a mistake in the delivery.
The topics could be improved in the way they are presented. I always had to search for additional material. However, the course is okay, it could be better, the forum is not that active, and some assignments are good.
many of the activities are excellent, but videos hard to follow along to at times - play them at 0.75 speed if you can. Also, the faculty is not super responsive it seems on discussion boards creating some confusion
Although the course content is good, I feel it could have been done better. I enjoyed the multivariate calculus course compared to this course.
Some exercises are completely incoherent to the preceding videos, which makes it very difficult to solve them. very frustrating
The stated goal of the course is to provide a sufficient base of knowledge in linear algebra for applied data science i.e. (a) to teach linear algebra without gory proofs or endless grinding through algorithms by hand and (b) to foreground geometric interpretations of linear algebra that can be recalled for many data science techniques and visualized with common data science tools. While I appreciate this goal and enjoyed the early foray into projection, I never felt the "a ha" moments I did as an undergrad in a class that used Gil Strang's "Introduction to Linear Algebra" (which I reread alongside this course as a supplement). The course seems to ask for some faith that various concepts introduced earlier in the course will be united by the end, but never makes good; opting instead for a kind of sleight of hand: having students implement the Page Rank algorithm with the intention that this will draw together the core concepts of the course. It could be that I was just looking for a more complete treatment of the subject than the course ever intends to offer, but I strongly felt that with a bit of restructuring, that the subject could be presented primarily intuitively, but with a level of clarity and artfulness in its conclusion that will ensure that students remember the core concepts beyond when they remember its presentation.
As of this writing, I am almost done with week 4 of Mathematics for Machine Learning: Linear Algebra. The content of the course is excellent and professor David Dye's lectures are to be commended no doubt. The reason for my low rating is because the programming assignments are broken and that's really not acceptable for paid offering such as this. To clarify, at various points throughout this course, students are asked to complete a programming assignment. The student is presented with a button which says, "Open Notebook". The student is supposed to click this button and be redirected to a Jupyter Notebook (and interactive Python execution environment). Unfortunately, instead of being redirected, click on this button results in a "404 Not Found" error. There are various discussions in the class discussion forum regarding this issue (some months old), but no action has been taken to resolve this issue. Luckily, someone taking the course managed to find the programming assignments and posted them on google docs for others to use. I've been working these which is fine, but as I said, we're paying for these courses, someone should be resolving this.
I never took Linear Algebra in university. The last time I got exposed to this topic was more than 10 years ago when I was still in junior high. This course is very condensed. Each video covers each topic relevant to ML very briefly and the instructors go very fast on explaining each topic. This means students have to do a lot more research on their own to really comprehend the concepts. What's nice about this course is the programming assignments. They give you a chance to apply math concepts to the computational model. Something like this you wouldn't have a chance to do if you don't spend on an online course like this one, I guess. Overall, I think this course provides values in a way that gives you an overview of how Linear Algebra is used in ML. For me personally, I know I still need to consult other sources online to further understand Linear Algebra as I'm not sure that after finishing this course I've got adequate knowledge to pursue ML. What all that said, hence I give this course 3 stars.
The lecture material in this course is great, and the quizzes are a lot of fun and it provides good resources for learning. However, the programming assignments are a pain due to lack of guidance and the grades are penalized due to minor things like indentations as opposed to actual math errors.  This isn't a python course, its a math course, and grades should be awarded and penalized based on the math skills one has acquired throughout the course, not on the programming or whether an indentation is off. I highly recommend the course to learn linear algebra but I strongly encourage the instructors to improve the programming assignments or alter the assessment methods.
It must be difficult to pitch the level of these courses. I have been taught Data Science whilst on an apprenticeship but didn't feel the maths was taught rigorously enough and hoped this would fill gaps of in knowledge. The breadth of the concepts covered on the course achieved that but a lot of research was required from other resources to clarify certain topics which is why I think a beginner rating for this course might not be fair.If you are not confident with maths, this course is achievable but expect to devote time to on other sites. The PDF supplement is concise but useful for reference
Sometime the course does not clarify some principle. Also, I still cannot understanding that why the eigenvectors have relationships with page rank and why can we use the probability of reaching the link to each page as a vector. I cannot understand the relationship. Plus, the final quiz contains something that I have not learnt in the course, such as damping. I still cannot understand the Quiz2-5. I learn much in courses week 1-4, but I am much confused about the week 5. Thank you for listening.
Fiirstly, going with the positives , the instructors were clear and effective in teaching the subject. Also,the feedback from the assignments were also good .Video quality was amazing.I also felt that it was a very brief course, not worth an average Indian father's one week income.Also there was no option for Audit. Also, most assignment were substandard and involved lot of calculations which I felt is a waste of time. The coding assignments were also pretty simple and straight-forward.
Your discussion forum really needs to be better. It seems to be the only place where any sort of doubt clearing can be done and very rarely have I seen TA's answering unless it's a grading issue. The problem with this sort of answering is that if any coding concepts are unclear, either they are solved by trial and error or after going through Google multiple times. And for a course that is paid for, I shouldn't have to make this much of an effort just to have my doubts cleared.
The course starts well and in general the first instructor does a good job trying to help the student develop an intuition of the concepts. However, weeks 4 and 5 are extremely weak. Very important concepts like eigenvalues and eigenvectors are poorly explained. The final quiz on these concepts asks questions that were never discussed or explained in the videos. I found I needed to go elsewhere on the Internet (like 3Brown1Blue) just to help me get through some of the quizes.
This course is not very hard for students with some maths foundations like me, but the programming assignment is too hard, even though I knew some basic Python knowledge. Two lecturers sometimes could not explain one concept clearly with some typical examples. I could only learn by doing assignments or use formulas to calculate without real understanding. This course is only for some basic concepts but not solid learning.
The videos were well structured, but the quiz sometimes were far more difficult than the practice questions in video. I had posted on forum but no comment nor reply. Quiz answers were not elaborate enough to understand after making mistakes. So I had to ask my father who's extremely good at maths many times, for explanations. Without hi help I might not have been able to understand as well. Need improvement.
The course starts off well enough, but by week 4 the intuition for certain concepts is not imparted well at all, and the correspondence between notation from the lectures and that used in the practice quizzes breaks down badly. I gave it 3 stars instead of 2 stars because the geometric intuition that is imparted is quite good, even though at times the notation is sloppy!
Having no background in linear Algebra made it difficult to complete the quizzes, assignments and exams.  Even with the instruction (which was good) I found the hands on portions to be different from what was being explained in the videos.  I will instead have to take the key concepts and do more research on my own to fully understand them.
Like most of Coursera's courses there are no staff members available in the forums (which is extremely shameful for Coursera - repeating the same boring pattern over the years). Don't even try it if you have never seen linear algebra or python before. Otherwise, it's useful for practicing a few concepts or refreshing others.
Nice course, with many insights. Sometimes the topics are given too quickly, I would have rather preferred less arguments but discussed more thoroughly. Nevertheless, I think this is a good one, especially if you've already got some background and you're looking for some general content to build upon it using academic books.
Very challenging and interesting. However, the last module was a bit confussing and needed to look for materials on the Internet to really grasp a bit of understanding on the subject. Although sometimes frustrating, I think it is a good start to recap mathematics with a very practical approach.
Teaching quality is good overall, except for a few jumps towards the end, where it's hard to follow. Quizzes and assignments well designed.Unfortunately, and contrary to other courses I've taken, the forum seems completely un-monitored (as of May 2019), so don't expect much help from there.
Overall, it was a good summary to understand linear algebra. To get into the topic, I had to read through additional material as the videos and tasks provided in this course were a little shallow to my liking. I, personally would have liked more applicable machine learning examples.
I believe that the programming required in the assignments are not beginner level. I had never coded on Python before and I thought that there wasn't enough support on how to test my code before submitting, for example. On the other hand, the math topics were really interesting.
It was too fast for me. I answered many questions just by chance. But i got an overview of the concepts like diagonalisation , inverse, transpose, basis, span , eigen and so on. I am hoping that i will build on this.
I am feeling like something is missing during the last part of the course when it comes to Page Rank Algorithm. There should be more explanation to how the math works or comes to its formula.
The assignments kill this course, great instructors, and pace, in my opinion. (I am a beginner in linear algebra and I understood the concepts without needing Google or external resources)
I think the course is more suitable for those who have had comprehensive theoretical knowledge in linear algebra and intend to learn more about its practical use and its relevance to code.
Overall course was good, I have learnt few new concepts which I haven't know till now. But at the end, things were not clear while putting all together for solving page rank algorithm.
Linear Algebra content is great, however, was not aware that a huge portion of grade is based on Python programming exercises!!!  Only need to learn Linear Algebra, not programming!!!
Intuitive geometrical representations of eigenvalues and eigenvectors in 3blue1brown style. Had some concerns with a few theoretical inaccuracies of the material presented.
It was a good to review linear algebra again and see how what I learned in my first year course at university could be applied here! Plus it was good to see Python again.
The course feels very disorganized in general. Some quizzes are about 10 standard deviations from the average difficulty, which is befuddling to say the least.
It is good course for machine learning. But I didn't fully understand the page rank system with damping. More explanation of damping is needed for the newbie.
Transition from explanation of basic to advanced concepts could have been better. There was an assumption that few things was already know to the learner.
Not enough focus on how material connects to machine learning. A case study example would help, as would a very slow, detailed step-by-step illustration.
Nice one. But realized I needed more foundation on this matter. So decided to abandon and level up my topic knowledge in Khan Acadamy. I will be back.
I think this course is a little bit hard for a beginner with python. And I hope that the teacher can talk more about the Machine learning part.
Answers to Several questions in Week 5 quiz  around eigen values and eigen vectors need to be revisited as they donot appear to be correct.
The course gives a good beginner-friendly Introduction to Linear Algebra. But the courses could cover a little more topics in LA.
I would give it 3.7, examples are good but the vectors the lecturer draw were no easy to understand because of drawing by hand.
The Eigen system could have been better explained. The last quiz was too hard and the concepts required were not covered
Lot of the concepts seemed glossed over and could have used more guided practice and/or linkages to real world problems.
This course would be perfect if more elaboration on the maths required to complete the quizzes, was provided.
i expected a practical mathematic approach rather than only mathematical approach.but page rank algo is good
Overall good, but some nasty difficulty with the programming assignments... especially the last one.
Everything is good. But I still don't have any idea about how I will use this in Machine learning.
Good material if you want to refresh your knowledge, poor programming assignment support/feedback
Repetitive/redundant questions in the assignment and minimal use of coding during the videos
The videos need to be updated, there are quite some errors that are already identified...
Explainations was  good  but some topics  was difficult to get may be due to my basics
Some of the quizzes go beyond what is in the videos and often spent ages on them.
Enough gaps that I finished feeling like I really had no idea what was going on.
Requires an understanding of python that doesn't seem to be expressed anywhere
I did not see any specific application of what was learned to Machine Learning
All in all this course served as a good refresher for linear algebra.
Really difficult to understand the explanations of the course.
The course is good but the explanations are not clear enough.
not well explained...Rather than this go for khan's academy
Good for rivision but I will not recommend to beginner.
Good, but a lot of stuff is not explained in detail
some lessons don't cover knowledge for assignment
explanation not very clearnot enought examples
they should provide more examples
The style of teaching is great.
found the course too basic
Mostly a very solid course. There are some poor descriptions of certain concepts, though, and students are expected to fill in some gaps to what I perceive as an unreasonable degree.
The course is very good, almost perfect for my purposes. I liked specially the effort to make the students get the necessary intuition instead of pushing a lot examples as many other MOOC usually do. But I've noticed some negative points. I ask you to take my critic as a sincere effort to improve the course and eliminate some mistakes that really matters to the students. The last quiz seems quite disconnected with the lectures and there isn't a support guide or tutorial not even a mentor answering the questions in the week 5 forum. Some mistakes on videos (eigenvalues and eigenvectors) were confirmed by the lecturer but never corrected. Not even a errata on resources section. Talking about the resources, I think it is very poor. Cousera has many better examples.
This course is phenomenal, It helped me to refresh a lot of skills that I learned at my college and at the same time I learned a bit on how to introduce all this matrixes into a programming assignment which are by the way extremely hard because I am a novice at programming. It helped me to see other subitems such as Gramm Schmitt and eigenvectors that I did not see on college, I understood them but not a 100%, I guess an 75% is an average. Thanks Coursera and Imperial College London for this awesome course. I had to search other books to comprehend the subject, but next time, be more detailed.
A very good introduction but some of important content need to use another provider (Kahn academy) to understand completly
totally enjoyed it. requires a bit of side research as any online course would. some of the quizzes were not directly related to the video that preceded them as one would expect. However, a fun course and covers a lot of important basics for it's relatively short duration.
This course reviews the essential concept of linear algebra in the context of machine learning. However, it would be much better if it provided more optional exercise and reading materials.
decent course. It gives a good enough background to understand the mathematics necessities of many areas of data science. could be more thorough and dive deeper into some of the content.
Good course because it shows how to understand geometrically, things that I had hitherto only understood computationally.
It's a good overview.  I think that to get a lot out of this course it would help to have at least encountered basic matrices, vectors etc before.  It's not that these concepts aren't introduced it's just that I can imagine if you have never encountered these things before you might get overwhelmed a bit quickly.  It would also help if you have some rudimentary knowledge of programming i.e. know basic syntax, what a for loop or a while loop is and other basics.  I know a bit of programming and i'm pretty ok at math so the course was manageable for me. Especially good was showing how all of the concepts learnt can be applied to understanding the Google Page Rank algorithm.The best part of this course is the conceptual overview it gives and the instructors constantly reiterate how this type of understanding is more important than just being able to chug through a whole lot of algebra.  Computational skills aren't really that important because apart from very basic examples, a computer is pretty much necessary to do the calculations anyway and as we all know, just because you know how to plug stuff into a formula doesn't mean you have the faintest idea what you are actually doing!I think a very bright person could probably fully understand this course coming at it from scratch but I know that I would have struggled if i'd never glanced at the math or done some basic programming before.
I would give this course 5 stars for the fact that in five weeks, the course is able to go through perhaps a semester or two or three of Linear Algebra (LA), and how LA fits into data science.  I gave it four stars because I believe the program should include lots of links to reference and learning aid resources.  Because I had done a couple other courses on LA relatively recently, some these arcane LA concepts were grasped with some, but not too much, effort.If you are even just a little familiar with LA, this course will give you a good foundation for the LA relative to data science.  So, if this is you, and you want to get into Machine Learning (ML) to understand how ML works internally, then jump right in.Thanks to all who contributed to make this a great ride.
Overall, the course is good and well worth your time if you goal is to brush on Linear Algebra. It is pretty important that you have been exposed to linear algebra before though, as some topics are covered pretty quickly. My only complaint is that there was a lot of unnecessary obfuscation. The lectures constantly alluded to things without actually naming them (e.g., gradient descent in one of the earlier lectures). I found the "Essence of Linear Algebra" video series on YouTube to be invaluable to actually making sense of some of the lectures in this course, so if you do take this course I suggest doing the same!
For purposes of learning (refreshing) linear algebra for machine learning, this course is a great tool. There were some blips here and there, where the explanations are lacking , but overall a good resource. i have to add that this combined with 3Blue1brown LA series provides optimal learning than the course alone. 3Blue1Brown provides better intuition while this course will walk you through the more rigorous math part of it. for best results ofcourse you may have to do solve lots of Text book problems yourself. (there is a recommended text book, but not necessary for passing grade or completing course)
Actually I have learned linear algebra before but forget a lot, so I want to use this course to review it and help me prepare for the study of machine learning. As a computer science student(sophomore), I think the coding assignments are too easy for me. But it indeed introduce the core concept and equations in linear algebra, which are quite useful for future learning. In my opinion, freshman students or students just graduated from high school may feel more satisfied with this course. And it is better for students who have learned linear algebra before to find harder courses to learn.
Good course for your first step into machine learning. Very engaging. Great application with the PageRank problem. The course does dive into the core understandings of linear algebra and you do develop a sound mathematical intuition. The coding isn't very difficult and has been eased for non-programmers. However, what happened for a keen learner like myself is that I wrote code which I didn't understand very well myself, but still managed to get a full score. This made me a bit uneasy. Otherwise, an awesome course to get started on and it is possible to finish in two weeks.Enjoy!!
Excellent course to refresh linear algebra basics, build intuition and see the subject from a machine learning perspective. I wouldn't recommend it for people that are new to the subject, since the pace is fast, much is omitted and the assignments aren't always easy. Every now and then, the calculations come before the intuition, which can be tricky to follow. However, most of the course is very didactic and the combination of videos and challenges kept me motivated throughout.   I suggest the youtube channel of 3Blue1Brown whenever you feel lost with the subject at hand.
The lectures from the instructors were well-thought-out and planned, which gave it a clear line of reasoning and allowed them to give good examples. However, some parts of the content are glossed over, especially with the introduction to matrices. The instructor does not define what a matrix is and how basic operations with matrices work, though this is done when they introduce vectors. Overall, I would have liked a more rigorous and mathematical explanation of the content, but the course does do a good job of building an intuitive understanding of the topics.
The instructors explained the topics almost clearly. I would say the assignments were a bit difficult and did not have any explanations by instructors in the videos. More importantly, the support of instructors in the forums is very poor. Many people have had issues but there has not been any answer provided by the instructors. The submission of the assignments were a nightmare since grading of the coding gives a lot of issues even if the assignment is correctly done. With more support by the instructors in the discussion forums could be a much better course.
This was a really good refresher for material I learned long ago. The instructors were enthusiastic and engaging, and the production quality was good. The material is pretty abstract, however, and as with any brief course, it is difficult to develop a truly deep intuition about the subject without much further study and practice. I like that the homework was quantitative and required me to think carefully and practice the mechanics of doing the math. If nothing else, taking this course has me wanting to keep studying Linear Algebra!
Instructors have done a really good job at introducing the fundamentals specially from a graphical point of view which allows you to build your grasp strongly around the topics in a way that is not accomplished in a traditional college classroom. However, I would say perhaps there could be more challenging questions on the real world applications of linear algebra in machine learning followed by in-depth step-by-step solutions in order to really get the application-based learning inside your meat.
I like the the structure of explaining the theory using examples (in this case, geometric/visual examples). However, I would love to have further understanding on the basic linear algebra topics (or at least be linked to websites that explain this further) to allow flexibility to students like me who has zero knowledge on linear operations.  Overall, I was able to overcome the challenged through self learning, understand the concepts well, and appreciate the applications in machine learning.
Thanks a lot for this course! The explanations and lecturer work were brilliant!It's very good for introduction but it lacks a strict wording, definitions and some generalizations. Especially in the section of changing basis. When after considering a number of examples, I really want to move on to the general case.Anyway, you've a made a great work because anyone without any preparation can get acquainted with very deep mathematical ideas.
This is a very good course and helped me a lot in getting  started with going through  mathematical concepts of machine learning. It has taught me lot oh Linear algebra stuffs in a very intuitive way. However the quality of assignments could have been better and some of the concepts that were important and needed more explanation was skimmed through rather quickly. However, I am really satisfied with the overall learning that i got.
Excellent instructors and video quality. Some frustrating elements with assignments being either somewhat unclear or redundant. The only severe flaw was that grader feedback was entirely pointless, as it made no effort to even give an example of what went wrong. Simply saying that something was incorrect without providing, say, an example of the input matrix that failed, in no way helped advance my understanding of the problem.
Python. Python is needed. It'll be very hard to progress without that. Otherwise, the course is great. Instructors are good. Week 5 is sort of a stretch. The Page Rank Algorithm is not really explained well (some say that it is not explained completely) and dedicating an entire week to just eigenthings does not make a lot of sense. The exercises are good though. A good introduction to the basics of Linear Algebra.
Video lectures are great and really help with understanding why you are learning the material and what the concepts mean.  The programming assignments and quizzes are challenging.  There were some cases where I did not understand the quiz question and did not know why I got it wrong or even correct if I guessed.  Access to solutions after completing a graded assignment or even after the course would be beneficial.
It's quite good. The material implies they are aiming to teach linear algebra and basic Python programming basically from scratch, but it goes over topics so quickly and skims over so many details that I suspect this course only works if you've studied much of it before. Even though I have studied much of this before I still had to go and find other sources of information, as the explanations here are so brief.
Generally great course. Explanations are very clear. Cons: ① no textbook/slides/reading materials etc., have to take notes and screenshots for every single thing you want to record. ② The content is not enough. Way too less knowledge covered than college-level linear algebra course. I took this course to refresh my knowledge and it turned out that more than half of the contents are the ones I still remember.
Eigenvalues and eigenvectors while explained conceptually very well, the jump to page rank and transformations using them was bit hand wavy. May be it is not that important or the topic is too complex. I think I have to go through it multiple times to get the gist of it once again. I might if there is real applciation of it in ML.The course is still very good and thank you for sharing it with us.
Without having taken a Linear Algebra course previously, I thought the course was worthwhile to introduce topics. However, I had to spend ample time researching outside of the course IOT learn. In addition, although I was introduced to many LA topics, I still need additional practice in grasping certain concepts. This course is a good introduction to topics you'll have to research on your own.
It's a really good course with great tutors, really engaging and easy to follow. It can be very challenging at times if you don't come from a maths background. There are some assignments which are much harder than the examples in the lectures so some extra material to help you with those assignments would be great, otherwise personally they demotivated me. Other than that the course was good.
Having last taken linear algebra many years ago this course was a welcome refresher.  Overall the course is excellent with clear explanations, good examples, and opportunities to practice your newly learned skills.  That said the last assessment on eigenvectors did not evaluate learning and skills as much as reasoning about special cases and focused on problems better solved computationally.
I have experience with python numpy and pandas, so I found the assignments reasonable, but i think the programming assignments can be confusing to someone who has never coded before. There're a few times when I found myself lost in the instructor's explanation and needed to find more clarification online, but overall the videos are of great quality. It's a great course for self learning!
The biggest problem of this course is that dot-products are introduced before linear transfomations. I understood dot products through 3blue1brown videos and they are more intuitively explained as the product of the lengths of the projection and the vector projected onto. It is a subset of linear transformation a matrix vector multiplication where one of vectors is transposed.
I'm sad, because I finished the course, but instead of a solid understanding of linear algebra, I mostly feel confusion and frustration from what I was not able to ask the professors. But overall, the instructional videos are high quality, and the quizzes were challenging. At least it forced me to think critically about the subject, so I don't think it was a waste of my time.
The course generally is good. However I think there are some problems in this course: 1. The course pace is too fast,  some concepts are hard to understand with few minutes lecture   2. The after-practice didn't help me to boost my understanding to the lecture. Even after I finished the practice, I still wonder why this happens   3. The final quiz has too much calculations.
I was expecting a lot from the course. But, it covers only the very basic portions. For example, I am not sure if I can start understanding the difficulties with normal equations and portions of linear algebra based on calculus. Also, it does not discuss parallelism of ML with linear algebra. I am not sure if this will help me read and understand Andrew Ng's ML papers.
The course content was spot-on, covering some of the most important basics for math in machine learning. I wish there were more programming exercise based assignments and less hand-calculation based quizzes to make it close to real world applications. Overall, loved this course and highly recommend it to data science enthusiasts taking baby steps towards deep learning.
This course has provided everything that it had promised. The professors of this course are really knowledgeable about the topics and the use of real life examples by them to explain each concept proves really helpful. Overall, this course would be a really good starting point for anyone willing to start their journey in the world of Machine Learning and Data Science.
Great course, but difficulty spikes after the first few weeks and problems become much more challenging, albeit far more interesting though.  The course reaches its peak when it challenges you on the interesting problems presented to you during the last few weeks.  You may need to have some basic understanding of algebra and a bit of calculus too before starting.
Really Good course for people having some basic linear algebra knowledge. They could have done better on explaining some concepts rather than rushing through it... But a great refresher course... One recommendation would be to suggest good books for Linear Algebra that might be helpful for students who take this course, some book which can accompany this course.
I feel like some part should've gone a bit more in depth. Due to time constraints for the course, I guess that's why some topics where not developed further. Would be quite nice in these cases if you could point to other sources, books, etc. Or maybe do a compilation of sources based on what the students have used to get unstuck on particular issues.
I loved doing this course. I did this course to revisit the concepts I have learned in my undergraduate, I remember most concepts but there are few moments where I have to watch videos again and again to follow along, anyone who is beginner might find it a bit intimidating, but don't give up just follow along and connect the dots between concepts.
I think this is a great review of linear algebra, especially for someone who has already previously studied the topics.The example with the PageRank algorithm was very interesting and a great add to the course.Possibly a downside of the course was a lack of practice of the material, especially considering how easy the notebook assignments are.
The course and the faculty were amazing altogether. All my queries regarding linear algebra were cleared and I began to look at linear algebra in a new eye. The only flaw was inaccessibility to the correct Notebook link. Only after going through the forum was I able to get the correct link as it was, luckily, posted by someone.
Good for starters. It gives a holistic view of linear Algebra. Geometric interpretation of Eigen Vectors was the highlight of the course for me as I wasn't aware of it before and the instructor helped me understand the concept very well! Thanks for putting forth this course and hope to see more in the forthcoming sessions :)
Overall, I thought this course was worth the time. Some of the material was challenging, but the instructors were pretty good at explaining clearly.  Just a head's up: there is relatively little reading material here, so if you struggle to learn through videos you might have a hard time. That part was a challenge for me.
Good course overall and I enjoyed the top-down approach in instruction, which helped me understand the big picture before proceeding to do specific linear algebra computations. However, I wish there were more lecture contents and exercises to help me build a better foundation and clear up occasional confusions.
The course already cover all some of essential topics in linear algebra is is a good course to refresh linear algebra and get hands on coding on how we can use linear algebra for computation. I would be great if the course also covers other essential topics such as null space, column space, pre-image, and image
Great course!! The instructors taught in a great way with proper visualization and real-world applications.But more examples of implementing in machine learning could have been included and a bit more concepts could have been taught.Overall great one. Thank you coursera, Imperial college and both instructors.
I have 2 years of experience with coding. I took this course to refresh my knowledge of mathematics before I start using machine learning techniques. This course sometimes gave us the basic knowledge which helped to apply real-world situations. However, I feel like I need more exercises, basic explanations.
Filled in a lot of knowledge gaps that I should have learned in high school or undergrad.  I feel much more prepared for graduate studies in data science.  4 stars because the last module felt rushed.  I felt that I learned more from trial and error on the quiz than from the lecture videos.
The content is good, and I can see that the instructors are trying to let students understand the mechanism behind the calculations. However, the lectures are too short for students to fully understand everything. I would suggest to extend the length of the videos and provide more details.
Very good class. Outstanding instructors very clearly teaching key concepts in linear algebra. I only docked one star for two reasons:I wish they explained in more depth how the linear algebra topics are used in machine learning. I wish the class were a little longer and more in-depth.
While they explain the basic concepts of linear algebra, sometimes the programming assignments are tricky and some of the quizzes are too complicated to complete with our current knowledge. However, the course is worth taking if you want a solid math background for machine learning.
the lectures were very good and on point, obviously referring the prescribed textbooks will further improve one's knowledge about the subject. i really enjoyed the programming part of the assignments, which were made to help students without any prior experience of python language.
It would be better if it pointed out the pre-requisites of this course. Besides, the submission process of Jupyter notebook doesn't work directly. These issues need to be solved. Other than these issues, the course itself is pretty informative and the instructors are well prepared.
Great course, offers a nice introductory base you can use to further your knowledge without having to take a full three month course on linear algebra, allows you to dig into some interesting stuff earlier on. Could have used a bit more feedback for quizzes and assignments though.
The instructors were great. They explained the topics nicely. But this course should add more clarification of different topics in the video section. And it would be great if the instructors could add some programming examples in the videos. Then the course will be more helpful.
The examples were relevant, and I could follow along with them on my own.  The programming assignments helped to complete the understanding of the processes.  I would've liked more examples to work through for practice, and to improve understanding.  Otherwise, it was great.
Nice and simple to learn. You'll get intuition of what matrices do and ways to look at a matrix. However, like the instructors say, this does not include all of linear algebra. I do believe it provides a very good gateway to reading further topics on linear algebra though.
The basic geometry explained by the tutor is amazing especially the dot product, determinant, etc. Although the program assignments suffices for its purpose, I would have enjoyed more if it would have been little more challenging. Overall, this course rocks on its purpose.
The last module seemed a bit hurried. More videos could have been made regarding the topics in the last module. The video on PageRank algorithm should have more illustrative examples for allowing the students to visualize. Apart from that, this was an amazing course!
This is good course, anyway I miss a couple of things: First, it is needed some experience in Maths, the concepts are explained by word in the videos, making some drawings. I missed some slideshows. Secondly, it is okay if your familiar to Python's library Numpy.
The first three weeks' courses are a little too primary for me, while the last two weeks' courses bring some good insights with interesting examples. In a nutshell, this course is qualified as an introduction to the core of linear algebra and deserves a thumb-up!
This course is good for developing some intuition regarding vectors, matrix, eigenvectors. It would be very helpful if the final week had some more video lectures explaining things a bit more. The quiz is too tough if someone only base his study on the lectures.
Excellent course and very practical; it's really focused on machine learning and there's the opportunity to learn some coding in Python. I would recommend it to everyone interested in machine learning.  I give it 4 stars because there's always room to improve.
As I person who have 2 Masters Degrees in Law and Agriculture this course sometimes was to challenging. May be it's good reminder for those who have some strong math background, but you'll need to read and watch all lot of additional material in another case.
Course was very interesting but found some difficulties in the assignment section as it took almost hour to understand it. But, the course was very nice and also  it help me to recollect all the mathematics part of Linear Algebra that I've studied earlier.
I am a computer scientist and this course served me to refresh all that concepts and exercises that I studied at the university, I only would ask to improve of the notebook's availabilty because sometimes I got disconnected and had to start all over again.
Multiplying 2x2 matrices by hand drives me crazy! Why instructors waste precious online time on that crap? Two, three matrix multiplications by hand during the lecture is perfectly OK with me, but why to do it over and over? The same with the exercises.
As someone with a bit of a background in linear algebra, this course is perfect in being a refresher to the said course. But unfortunately, especially for those who are completely new to the subject, the hurried explanations will leave some confused.
Great course, especially the first 4 weeks with David Dye. Unfortunately the lecturer in the 5th week is much harder to follow, and I needed to reference some additional youtube videos outside the course to get an intuitive grasp of the concepts.
Great lectures and wonderful scrutiny of matrices and vectors. Exploration of machine learning using Python, but the interface and project upload are somewhat kludgy. Stick with it and you can get the fundamentals even if the coding doesn't work.
The course was great for me. It opens up new perspective to some vector and matrix application. However, I must admit that you must have strong background with math before taking this course, as I was little bit struggling with matrix part.
It's by far the toughest course that I've done on Coursera. And at the same time the most rewarding upon completion. The course content is very applicable in the real world and it's definitely something that any ML specialist should know.
Great content, well explained, it's an overview of Linear Algebra relevant to Machine Learning, not a full blown course. Some of the assignments need clarity, especially the Python assignments. There is no faculty/staff to ask questions.
The lectures are excellent, but the scarcity of traditional math assignments prevented intuitive and reinforced learning. Thus the course should be considered a brief glance at linear algebra, rather than a proper course on the subject.
The pedagogy could use some reviewing, but the concepts and especially the reviews are generally laid out logically, and relatively easy to go through. Still recommend looking up things on the side through YouTube when you're stuck.
There were many concepts which were totally new to me and many were known to me but I couldn't relate them with the machine learning problems now an I am able to do all those problems easily so thanks a lot Coursera and ICL team.
It is a good course on Linear Algebra. The teaching was excellent, all the assignments were challenging with some easy ones in the middle to boost your learning process, altogether I am happy to cover it with good understanding.
This course has great content and great way of teaching by instructors however the instructions in the programming exercises is not very clear. I hope the instructors take note of that. Overall, a fantastic Course content wise!
Being at an advance level of study, this course seems to easy to me but what I recommend is that any undergraduate or postgraduate student will definitely gain many interesting facts about linear algebra from this course.
It could be good to have more explanation about eigenvalues and eigenvectors because it is an important topic for data science. In general it is a very good course, you explained many topics in a simple and funny way.
I enjoyed learning in this course. There are a lot of different aspects that are covered here which is very interesting but I course is not for absolute beginners. It will be better if someone has a bit of background.
Nicely structured courses with enthusiastic teachers. Interactive enough to keep you thinking (which is key). Some errors here and there and short moments of not enough explanation. But all in all an enjoyable course.
Great course to understand how linear algebra is related to machine learning. Focused on the concepts, and the concepts work rather than calculations. Would be easier if there was prior knowlodge of python and numpy.
This is a great course. The only thing is sometimes the calculations are hard to follow. I wonder if it is possible to let viewers click through a calculation process at their own pace. But the instructors are great!
excellent course to understand the linear algebra as a tool for problem solving in machine learrning though it not help directly but give you the strong understanding the fundamentals which will help in the future
I used to think that where are we going to use these matrices eigen values and vectors in real.. and I've got my answer from this course...Thanks to the professors  who had given clear view on these topics...
Great instructors, excellent content. I would like to see more practical use cases of the material (at least as a self-study reading). And please add an explanation behind formulas for the eigenvectors part.
Fast paced linear Algebra, perfect to get refreshed. Might be too concise for those who learned Math not in English a few decades ago, will require to browse Forum for additional links to read on the side.
Great primer. Covers most of the important themes of LinAlg needed for applying machine learning, and also provides really good intuition. Useful for those wanting to sharpen up before further study of ML.
It's a great course as a refresher, but for mostly folks with a lot of time. The assignments are fair, but sometimes it's dive-in kind of stuff, whereby the assignment itself is the instructive example.
An outstanding course which builds your mathematical intuition rather to prepare you for mathematical calculations. My opinion is that its contribution is significant in the pool of courses in coursera.
even though my code was right in the last assignment the grader kept getting timed out. it took 3 days to work and in the end the code was same. the course on the other hand was quite good and easy.
Great content and direction. Only negative is the sometimes frustrating experience with the Jupyter Notebooks: debugging what has gone wrong is very difficult, due to a lack of good error messages.
Be careful as a beginner in coding. It might be frustrating from time to time. I have spent the majority of my timing on the coding . At the end worthwhile, but did not feel that way at that time
Good, but sometimes it is neccessary to look for supporting materials. I took this course in combination with MIT course in LA and this offered another, more practice oriented, view on the topic.
The course is a great resource to brush up on the fundamentals of linear algebra and learn about the meaning behind the math.It prepares people for any further courses which use linear algebra.
This course was very insightful.  The instruction was well done with expressing the intuition, but the process was left vague on a few concepts and required me to look up worked out examples.
The course was good but it could have been better if the exercises had more difficult questions or probably a section with more difficult questions using the concepts that were taught.
1.Need more clarity on calculating Eigen vectors using back substitution of Eigen values.2. Power Iteration method for the Page Rank Algorithm should be more specific and clear.
The course can help me more clearly when approach some algorithms in the optimize function of Machine learning. Thanks coursera and  Imperial London College about this course. .
The instructors and the way of their explanation are a huge benefit of this course. The intuition they provided each step in Linear and Vector Algebra are really appreciable.
It's a very good course given that it's so short. It was exactly what I was expecting. I thought it could have had more examples of solving problems with specific techniques.
Very interesting presentation of matrices and vectors. The questions in quizzes could be improved by making them clear. May be you could add another course on eigen analysis.
Topics are explained neatly but lacked in depth explanation  in few topics and i suggest to include more application oriented examples to every topics covered in the course.
Good Course, It shows Linear Algebra from different perspective. You should not be good in math because the math is not advanced here, but you should be excellent in Python.
It really was useful, but need a little bit more concentrated discussion forums. cause many questions were still unanswered there.but thank you all, it really helped me :)
I think the concepts are explained clearly, with ample examples to real life. Much easier to understand this time around. The coding labs could use more pointers though.
it is quite intuitive, the programing tools are easy to use. I think its perfect for those people who have some math background but don't want to go deeper into theory
The course by no means replace a full semester course on linear algebra, but it´s useful for those who had already had a course on L.A. years ago and want a refresher.
The course is a good review of linear algebra for machine learning. But It would have been better if there were more code exercises and if they were more challenging.
Brushes over a lot of relevant topics, but if you want something more in-depth, definitely take something on Khan Academy, or your local university/community college.
Excellent introduction to linear algebra fundamentals, even with little/no prior exposure.  Familiarity with programming concepts makes later exercises much easier.
It is a good course for beginners and to revise the concept. I feel the lack of explanation in some concepts which could have been avoided by providing references.
Short and fast crash course for brushing up linear algebra. Its better to take Khan academy tutorials and then start this to finish fast and understand the logics.
the course is  good, there should be more detailed explanation of the topic, the assignments are good and keep our learning at top notch. Thank you so much team.
Some material not covered well enough to pass and I am a pretty proficient student. Some material seems a little out of place with the progression of the course
Gives a good intro to some of the basic linear algebra - however would have been happier to see more details in the handling of eigen vectors and eigen values.
The course is pretty helpful as a recap for linear algebra and has nice explanations to set up your intuition for the core mathematical concepts of the field
This was a great course, however you should expect to have some foundation in linear algebra to begin with and use this as a supplement to your knowledge
Great course !! though not it deals everything in depth or covers wider topics it definitely helps with the basics and introduces well to the subject ...
This is a great course, but some of the quizzes are quite difficult. If there were more explanation on the quizzes, this course would be just perfect!
An intersting course. It was let down by the fact that there was no involvement by the staff in answering students questions as far as I could see.
Its such an amazing course that refreshed me quite well. It only needs some solved problems to get used to the way of solving for more applying.
Course is very well taught and the focus on intuition is super useful. It would be nice to get into advanced topics after the intuition is built
Excellent course. Lots of practical examples. Explanations are clear. I would suggest adding a summary of the lectures in form of some document.
Good course on reviewing linear algebra fundamentals.  I greatly appreciated the instructors' teaching styles and made the material practical.
The course helps in understanding the linear algebra in all aspects i.e algebraic as well as graphical and finally implementing it in a code.
Good overall, but i regret that the professor lacked deep understanding for some concepts, which made his explanations not clear by moments !
Assignments are challenging and certainly the course is excellent for a beginner, though faced some issues at some point during assignments.
Strong basic preparation, but I feel that it stops too short.  There should be a module 6 and a module 7 covering intermediate-level topics.
The lecture are sometimes confusing. The example are very easy, but the quiz and code we need to do are much more difficult than the example
Really good course, would recommend! 4 Stars, because there is no written transcript with the Formula and examples in the videos available.
Course is very interesting and informative, but I found a couple of quiz aren't aligned with course material. These things need to improve.
Really cool course, the Page Rank part was the only tough deal for me, I liked the overall course, thanks for this amazing experience! :)
It would be better if they have more challenging assignments, and if they had a more detailed explanation of some mathematical concepts.
Nice refresher! Excellent instructors! Not recommended as a first Linear Algebra course though. I would go for MIT OpenCourseware first.
This is really a very good course. To the point explanations. No more no less. Assignment Notebook links do have some problems though.
The concepts are explained clearly, but someone who has already done some machine learning before might find some parts unchallenging
Overall great. But can get tough to follow at times and feel that more and in-depth explanation would be required at certain places.
A fun way to review Linear Algebra basics focused on its applications on Machine Learning.Good structure, nice pace, solid content.
Basic knowledge about machine learning, but very useful, maybe this course should be tagged as higher level, instead of beginner.
I really enjoyed how much graphical explanation there was here. It finally starts making sense why we use matrices and vectors.
The quiz challenge was good for me to better understand this course. And the length of video enough short to not to feel bore.
Important concepts of Linear Algebra for ML explained in a beautiful multi-dimensional method including theory and practice.
Very Good Course, You will learn linear algebra in this course and most loved part of course for me is pagerank assignment.
Course was nice,but if you provide more example of real world usage of Linear Algebra in Machine Learning it would be nice
This was course made my intuition for underlying mathematics when using machine learning much more stronger and efficient.
the course is a bit challenging i would recommend that you better get yourself familiar with basic linear  algebra first
Good refresher for basic concepts learnt in the University ages ago. WOuld like to have more real life Business examples
this is a very nice and useful lesson.but sometime I need to search for more knowledge to help me finished my home work
Brilliantly conducted. Provides a great introduction to linear algebra allowing the learner to start diving in further.
It would be better if it had lecture notes. Reviewing the material and writing it down requires rewatching the lectures
The linear algebra was taught in an easy to understand manor but the applications in machine learning were quite sparse
Should share additional videos (like links to khan academy if the student needs to learn more or wants to get deeper).
It is really intuitive and good for people who have little idea of Linear Algebra. The best part is the PageRank Algo.
Programming assignments failed to save and submit sometimes. But the course itself was well taught and at a good pace
The instructors are very good in delivering the course content..However, more reading resources should be provided.
Provides a good understanding of Linear Algebra for Machine Learning. However, it is a little lacking in exercises.
There were some problems with the notebooks used in the assignments but apart from that this course was brilliant.
Nice course! Hope to improve the programming function. It is really hard to find the errors in it for a greenhand
Good course. It will be great if this can also include material if you want to go deeper after taking the class.
Went a bit too quickly for me towards the end of the course (coming into this as a layman), otherwise very good.
Fantastic course. My favourite delivery of Linear Algebra thus far. Both Sam and David were a joy to learn from.
The course is very comprehensive and yet is very focused towards actual application of LA in Data Science and ML
This is one of the most important courses for someone who wants to build career in the machine learning field.
Good course but Instructor should provide some lectures on python programing which is related to assignments.
This course is short, you can conclude it in a month, but you will learn a lot with the assignments in Python
The course provided a good insight into some of the essential concepts with respect to vectors and matrices!
This course provides basic insights about vectors and matrices and their analysis in multidimensional space.
This course is a very good opportunity to introduce to the main concepts of linear algebra for data science
the content of this course is really clear, but the assignment system about program needs to be improved.
The course is great with really good teaching community , as a beginner it was a really good experience.
Perfect for anyone who wants to take specialization but not recommended for beginners in linear algebra
Good video & subtitles for non-english speaker, practical examples, good introduction to linear algebra
Very good course for an introduction in linear algebra with many useful concepts for machine learning
Excellent syllabus and lectures. However, a detail explanation of each practice quiz should be given.
Good explanation. Some of the exercises and quizzes need a deeper understanding of the course content
Great course! I have learned about linear algebra, some geometry, and a bit of programming in Python.
Course is great. It can improve showing some more complex examples, similar to the ones in the tests
Good experience for a beginner like me, and I am looking forward to completing the rest two courses!
A very basic introduction to the math that you will find in Machine Learning. Beginner level Course
it is good, and very use full to any one, if those are in teaching field as a mathematics teacher
Tough course, but got better understanding of topics related to math behind real-world ML models.
It's not perfect, but I hope if the last of the specialization is more practicable and flexible.
I am really happy with the course as it helped me to understand the core concept of algortihms.
A well constructed course that can address students coming from different academic backgrounds.
I learned and developed intuition of the concepts covered in this course, which I'm happy with.
Some of the concepts are unclear. You need to make extra research to understand whole concepts.
Very good I learn a lot though I get confused in Week 4 about E @ TE @ inv(E). Thank you profs!
The eigwn vector parts could've been much much better, rest apart assignments were really good
very good for beginners who want to understand what happens in machine learning under the hood
A little more assignments might be good towards the end. Otherwise, it is an excellent course.
Fairly good introductory course but not a substitution for a proper LA course for ML purposes.
The course is really nice. A bit of programming experience is needed to complete this course.
Brilliant brush up course. Could have had a little more about eigen vectors and eigen values
it's an execlent course, but week5 should be extend to make it clear and easy to understand
Some video lectures should be there which will give some ideas about how to do programming.
Excellent course as a refresher if you've studied Physics and need to recover the content
I think it would be better if you add Singular Value Decomposition concept into syllabus
Very useful materials and the instructors are very good and make it easy to understand.
Really Good course, learnt a lot of things, just wanted this course to be in more depth
Sam part wasn't so impressive. Really loved the way David has gone through the course.
Teach good intuition and good explanations but maybe a bit shallow, good for beginners
great visual explanations of concepts, but the course could have been more informative
Very good insight of linear algebra. It give different prospective of linear algebra.
Good course, advise to take it, though sometimes not everything explained thoroughly!
excellent approach to linear algebra, high quality and carefully thought out lessons
Very nice course. A good math overview with a balance between details and practice.
Good course, Its a very good basis to build a math foundation for machine learning
Instructor should  give more example related to Data Science and Machine Learning.
An organized course, great for developing the imagination of mathematics and fun.
Really intuitive course on matrix algebra with very clear geometric explanations.
A good introduction, would recommend referring a textbook along with the course.
The programming grading system doesn't work well, but the course is great anyway
Excellent, but for the pagerank part, the instructor teaches a little bit fast.
it is really useful to help me build geometric meaning with vector and matrix.
The course will help us to apply the matrices for machine learning algorithm.
after learn from this course, i know very well about machine learningthanks.
A good course for gaining knowledge for Linear Algebra for machine learning.
Good course, But I think it should explain more about the underlying things.
Was a but fast. For non engineering or people who are new it will be tough
goood course well designed qizes and aasignments time saving yet fruitful
Fantastic course that provides a great introduction into linear algebra.
The course content is good, but the programming assignment is too easy.
some topics are explained in a typical way and a bit problem was occur
Its is the best course to know about matrices and their applications
Exams were hard and most of the exams were source of the knowledge.
Decent course. Wish things were explained in a more detailed way
Good overview and introduction to key concepts of linear algebra
Wish it was a bit more spontaneous but overall great content!!
Highly recommended course for beginners in Machine Learning.
Good grounding in the fundamental mathematics needed for ML
good start up for algebra enthusiasist.a strong foundation
I felt that lectures aren't enough to solve the exercises.
good course ! but some of the formula should be more clear
The core idea of eigenvalue and eigenvector is very good.
great teachers, very practical quizzes and examples!
not bad, I feel the information is not enough for ML
like a building blocks for one step forward into AI
Excellent Introduction to the concepts, Thank you!
reasonably well constructed and presented material
well  made course for machine learning foundation
Great course.Animation can be addes for pagerank
Great way to build foundation in Linear Algebra
Fast paced interesting course. Lots to learn!
Pretty nice hands on linear algebra course
clearly explain all the key concepts in la
Very engaging course and right on spot!!!
Very good linear algebra intro/refresher
it's worth taking to revise the topics
Great knowledge at an affordable price
it is very hard course yet very useful
Week 5 was bit difficult to comprehend
Prof. Sam is a bit hard to understand.
good stuff hopefully, i will be useful
i don't know , just finish it so soon
a little bit hard for a beginner lol
All topics are taught very clearly!
Really it was a very  nice course .
Week 4 topics were a bit confusing
Clear and interesting. Thank you.
great recommended for everyone
great intro to linear algebra
greate course for beginners!
Very intuitive and helpful.
Should go more in details.
good high level overview.
no lectures, only videos
Great to relax and learn
Good content, thanks.
can be more detailed
Pretty good course.
thanks coursera....
Amazing course, great instructors. The amount of working linear algebra knowledge you get from this single course is substantial. It has already helped solidify my learning in other ML and AI courses.
I came to this course after starting other ML courses feeling the need to refresh/update the mathematical foundations to follow those previous courses. I have really enjoyed it and think of it as a great course in general.Having read some other opinions here I find it a little bit odd to read people complaining about the python tasks. If you come to a course like this one is because you are interested in ML so python is something you will surely be using, so learning a bit before engaging this course would be a first step.Regarding the maths, this course doesn't go in depth  in maths theorems and stuff like that, it explains in a visual way what you need and then use the maths to accomplish it.
Professors teaches in so much friendly manner. This is beginner level course. Don't expect you will dive deep inside the Linear Algebra. But the foundation will become solid if you attend this course.
This is a great course for those people who want to get started with ML and need a refresher on linear algebra. It's focused on the important part without overwhelming the audience with unnecessary details. I'd highly recommend this course and also the entire specialization.
Great way to learn about applied Linear Algebra. Should be fairly easy if you have any background with linear algebra, but looks at concepts through the scope of geometric application, which is fresh.
One of the best courses i studied in coursera
This course is very usefull for beginners in machine learning. I've learned too much from Linear algebra, and that's more important i understood the intuition of linear math. This course contains real usefull exercises in Python that can help me improve my skill in math. Extra thanks for clear English, because i'm from Russia and don't have enough background for understanding speech, but your lecturers have beautiful language.
Excellent review of Linear Algebra even for those who have taken it at school. Handwriting of the first instructor wasn't always legible, but wasn't too bad. Second instructor's handwriting is better.
I want to handle the concept in a short time, so I take this course. This course really meet expetation.It really help understand a lot linear algebra and build me intuitions.Now i'm confident in learning ml.As for the course content,The content is abundant,i really love the visualization and programming work.The programming work is fully explained , and help me in understand the materials. The programming work is a little bit easier.Mostly, i love David! Especically his brilliant smile ,excited expression and body language which inspiring me a lot!表白David Dye，比心！
Very good course: well paced, well structured, just the right scope.
This course is excellent however it is not for the mathematically immature unless they are willing to put quite a bit of additional work in. Arguably it can be classed as "Beginners" but still, I can imagine many will feel lost very quickly. At one stage David Dye offhandedly mentions soh-cah-toa... and that really sums up a lot of what is required in terms of mathematical maturity - high school maths at a reasonable level.Those that undertake the course should be assisted by referring to additional materials when they feel things are a bit of a struggle, I did, and this greatly helped, although my Maths was around UK high school level (in Algebra and Trig).Overall first class and easily manageable with a little work!
This is indeed one of the best math courses I have ever done in my life. This course changed the view I look at matrices and vectors. I have been 'transformed'. The instructors were simply amazing. Totally loved every bit of the course. Amazing way to teach this math course, with proper motivation and intuition. And for all the people writing negative reviews about no Machine Learning being taught in this course, it is clearly mentioned that this course teaches the math which is required for learning Machine Learning and not Machine Learning itself.
First of all, the instructor clearly loves the subject he is teaching. You can tell immediately by the voice and the gestures.Second,
 the fact that he is not a pure mathematician means he is constantly 
looking for the link between what he is teaching and practical examples.
 That's a must when you are teaching math to students intending to use 
it in real life (Machine Learning).Third, there is a good structure to the material being taught, always building on what has previously been taught.Fourth,
 is the amount of quizzes and exercises. Math can only be learned 
effectively if you keep challenging yourself in quantity and quality. 
Everyone remembers the quality bit, but some miss the quantity. Not this
 instructor I have to say. Congrats for that.Fifth, intuition 
is being built from day one. Big applause for that as Linear Algebra 
lives and dies by the amount of intuition that's being put into its 
practice.Sixth, my hat's off for the esthetic quality of the figures and exercises, and for their clarity.Seventh,
 even for an engineer like me (graduated over 20 years ago I have to 
say) who's been best friends with Linear Algebra and Calculus for the 6 
years I was in university (10 semesters + a final Master's thesis), this
 course wasn't trivial, and kept me making an effort at every bend, at 
every corner. This is something I am grateful for, as while I was 
refreshing concepts that I hadn't touched for 20 years now, I did have 
real fun.Eighth, the coding examples are a magnificent tool 
that greatly helped strengthening some concepts (like Gram-Schmidth, 
etc.). Amazing job there.Ninth, you can see how towards the end of the course, gears are shifted, pushing the student to get mental agility, and conveying the student the importance of intuition building (+ some algebraic symbolic manipulation) as opposite of focusing mainly on the symbolic manipulation. A good approach nowadays that computers do the computation for us, as opposite to what it used to be some decades ago. I really liked the fact that the instructors (Dr. Dye and Dr. Cooper) tried, both, to covey this very practical philosophical paradigm from day one.My most sincere "cum laude" score for this course.Nabil Chouaib.
Great class to build an intuitive understanding of the concepts. The topics covered are not as many as in a serious course in linear algebra, but the ones covered really help you get to a genuine understanding. The assignment basically consist in rewriting in python what you see in the slides. If you are familiar even at a very basic level with Python, it will take you less than 5 minutes to complete the assignments, they are not challenging at all in that sense. But they do help visualize what is taught in the vides, which I guess is the purpose. To conclude, I would suggest paying for this course only if taking the full specialization, otherwise simply watch the videos for free!
Pros:Amazing explanations of the covered topics, extremely engaging teaching staffFocusses on the right thingsGood and enough practice problemsGreat (albeit easy) programming problemsCons:Calculation of Eigenvectors could have been covered better in my opinionA final handout for all the covered topics would be really niceOverall a tremendous course if you want to brush up on linear algebra. To me LA was taught mostly doing rote calculations without motivating the concepts or explaining them geometrically. I had more than a handful of "oh, so that's how this actually works" moments. I feel like my intuitive understanding of linear algebra concepts has made a big improvement.
This course is the first of 3 Machine Learning Math courses in this specialization which I am taking because I desperately need it as a refresh and as preparation to take Andrew Ng Machine Learning Course in the very near future. So I am 1/3 of the way there to being ready to take Andrew Ng famous and highly regarded Machine Learning Course. I began taking it but after 3 weeks, It became apparent that I needed this so that I can actually grasp and understand the material. I am so looking forward to starting it over again here shortly after I finish these next 2 fundamental prerequisites as I regard themKind regards,JeanPierre (John Fisher)
This course is absolutely stunning in terms of explaining mathematical concepts. I personally have been out of hands-on touch with mathematics for a decade, and by going through these videos, tutor has been absolutely spot on for me in  bringing back my mathematical memories. Would highly recommend this course for anyone wanting to enhance their mathematical skills or brush up on mathematical concepts before doing deep dive in machine learning concepts. It really connects and I am enjoying this. Thanks for all these wonderful lectures.
I found the course very interesting and useful. I really liked the approach of relating Linear Algebra to practical use. Traditional approach to teach Linear Algebra (which assumes some familiarity with Modern Algebra) may not be for everyone and the approach taken in the course will find much acceptance among curious learners. Thank you so much for putting this course together. May be, putting together a more detailed and longer course on Linear Algebra will be good idea - if it happens, i will be the first one to enroll !
I have tried Linear Algebra via Gilbert Strang lectures before but found them unengaging because they are so abstracted. Here we see how the linear algebra applies directly to pageRank, which I found a cool example.In general the questions allow for a good practice and build up, and I really appreciate the lecturers appreciation of the fact that hand-written calculus is becoming a thing of the past, and so we should focus on the big ideas behind the methods that are now so standardised for processing linear systems.]
Many thanks for David and Samuel! I've been struggling with linear algebra for quite a long time. I can do the math, but I get lost when I try to use linear algebra to understand something in statistics and machine learning. The intuition based approach is perfect. I like the apple-banana example, I like the transformation and visualization of eigenvector in 2 dimension. Also, the page rank case is quite cool and thought provoking. I think I will stay on this series for following two courses. Thanks again!
Best presentation of fundamental Linear Algebra I have ever seen, hands down. (I'm an old-timer, reviewing this material to get up to speed on Machine Learning and Data Science.) While teaching the mechanics, the concepts behind them are always reinforced. Thank you for presenting this material in such a meaningful and digestible way. I also greatly appreciate the reverse-transparent-whiteboard which to me is highly preferable to the other methods I have experienced in online courseware.
This is such a wonderful course.  Two instructors explains complex concept with clarity and enthusiasm.  They explained linear algebra from a different perspective. When I learned in college, I was taught to remember lots of definitions and concepts, but in this course, they teach you why we do certain steps not just how to do. However, I want to remind people who are interested in this course, it is not for beginner or who wants to learn linear algebra, instead of linear algebra for ML.
Excellent introduction. For me, as someone who had studied vectors and matrices at school, decades ago, it was wonderful to go back and re-learn this stuff in a different way. This course is much more focused on the meaning and usefulness of these things, rather than just learning how to do the maths. The first 3 minutes of the session on eigenvectors brilliantly showed in graphical form what they really are, something I'd never really grasped at school. Recommended.
An excellent breakdown of linear algebra and the tools and processes that it takes to perform these operations. The lectures give you a good understanding of the concepts of vectors, scalars, dot product, matrices, and eigenvalues and vectors. I would highly recommend this course for anyone who is needing to understand how linear algebra can be conducted via computers, while still grasping the underlying concepts that make one proficient at linear algebra.
I had previously taken linear algebra, but this was a good refresher. The pace of this course is quite fast for 5 weeks, and the course does not dive into any proofs. It may be useful to get some outside supplements to get through the materials. I really enjoyed the way that the concepts were explained and presented such as eignvalues/vectors. They help provide some intuition instead of simply presenting the formula or grinding through proofs.
This is a great course! Be advised: It is very challenging and will kick your butt if you haven't seen much linear algebra before. The content in the course won't always be enough to solve all of the assignments. But look into the forums and use some other sources and you will succeed in this course. Overall I am glad I took it even if it will take a little longer until I can say that I master everything that was covered in the course.
The perfect dosage of the key elements in linear algebra to mastering the concepts of machine learning. The course leaves you with a clear intuition for vectors and matrices and how these objects can be manipulated, and most importantly why these objects are fantastic. I am an immunologist with a little background in machine learning and my last studies in mathematics taken 15 years ago, but this course has the perfect level I need.
This course was like God-gifted.
I had just finished my 2nd sem at college(BTech) and we had Matrices in the syllabus so I knew how to calculate (just calculate -_-) eigenvalues, vectors and so on but I just saw them as numbers. At my college, we were not given such geometric insight and when I learned it through this course, MY GOD was I blown away.
I feel so lucky to have found this course! I learned A TON of stuff.
Thanks!!
I took a great pleasure to study this linear algebra course, teachers are very talented since their way to explain mathematical concepts make it very easy to understand , in fact with this particular amazing approach I changed my perception about learning math and sciences in general. I do recommend this course if you look for a global overview of linear algebra for direct application in machine learning or computer sciences!
Excellent, crisp and to the point. Instructors made the concepts way to easy to understand. Enjoyed my time learning from them and ofcourse relevant material was provided.
It's an amazing course but apart from the feedback that I have in the post-course survey - I would also like to share the following things.1) In the quiz on 'Eigenvalues and eigenvectors' in the Week-5 module -- I personally faced a lot of problems in completing the quiz. I understand the concepts pretty well from the lectures but still, I could not figure out the questions in this particular quiz. Particularly the questions about finding the effect of using a particular Link matrix on the eigenvectors. These questions were not easy to answer as intuitively speaking I did not learn how to interpret the meaning of different values in the eigenvectors matrix to answer those questions forex. it makes the eigenvalues small or It makes the eigenvalues we are looking for larger.Overall - it is a really useful and much-required course to fill in the gap between the mathematical fundamentals and the practice of machine learning. I am glad that the Professors came up with this idea to design this course.
In reviewing this course it is important to state what this course is and what it is not. It is not an in-depth formal introduction to the mathematics of linear algebra. For those who are looking for that, the course simply does not deliver. Secondly, while it is technically possible to complete this course without any beforehand knowledge of the topic, I think this would be incredibly challenging to do. Indeed, the course is not intended to be a first primer in linear algebra. The ease with which the instructors just juggle the cosine rule, or calculate the inverse of a 2 by 2 matrix indicates that they do assume you know such things. So also absolute beginners will be disappointed with this course. However, if you have had linear algebra in your past, and you are using this course to refresh your mind, it is absolutely brilliant. I can confidently say that nobody has ever presented this material to me in as intuitive a way. A well deserved five stars from me.
Above all I found this course well oriented toward becoming useful. The conscious avoidance of heavy mathematical description was a good choice for the online medium.  As a learner, I suppose I might have learned better with a bit more... testing, I suppose is the word? To work through a few more examples? But actually, a few well-chose gulfs between the presented materials and (especially the last) testing materials brought some useful questions and explanations.  The eigenvector materials are conceptually slippery.  Maybe one more example to work through, with clumsier numbers? Although, maybe that would have been boring and confusing...Which is why I'd give the course five stars. It makes complex material usefully simple, while acknowledging that some things are of necessity left out.
As a student with Physics background, I though that this course will be a quick recap for me. But was I in for a surprise! This course completely changed how I see matrices and vectors. The instruction videos were very edifying. The teachers were great. I am fervently thankful to Imperial College, London and Coursera for such a great course.There could be some improvements- the assignments felt ambiguous at times. They were not clearly worded and what was expected was not clear. And there could be some very practical excercises in ML where the concepts I learned could be directly applied.A special note- the instructors were great. Their method was well thought, cordial and the videos were very informative.
I have just completed the first of the 3 courses in this series. First of all, I must thank Professor Dave for the excellent efforts he put into delivering those first 4-week of fun and excellent topics. You have made it so interesting to me that I would love to know more about linear algebra. (*** Not only that, you have taken us on a informative journey of shopping for apples, bananas, and carrots to some visits to bears!  : ) : ) ***)For week 5, Professor Sam had given me some excellent materials as well. I look forward to taking the second course in the very near future. Both professors are so smart and clearly great teachers! I feel so lucky to have stumbled into this course!THANK YOU BOTH!!
The representation of mathematical concepts as "tools" to solve practical problems was beautiful and enabling, the way the instructors build our intuition rather than providing us with a bland approach to simply solving mathematics questions was phenomenal, the structure of the course was definitely first class as one would expect from Imperial. We were guided through the assignments but not fed the answers, our understanding was tested and additionally built upon through each exercise. Overall, I would recommend this course to anyone studying the subject in college or desiring to build a solid mathematical foundation for machine learning or even simply to appreciate the beauty of mathematics.
The reason I liked the course is its focus on important topics. Many complain that it was not for beginners and I understand the frustration. They shift gear in some assignments, but you have to put time to explore and self-study the material to move ahead. That is how the real learning happens. I think there was an advantage of not having a specific reference book. I have tried other LA courses and these books can absorb all your time and you may find yourself at the same place after 6 months. On contrary, this course forces you to go out and study only the topics you are struggling with. All in all, one of the best MOOCs I ever attempted ... Cheers!
The course is extremely interesting and fun to do. Instructors have put a lot of efforts to make some complex topics seem easy and engaging. I could relate the calculations being implemented into practical ML applications. But i would also like to add that the last module of eigen-values and eigen-vectors gets very confusing especially the page rank algorithm and the quiz of eigen values and vectors..If the instructors could add a video or two to explain some more concepts, the course would become a perfect package even for a beginner. AT LAST I WOULD THANK IMPERIAL COLLEGE LONDON FOR MAKING A FABULOUS  SERIES. I REALLY LOVED LEARNING FROM YOU.
Its purpose is to build the intuition behind the fundamental, important topics of Linear Algebra required in Machine Learning, it aims to develop the insight required to access other courses on Machine Learning Tools and as such it does an amazing job.The clarity and enthusiasm of both the instructors is priceless and when a subject like this is communicated so effectively it makes a huge difference.If what you're looking for is an understanding of the concepts that are the foundation of ML together with some rigorous exercises that will help you solidify you knowledge then I definitely advice on enrolling into this course.
The course is great especially for a brush up of first year concepts for someone like me, but I couldn't help smiling throughout after realizing that the way this entire course series is presented is by reflecting the video lectures while they write on a transparent board about a vertical mirror plane. Although this must have been rather simple to implement, the idea is something incredible to my mind. Classic college education never exposed me to the ideas and a need to 'build intuition' for things like this course has. Kudos, professors!
Excellent course! I serve in academia with a terminal degree in mathematics, but yet I learned many interesting connections specifically aligned with applications. This course is designed in a way it can be easily followed by anyone with a basic mathematical background but, yet can equally be enjoyed by someone with a strong mathematical background. After taking this course, I got motivated to enroll in 'Multivariable calculus' and PCA  to complete the specialization. Thank you all who put the course (and the specialization) together!!!
I found this course excellent. For quite a long time, I have been struggling to understand what Eigenvectors and values mean and why do we bother to focus so much on Orthonormality. This course dealt with these concepts in a simple and lucid manner. It built the necessary math and intuition, which I liked the most. Also, this course really explained well why Matrices and its knowledge is important as it is useful in so many applciations. I am happy with the course and expect the same utility from the next course in the specialization
Both the professors right from the very beginning were not only very knowledgable but the way they delivered the lectures, it was really great. From the transformations to the rotations and shears, to the concepts of eigen values and page rank, this course is just so satisfactory for those who love mathematics . I learned a lot of things from this course, I started looking at vectors a lot differently. I would like to thank both the professors from the bottom of my heart for delivering such beautiful concepts.
I see why some people are unhappy with this course (may be difficult to follow if you haven't seen Linear Algebra before / assignments are sometimes confusing), but I personally loved it. I took this course as a refresher for the main Linear Algebra concepts I last studied almost 10 years ago and the lecturers did a great job presenting the material in a very visual, intuitive, and over high-level way, making sure that you really get a feel of the main concepts instead of being buried in notation and formulas.
This course is a great introduction course to linear algebra. I am a quantitative finance guy and, to be honest, already forgot almost 90% of linear algebra I learned in college. It is always a little painful for me to code matrix multiplication during my work. I found this course before I went to amazon to buy a text book. This course saved me so much time and I really learned what I need to learn. Thank you so much.The only con of this course is that: the python coding assignment is too easy.
Course would be easy if you have any background with linear algebra, but concepts through the scope of geometric application, which is fresh give new perspective to whole linear algebra than how its taught in class or Uni. Amazing instructors ! and great way to visualize things ! Please note This course is not suited for beginners and people looking for an introductory lecture to Linear Algebra! please have some introductory knowledge before you start off with this course .  Thanks !
Excellent course to get you to refresh or provide you with solid foundations of linear algebra, provided you supplement the course content with additional reading where you are either a bit "rusty" or completely new to a particular topic. I also find the quizzes and assignments particularly helpful in cementing your understanding of the material. Overall, I had a great experience and will strongly recommend this course to anyone on the quest to become a data scientist.
This is an excellent course as a refresher of the basic concepts in my college linear algebra. The instructors really put a lot of effort into making all the course materials. I enjoy the animations a lot! I am not a pro in Pandas but the programming assignments are actually very well-explained and perhaps a bit too easy.   I'd thought they would put some plots and twists in the programming assignments. Very helpful course and great instructors. Thank you!
This course is excellent and it provided me a very good refresh about the linear algebra theory that I’ve learned in my graduate studies. The professor are great, the videos have an appropriate duration, and they help you build the intuition incrementally every week. The Python assignments are relative easy but they are of great value. I definitely recommend this course and I am looking forward to start the next course of the specialization.
A comprehensive course in Mathematics and Linear Algebra. If you're not related, or with rusted maths, don't be afraid, it will work for you, but it will demand some amount of time. A good time of course. Here I learned things I didn't fully understand. Great teachers. Some misses on explanations, will push you to Khan, tutorials, or books. Recommended course for everyone interested in getting in ML, AI, DS. A great introductory course.
Excellent course for those who like me struggle with intuition of math behind machine learning. This is not for beginners and it is not a general linear algebra course, it assumes that you have already a good grasp of the theory. The course for me took the theory I had and increased my level of understanding in how to apply it to machine learning. Also the videos are fantastic, I've never been so enthusiastic about doing math before :D
Very very excellent course on Linear Algebra by Imperial College of London :I would like to thank @David Dye for teaching the intuition and essence of Linear Algebra.Also @Sam Cooper, what a great teacher he is, couldn't wait to start the next course of the Specialization.The best thing about this course is that whatever we learned, we applied all the stuffs side by side in ML.Absolutely enjoyed the course. Thank You Coursera
Certainly the best online courseware I have attended. Prof. Dye breaks down most typical concepts of mathematics in simple and easy to understand blocks that makes this course fit for anyone. He brings out an interesting dimension to every concept that makes you comprehend it well and you're equipped to understand the practical applications of it. Would recommend to anyone looking brush their concepts of linear algebra.
This is such a great course for student already have background about college level linear algebra knowledge, but don't know the under relationship among those terminologies. For instance, after this course I finally know what is dot product means, what is eigen characteristics. The content of this course are well prepared, this is such a masterpiece from Imperial College London. Thanks to all stuff behind this course.
The connection between machine learning ad vectors got clearer as the course moved ahead. The quizes are detailed and requires actual understanding of the concept which is not hard to grasp once you pay attention to the lecturers who themselves are so passionate about the subject, makes me excited to learn too. I can say, I finally, after leaving high school, have understood high school maths and it's applications.
This is excellent course on Linear Algebra. The best part of this course is, lectures focus on the physical interpretation of the topics rather than making you practice formulae without understanding. This course helped me refresh my Linear Algebra concepts and also helped me better understand change of basis and Eigen related concepts.Many many thanks to professors for excellent course design and presentation.
No one can hate mathematics. The only reason you hate it or don't visualize it is because you never had an instructor who could do it. But, this course solves this problem with beautiful designed course content and intuitive quizzes that help you understand the underlying concepts on a broader perspective. Want to understand and visualize the basics of Linear Algebra used in ML, this is the course to apply to.
awesome content with excellent pace. no bullshit during lectures. only place for improvement would be to give relevant content in readings as the course feels just of videos and less reading materials for reference. Ofcourse ,one can look up in textbooks , but giving the reading materials in the course will improve the readability and findability and will be according to the lecture content. thanks for asking!
I took this course as a review for my data science curriculum. Previously, I was having trouble recalling the details of matrix arithmetic which was making it hard for me to get a deeper understanding of machine learning. After doing this course, you should have no trouble following along. For those already familiar with the material, it should take about 1-2 weeks to complete if working at a leisurely pace.
This is my first encounter with Linear Algebra and surely the course has been extremely helpful beginner-friendly. I recommend investing in practical mathematics courses as this specialization if you are new to machine learning field. You will be equipped with enough math background and should feel confident to enter more technical machine learning/deep learning courses.A truly fundamental stepping stone!
This course is perfect for many including those, like myself, who haven't seen this for 20+ years. I can imagine that it would be helpful to have, at least, a proclivity towards programming if you do not have familiarity with a programming language (at least course comments tend to reflect this). For those experienced with coding, no difficulty will be encountered, as focus here is trivial (numpy libs).
This course is good for everyone, as rather than diving deep in the paper pen model, the intuition is taught. For those who already know Linear Algebra, it is best to take this course to understand, what you are writing and what each formulae is doing. For those who dont know anything about Linear Algebra, but is interested in Machine Learning, do this course to atleast have the intuition behind it.
It's a very fundamental necessity for getting a hold on vectors and functions within a big programs. I have finished Mr. David Dye's part and he is an extraordinary teacher! I know Mr. Samuel Cooper from the calculus course and I assume his course will be quite awesome as well!! Thank you for making this available for people who need to upgrade their understanding, I respect this global mission!!!
I am very grateful to the in structures and the platform providers who designed the the course to enrich the knowledge of mathematics  in  good manor.  From this course I learned a lot.  Being a mathematician I feel that there is a need to change form  traditional teaching to technological oriented teaching.  This course helped me in finding such a path.  Thanking youregardsDr.Shaik Mohiddin Shaw
Great course as a starter to understand the basis of linear algebra in machine learning. I had already taken a course of linear algebra as an undergrad but this course really opened my view of the applications and importance of some concepts I understood in a merely abstract way. The instructors are not only excellent in their explanations but you can also feel their interest for the subject.
This was a fantastic course. I'm new to linear algebra, so it was bit intimidating even signing up (!) - but the lecturers were really, really good about explaining all concepts from the ground up so it was always possible to visualize and extrapolate from solid foundations. For me it was a stretch each week, but in a good way: very challenging, but achievable with enough planning and effort.
This course for me was meant to be a habit-refiner but ended up being thinking of more into the depths of the world around. Very good course. The quiz & assignments are really good. Although some of the details are missing from particular sections, I think it will grow over time. As a Machine Learner's intro to perspective, this is really been a decent exercise to flex yourself. Goodluck.
An awesome course with high quality video lectures!! I will recommend this course to anyone who's looking for a refresher or quick pick-up on linear algebra. The homework's compatible with the materials and is quite interesting. The lecturer also did a good job on explaining critical concepts with easy but good examples. I'm looking forward to more similar courses from Imperial College.
I have taken a course on linear algebra during my graduate program and must admit that it was not one of my more comfortable ones! Coming back to this course online, it really did help me get a much better understanding of concepts like dimensionality, basis, eigen values and eigen vectors. I intend to go over the lectures at least a few more times to be sure I have understood it well.
I personally loved this course as it changed my outlook and perspective towards Mathematics in computing and as a whole. I really enjoyed taking this course. It got me into some difficult assignments but the joy of solving it after lots of brainstorming and discussing with peers was awesome experience. I look forward towards developing myself and gaining knowledge with these courses.
It is usefull and good course. It does require at least some familiarity with the concept or otherwise you will spend hours trying to understand how things happen, but lecturers have overall given great insights in how things work and tried to simpliify as much as possible. Maybe would be usefull for course creator to add some optional basics tests on the topic, for total beginers.
I've only done half of the course but I already know this course is one of the best on Coursera! Complex concepts in mathematics are broken down into simple terms. The professor also clearly stated what those concepts are used for in practical, which certainly help learners have a clear idea of why they are learning this course. Very exciting every time I click onto new lessons!
Not being from a Mathematics Background, one surely need  best tutor I guess for understanding Mathematics that's required in Machine Learning/ Data Science. Both the tutor Sam Cooper and David Dye amazingly Explained the topics and I'm happy to have completed the Linear Algerbra Course and now moving towards other part of the course i.e Course 2 Multivariate Calculus.
Excellent Course, I remembered the linear algebra that I saw in school more than 26 years ago (I studied applied mathematics and switched to Actuaria), but now with  examples related to DataScience. As observation.For someone who has not programmed in some language the exercises can be challenging, but they are always very intuitive if the example steps are performed.
At first, I was kinda of afraid of Math in general and Linear algebra in particular, but after taking this course,  I am satisfied with it.A special thanks to the instructors and all the people behind this course, for making thing simple and comprehensible, and at the same time, hit the target. Looking forward to keep learning and carry on with this specialization !
This course was very informative . Having learnt to solve most of this problems by hand in under-graduation , this course helped me to code these hand-worked problems . Additionally I was able to understand and visualize what the problems actually do . I highly recommend this course for anyone who is looking to learn or advance their career in machine learning .
This course was of high quality, was very helpful in explaining some key concepts and I appreciated the instructors energy and humor. My only complaint about the course is that some of the quizzes and homework assignments felt significantly more challenging than what was covered in the lessons; however, the discussion forums proved helpful in closing this gap.
This is an exceptional course for learning Linear Algebra in an intuitive way. i would recommend this course to everyone who is fond of mathematics. This course will also have programming assignments with python and numpy packages. Overall I had a wonderful experience and a handful of knowledge. Thank you for the course creators and professors and lecturers.
For someone having already graduated with a degree in Mathematics, the mathematical concepts centred around this course were easy to understand, but then applying this knowledge in to code was challenging. Which I was expecting it to be given my lack of experience with python and jupyter notes. A worthwhile course for anyone looking in to data science.
Great content, lecture videos are brilliant. I would make one suggestion; it would be great to have more examples or even recommend text books that we as learners can download or purchase, this will assist those who wants to learn these techniques in practical examples. Other than that I have learned alot and will continue using coursera, good job guys
This is a very good introduction and review of Linear Algebra.  The particular highlights are the use of geometric perspectives to give intuition rather than just labouring through the mathematics.  I also learned where I need to learn more in order.  Overall will recommend either as a review or a stepping stone to learning more about Linear Algebra.
One of the best Linear Algebra [LA] courses for beginners/novices. It takes away the drudgery of algebra and formulae and tries to explain the "essence" of LA. This is by no means comprehensive LA course - but good enough for people who are fed up with "this is how to calculate the Eigen vector/determinant/<insert pet peeve>" mode of teaching LA.
Brilliant course which helped me to re-learn/learn linear algebra methods for machine learning! The course instructor videos, course structure, worked examples and assessments were all extremely useful and allowed me to achieve my learning goals. I would recommend this course to anyone (but would maybe first suggest brushing up on basic python).
This course has helped me to understand the basics of linear algebra and it's application in computer science. I was aware of mathematical calculations of the linear algebra, but I did not know reason and meaning of those calculations. I am grateful to Imperial College London and Coursera team for giving me opportunity to take this course.
Awesome content and very clear lectures. Would be great to have links to more in-depth explanations of certain unexplained assumptions. For instance, it's unclear how the characteristic equation comes about (by assuming that the characteristic matrix does not have an inverse) and also why the page rank matrix is setup the way it is.
I really appreciate staff of ICL's effort to bring us such an intuitive and straightforward course. It's totally different from those linear algebra courses I've received in China. From your idea on explaining this course on space and transformation, I started to build a strong foundation about linear algebra, and machine learning.
I did the 3 specialization lessons "Mathematics for Machine Learning" (Linear Algebra, Multivariate Calculus, PCA). I really had a lot of fun and learnings in the first one (5 stars for Linear Algebra): David Dye is an increadible teacher. Thank you for your enthousiastic Knowledge Transmission: Mathematics are very cool with you!
This course lays the groundwork for the Algebra required in ML. The basics are covered really well.There are quizzes and assignments to strengthen the ideas learnt in the course.At times felt the assignments are very easy .It can be used to brush up the basic Algebra or learn from Zero. The instructor explains every thing clearly
This course gives a good overview of linear algebra using python numpy arrays. It doesn't go super deep into the topic, but I wouldn't call it superficial. It requires you to do some basic vector and matrix algebra by hand, build agorithms to do some of those calculations, and introduces some numpy methods for those operations.
Excellent course. I have never taken a linear algebra course before, so it took me longer to complete this as I had to learn the basics to follow the material in this course. The course is designed as a review of linear algebra, but if you are motivated and have time, it's possible to complete without having had linear algebra.
This is exactly what I wanted from an online course!  I took linear algebra at university decades ago, but made the mistake of learning just enough to pass the next test.  The lectures in this course laid out and solidified concepts for me which were previously abstract.  The presenters were clear, concise and, I daresay, fun!
This is a good course that allows you to develop a high and low level understanding of linear algebra...unlike a certain university professor I had who made us do 5x5 matrix transformations by hand. I highly recommend doing outside reading alongside the course to expand your knowledge, especially regarding the coding aspects.
Great balance between Mathematical rigor and Computer Science applications. This course is deliberately not easy to ensure you leave with a strong intuition behind the Mathematics of Machine Learning. Python exercises brings this cause alive. It has given me the confidence to continue with my Machine Engineering journey.
Amazing course.Do not let the easy content distract you from the fact that this is one of the best/well taught MOOCs on Coursera.These professors are experts at helping student develop an intuition for mathematics.Way different from what was taught in my school/university and also much more useful in a practical sense.
I enjoy attending this course. I consider this course really good, mostly due to a lot of intuitive examples about particular subjects of study, explanations that were clear and enthusiastic professors. Finishing this course gave me motivation to learn more about machine learning and mathematics that it's based upon.
The course and the content is quite fruitful for anyone who wants to go ahead in the area of Machine Learning. The course instructor gives a detailed understanding of each topic and insight of the methods of vector calculus and linear algebra. For building the basic fundamentals of ML, this course is must for anyone.
It was honestly great. The first two weeks didn't have much new for someone who'd already taken Linear Algebra, but the last three weeks were very informational. It really helped me understand the concepts geometrically/spatially in ways I hadn't seen before when I had taken general linear algebra at my university.
This course brilliantly delivered on each of its intended learning objectives in an engaging and non-threatening way - I would encourage anyone interested in this topic, regardless of their background. The course instructors are excellent, and the forum discussions are extremely helpful if/when you are ever stuck.
The course is great for those who are new to machine learning and want to start from mathematics behind it. The course focuses on vector and matrices and how to solve System of Linear Equations using it. You will develop intuition of what matrix transformations are and how to use change in basis to your advantage.
Superb lectures and lucid explanations of the topics make this course one of my favorites! The video quality was superb and the course content, assignments and degree of difficulty was wonderfully designed to test the skills. Would definitely attend more courses from Imperial college.Thank youDr. Jitesh Tripathi
Great course. Really enjoyed it because the instructors teach well. Also, the practice quizzes are useful for understanding the content. I was able to do all the assignment thanks to all the practice that they have given. Great course and I recommend that anybody interested in machine learning take this course.
Really recommend to all who would like to dive into machine learning with some mathematical background in vectors, matrices and eigenstuff. The instructors are very good and the homework/programming assignments are manageable while giving good insights into the application of the formulas learned in the course.
This is a great course. All explanations and examples are easy and useful, the tasks are challenging but solvable. Certain points of the course might be unclear for students with limited math knowledge, some tasks will make you look for extra info elsewhere. But all in all I would really recommend this course.
Great Course, exceptional in every way, gives you practice drill down some of the concepts, and handy programming assignments that are fun to work with, while not a complete refresher  the course is good enough to grasp essence of linear algebra to build intuitive math, rather than classical way of teaching.
It has been a while since I took Linear Algebra in my undergraduate years.  This course has improved my knowledge of Linear Algebra and most especially eigen theory.  This will greatly enhance my understanding of Machine Learning.  Thank you to the professors for imparting their knowledge of Linear Algebra.
I have studied linear algebra back in high school and in undergraduate studies which were full of hand calculated computation  that makes me feel bore about L.A but thanks to this course which present Linear Algebra in a really beautiful that can help you built an intuition about this branch of mathematics
Excellent course with clear instruction video to explain the concept of linear algebra. The assignment is relatively challenging to help practice the learnt concept. I wish I could learn more about some special characteristic of matrix, such as block matrix, and how to compute singular value decomposition.
I took Linear Algebra in undergrad nearly 20 years ago. The instructors for this course developed the inuition behind core concepts in such a way that it made the material very accessible and provided a great basis for further study using supplementary material. I am pleased with the overall presentation.
Excellent Linear Algebra refresher. I love it that this course distills and covers the core concepts in a very time efficient manner! Also, I am happy with the emphasis on images and graphs to develop intuition. The programming exercises such as Reflecting Bear and Page Rank have been curated well.
The lecturers gave me robust intuition that lies behind almost all main processes in linear algebra. Also, the course has pretty good visualization side (bright, useful, clear and understandable images, schemes and plots are used in this course to provide better understanding of the main concepts).
The video approach to this course is really amazing. The visuals presented and the ease in understanding touch mathematical concepts made this course fantastic to take. Although I would have preferred more challenging quizzes and programming assignments the material taught was still world class.
This is awesome. I have known the theory. But I didn't have the understanding. This course helps me to get the intuitive understanding of linear algebra. Highly recommend for anyone who needs to get the deeper understanding of linear algebra. Specially if you're not from mathematical backgrund
I feel this course is easy and challenging in its own way. It didn't overburden me but at the same time it made me feel that I am learning something every week. Also, they keep revising the concepts as they move forward so it helps retaining the concepts too. Cheers! I really liked the course.
The interpretations given for matrix multiplication and change of basis are presented in simple terms which are easy to understand. I hadn't used Python earlier, but the programming assignments (especially the PageRank algorithm implementation) have motivated me to start learning the language.
Excellent course with top-notch videos and instructors. I highly recommend it even if you are not going into data science. The approach to teaching eigenvalues and eigenvectors in particular is very helpful for any students struggling with these concepts in a classical linear algebra course.
A great course to learn the fundamentals of Linear Algebra for Machine Learning. The programming assignments in Python were the best part of the course because when I studied Algebra at my university I only did boring manual exercises. I recommend this course completely, you'll enjoy it.
This is an incredibly great course for linear algebra. Thank you so much for the neat and elegant explanation!  Highly recommend it if you focus more on calculation without knowing the meaning behind matrices and vectors in your past linear algebra journey. Thanks a lot dear professors!!
This course has exceeded my expectations in some ways. I was just trying to get a refresher in basics of Linear Algebra. The intuitive understandings presented in the course were really helpful and gave me a better understanding of the concepts which I only learned mechanically before.
Great course, well presented videos and challenging but engaging content. Great high level view of linear algebra to give you a starting point for other courses. May be useful to have some machine learning knowledge before taking - Andrew Ng's course would serve as a good counterpoint.
After taking this course I can safely say that I did not understand Linear Algebra before. This course introduces basic concepts useful for machine learning and it gives a very intuitive 
view on abstract concepts that I had trouble understanding before. I 
would totally recommend it.
Great introductory course.  Linear Algebra is quite often the most poorly taught/understood subject in college mathematics.This course has a done a great job in stressing on the core concepts without focusing on the computational details which happens in typical linear algebra courses
Very much recommend this course for absolute beginners seeking to refresh/learn math required for machine learning.Don't be afraid to start and focus on learning instead of going through the material.Practice exercise you've done several times and return to your notes. Good luck!
Great course! Linear algebra is a very vast subject. This course helped me getting the idea of topics I need in machine learning algorithms.  This course is very helpful in revisiting the linear algebra to those who have taken this subject in his/her college in very short time.
It's a worth-taking course. But you'd better have some linear algebra background. Like me, a student in China, we learn all things with out geometric insight, it will be very difficult for you to take the course through out.All in all, worth-taking. Give me many fresh airs.
I actually studied Maths at undergrad and was using this as a catchup after many years - it wasn't taught nearly anywhere near as well as this.  More lecturers should focus on the concepts first, and then the formulae to give context.  A great course, highly recommended!
Well-paced, engaging and highly interesting course content. This course totally gives a new dimension to linear algebra. The fact that mathematical examples are implemented through programming exercises, really strengthens the concepts and makes it even more interesting.
I would like to thank the instructors for their exceptional work. They are teaching mathematics with the aid of visualizations, which is not common within ordinary math classes. This way assists students to understand the physical interpretation of mathematical concepts.
It is quite hard course, especially coding.the practice tests are very useful. Every test provides description which is very useful to review the lecture. Tests are challenging but if we make effort and invest time to think, read the instruction carefully, we can pass.
Lectures are well-paced (although I was familiar with basics of working with vectors and matrices from high school mathematics). The assignments and quizzes were pitched at the right difficulty, just hard enough to be a challenge but not so hard as to be disheartening.
Eigenvalue &Eigenvector, Matrix & Inverse Matrix, The Gram–Schmidt process, Page RanK.I was weak in maths and my background was not that strong, But I learned here how to tackle withwonderful lecture tutorialsI want to apply ML in my research in electric power system
What an excellent lecturer.I just wish that my mathematics teacher at school had had a tenth of the ability to impart knowledge.This is a fantastic course and I will be doing the specialization later when I get some free time.Thank you for a fantastic course.Dariusz
This is an awesome course! You probably were like me, with a foundation in maths shaky due to poor understanding of the underlying principles. This course re-centers math around intuition, making it much easier to understand and apply the concepts with confidence.
I really like the approach of this course: build the intuition of the core concepts with an easy language and loads of examples. This has helped me a lot to understand finally the eigenvector and eigenvalues, for example. I strongly recommend to take this course.
This was one of the best courses I have ever had. The courses structure was awesome and the instructors were very clear with what they were teaching. The assignments were good. Anyone with a fair understanding of high school algebra should be able to understand.
It's been really fun, It broadens my view about linear algebra and its relation with machine learning. It also helped me a lot to understand the topic which was in my college course. My favorite part was the Gaussian elimination and the Gram-Schmidt Process.
I would like to say that this was one of the best courses that I've learned online during these difficult times of COVID-19 Pandemic. the teachers professor David Dye and Professor Samuel J Cooper were very friendly in teaching , all my concepts got cleared.
Superb course! One of the best I have taken. I already knew linear algebra, but you always find rich tips and different ways of understanding the main topics. Congratulations to both professors. It is quite visible the passion they have and try to share it.
An excellently simple explanation of concepts of linear algebra. Applause for lector. I really liked this course and found it very useful for those newbies in machine learning like myself. I recommend this course to all my friends and others interested in.
This course has an amazing way of teaching. So u understand the concepts of mathematics that  was seeming harder to me before i applied for this course. If you are beginner at Machine learning and worried about mathematics you must go through this course.
This is one of the best courses I have seen in coursera. The material was good and instructors were excellent. The subject and topics were explained in a very simple and interesting manner making it very easy to understand and also fun at the same time.
I highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to build a general understanding of linear algebra and its real-world application. Both the instructors are highly capable of communicating the intuition behind every steps and algorithm to the viewers.
This was one of the best courses for linear algebra for a working professionals, students and researchers who want to brush up their skills as this course is very different from the regular book stuff.It was more practical with real world assignments.
Awesome course! Entertaining and digestible, with great assignments despite some hiccups in file organization and a slight lack of response from admins (understandable because the course is old). It was so awesome that I had to go and tweet the profs.
it's a very well structured and well taught course. The lecturers have the ability to keep the students interested in the subject and the various exercises at the end of each session are a very good way to find out where extra work/research is needed.
Clearly explained and key equations are derived with good step sizes. Quizzes and assignments are challenging (which is good!) and have high expectations for learners (which is really good for my motivation). Overall, I am really enjoying this course.
A really nice course, I had already done a Linear Algebra module in the university. But that was mostly mugging up and not knowing what this is used for. This course's geometric interpretation of all topics, helped me a lot and give a lot of insight.
The presentation an way of teaching is excellence; however, the course should add more reference or additional source or materials for more in dept detail for the person who feel that the simplified explanation in the course are still not sufficient.
Extremely helpful. I haven't taken a linear algebra class in almost 5 years and by going through these videos it helped me regain an intuition towards the subject. The videos do a good job of tying the material back to machine learning as a whole.
Great maths refresher content, with very useful 2D geometrics examples helping to build the intuition rather than just explaining the maths. I feel like I can understand this part of linear algebra now, and I know what to search for when I won't.
Great explanation of all the important things, with topical examples and practical tasks. Still, it seemed to me that the course was growing more and more complex exponentially by the end of it, so it was really hard to catch up starting week 4.
Highly valuable introduction to linear algebra. Maybe the programming assignments are far too easy, while some of the quizzes definitely are hard. And the best part of the course was to introduce www.3blue1brown.com with it's videos on youtube.
A good mix of theory in videos, simpler practice problems to reinforce the learnings, and scalable applications in Python. Very much enjoyed the course and feel like I've learned a lot about linear algebra and the applications in data science.
I very much enjoyed the content of this class.  The professor for the first 4 weeks was great!  The professor for the 5th week seemed to move at a slightly faster pace with less in-depth instruction.  His visual aids were pretty groovy though.
Excellent course for anyone who wants to know the nuances of Linear Algebra and its applications.The applications are not just mentioned,but one gets hands-on experience applying the concepts they learned,in code.Hats Off to the entire team!
The course is really helpful to those seeking clarity on the concepts. Week 4 and 5 really will really demand your attention. Loved every single bit of this course. Would be glad if course would have included more visualisation to play with.
This is a good linear algebra course intro. May not be the one for who is looking for mathematical rigorous but it's enough for machine learning. Linear Algebra is important but not all topics and this course highlights the needed materials.
I needed a quick refresh of my prior knowledge of linear algebra for my MSc course and I wasnt disappointed. I also appreciated the complementary python exercises and the effort to put the material into a context of a real world application.
I got a lot of intuition about some fundamental aspects of linear algebra. Rest of courses on maths was very rigorous in terms of methods. This was more inclined towards applications in machine learning. I enjoyed the entire learning process
It was fun to work through the course. Sometimes it was challenging as it has to be. Now I have a much better understanding of the topic. Especially appreciated is the approach of the instructors to build intuition: it worked for me, thanks!
I really enjoyed taking this course. I could review and learn for the first time some important topics for machine learning, in special the eigenvalues and eigenvectors classes. I'd like to thank the course's professors and collaborators.
An excellent course on the fundamentals of linear algebra. It was great revisiting all this topics. I would also say that some knowledge on linear algebra would be useful for taking this course given the fact that the lectures are quick.
Offered the much needed perspective of linear algebra to develop actual understanding, than just solving problems without understanding why and how actual computation works. I would like to thank the professors for such a great course.
This course not only provided me the fundamental knowledge of Mathematics required to learn my next interested course of Machine Learning, but also helped me to kill the lockdown period due to covid-19 pandemic in a useful way at home.
Excellent course. Outstanding methodology. Great fun and intuition based leaning, kudos to David Dye, Sam Cooper and the ICL team. Thank you very much for bringing forward this course. Looking forward for many more courses from ICL :D
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. After using matrices and vectors for decades in my work, I have finally gained some intuition about what the dot-product operation, determinant and eigen-vectors actually represent. Thank you so much.
It was a very good learning and I enjoyed a lot. Hoping to take the advanced level courses in Machine learning and related areas. Thank you very much Professors David dye, Samuel J Cooper and A Freddie Page. Hoping to see you again.
Awesome course!!! The course is very helpful  for those who are willing to build  an intuition of linear algebra. The coding assignments are a bit easy for CS students, but allow you to understand what has been taught in the course.
Excellent. Exactly what I needed. A linear algebra course in machine learning. Top notch presentations, materials, and explanations. A nice blend of concepts and detailed calculations especially in transformations and eigenvectors.
I loved this course! Both Prof David Rye and Prof Sam Cooper were amazing and used brilliant techniques to ensure creative learning. I enjoyed the eigen vectors and values and pagerank algo module a little too much! Thanks a lot!
The course contains very creative introductions to some of the linear algebra theories that I was already familiar with. Could get new intuitions and better, deeper understanding of those concepts. Really glad I took this course.
I liked the course and huge number of exercises. Maybe my only problem is the academic form of the lectures that makes me lost sometimes and forces me to google for an Indian guy who can teach me the concept in a more easier way.
This course is little challenging if one has not revised Linear Algebra before, but quite interesting and fun given the examples and utility only after learning the basics of linear algebra elsewhere and then attempting this one.
This is an excellent refresher of vectors and linear algebra, and although I did it years ago in college I still found some new insights from doing this course. Its all explained very well without being bogged down in formailty.
Great course guys! I have done a course on Linear Algebra in my university and watched the 3Blue1Brown series on Essence on Linear Algebra. This course was a good recap of the concepts and their applications in machine learning
Excellent course. Material is explained thoroughly through concise short videos with plenty of visualizations that make linear algebra intuitive. Assignments are chosen carefully and the curated python labs are very enjoyable.
Nice course. This course is very good to build your fundamental knowledge for machine learning. This course gave me very clean and straight forward understand how mathematics play very important role in machine learning field.
Thank you for designing such a wonderful course. I find difficulty in understanding the concepts related to eigenvalue and eigenvectors and Page Rank. Otherwise, the other concepts have been beautifully explained. Thank you!
I really enjoyed the application of the abstract mathematical concept to real-world problems. This shift from conventional teaching of the subject makes one realise why math is at the core of all technological developments.
As for Chinese students, this course clearly explain the vectors, vector multiplication in a graph way, which for me is very useful, instead of in many Chinese university, which just state formula of calculating the vector.
I was very satisfied with the course. I'm really grateful for the effort they put into the programming exercises, so I finally began to put the theoretical knowledge into code. From now on I am able to experiment by myself.
Great pace and content very nicely curated. Loved it and will carry on with the specialisation. I am a professor myself and I am also learning a lot about good practices when it comes to teaching. Could not recommend more!
Love this course! Prof. David Dye is exceptionally great at explaining these concepts and the British accent also promotes my learning substantially. I'll definitely take the second course in the specialization very soon.
Excellent intuitive course in linear algebra. I had no idea how much I missed during my undergraduate studies. I think I went through this twice and might go through it once more. I would love another course by these two!
Great course. The instructor is really great (and neat), communicates the ideas really well and if Imperial College London is ranked that high worldwide, it's definitely because they hire professors this good. Thank you.
I can now look at Linear Algebra in a completely fresh perspective from an application stand point. The course was neatly mapped out and I really benefited from the excellent content provided by Imperial College London.
Wonderful Diploma, amazing teachers.Even a guy like me, a medical doctor socialized in Emergency Medicine, enjoyed a lot this course;I can't wait to attend to Multivariate Calculus.Thank you  much for your amazing work
This course helps me a lot. I don't need to calculate the matrix by hand. I just need to get the concept of what is the matrix doing and use computer to calculate it. This is the most import thing I got in this course.
Thank you all instructors for the efforts undertaken to develop such highly informative lectures with amazing graphics. It was really enlightening to visualize the various concepts we had studied during our academics
Awesome course for linear algebra basics. I was able to visualize the subject and see how the concepts can be applied to real life applications. The videos were short, interesting, and informative. Great instructors.
the basic concepts give you the right intuition on how things work in vectors and matrices.I strongly recommend this course to the beginners in this field. especially the week4 and week 5 concepts are really helpful.
Very good course for building your Linear Algebra foundation. If you are starting with Machine Learning then you should surely go through this course to build your intuition about what is happening behind the scenes.
David, This is a message to you, introduce the vector sections f the course with a caveat on differences between how engineers handle vectors with how Mathematicians do, It will help to make course a little clearer.
A simple background on linear algebra is useful to complete the course. It is not necessary, however, because the instructors are going to teach you everything you need in a clear and concise manner which was great.
If you are thinking/looking to do your career in machine learning or want to brush up your linear algebra concept and how this is used in Machine learning, then this course must consider or added to the to-do list.
i really enjoyed the short and concise lessons and the notebook exercises to summarise and put to practice all the learning after the end of each week. Content is easy to understand and follow。 Thank you Imperial!!
This is an amazing course. With right blend of assignments and quizzes . The lectures are very clear and nice examples have been used to simplify the content to an extent that any one can easily grasp the concepts.
This is a very good course - less of symbols and more of intuition,which is more important in applications. Profs are excellent communicators - even if you zero knowledge of the subject - you will get 100% of it...
Some of assignment problems were really challenging: especially in the Eigenvalue problems, in 5 th module. If anyone listen every single word of the instructor, he will definitely overcome. Very concise lectures.
The course provides focuses on developing intuition to understand the math required to solve problems with only a fair amount of hand calculations. Looking forward to completing the courses in this specialization!
This course is designed at a good structure and show me many intuitives on linear algebra. It does not need heavy hand calculation, instead, it brings me into the underlying zen and to a fast track of application.
The assignments were well designed. I have taken linear algebra  as a part of my degree but this course really helped me understand the concepts and introduced me to the practical applications of linear algebra.
This course has explored the application of Linear Algebra in Machine Learning. Now only I understand the use of linear algebra. I am capable of now imparting the knowledge gained in this course to my students.
Really good course for building an intuitive understanding of the concepts, as opposed to just rote memorization of formulas. Assignments also reinforce the concepts learned. Very relevant to machine learning.
While not particularly difficult material, course seems designed to build intuition more than just grinding tediously through the mechanics. Grounded in practical examples. And extraordinarily well presented.
I like how they are able to visualise everything.Since I am good at understanding abstract concepts I didn't really have the need to visualise, so it was nice to get a different perspective on Linear Algebra.
It was an awesome experience to learn how algebra can be conveyed through a computer code. The lecturers at Imperial college shared co-operative videos of learning. Coursera's subscription also helped a lot!
I would like to recommend every CS students to take this course to feel the essence of Linear Algebra. Well understandable couse it is and also the teachers are great and explaination was too understandable.
Sooooooperb course! The intuition developed by the professors was so so so magnificent that, you can apply this knowledge anywhere. Physics, signal processing and data science. Enjoyed the course throughout!
Great course. Had a lot of fun building my intuition of Linear Algebra. With the unique way its taught id say its a must course for any bachelor's student who wants to get into the world of machine learning.
This is one of the best refresher course on Algebra for anyone who is getting into the field of Machine Learning and Data Science.I learned so much from the course for these past couple of weeks. Great work.
This is very intuitive about the application of the concept mentioned in the course content which does not helps only in understanding the fundamentals but also it helps in applying it to the real problems.
So great to have you as my lecturer(s), thank you so much to bring more point of view that i hadn't known about linear algebra and machine learning, i'm glad that i got more than wahat i've learned before.
I would like to thank Vignana Bharathi Institute Of Technology and Imperial College London for giving such a wonderfull opportunity during this lockdown.This course made me to become inquisitive asusually.
I wish I was taught all of math this way, The instructors were able to show the intuition of a lot of basic concepts and deepen my understanding of them. Highly recommend for anyone doing Machine Learning.
It's very interactive course for the beginner's who are good in python programming ,you can learn the standard techniques for machine learning and this course will show the path for your career interest's
Excellent course, need to listen carefully to every sentence the instructor speaks or we miss something that will result in not solving the assignments. I liked the way the concepts are explained clearly.
Hands down one of the best courses online. As a biology-trained student, I am glad that finally there is a course which explains linear algebra with such clarity that it does not remain a black box to me.
This course was awesome.Thanks a lot to all the lecturers for developing an intuitive understanding of Linear Algebra.I thoroughly enjoyed the course throughout .The journey was so exciting.Thanks a lot!!
This course was very concise and to the point as far as the field of linear algebra in machine learning is concerned.I learned a lot and  will also like to take up the next course of this specialization.
Thank you for providing this course. An advice would be to have the programming assignments start out with more guidance before letting the student do it. The Page Rank assignment for example was great.
So great in general! But since it is not a pure maths course, some concepts are not explained in depth. It's a perfect course for self-learner because you can always go to the forum to look for answers.
Excellent course, perfect for anyone who wants to get started in Linear Algebra. The teachers explain everything clearly and the assignments are of the proper difficulty in order for you to understand.
A well packed non conventional course on linear algebra, full of interesting geometric interpretations, difficulty of the course is absolutely perfect, i am going to recommend this course to my friends
The course is good because it doesn't just teach all of linear algebra like some other courses. It only teaches what is specific to Machine Learning which actually saves a lot more time than you think.
The instruction was good throughout, but I would urge fellow students to take the time to work through the problems as suggested.  Also, the eigen- stuff is quite tricky and can fool you.  Be careful.
A great course covering key aspects of Linear Algebra with the lecturers giving a good intuition about what's going on with the subjects.(PS. I loved the sense of humor of Prof.Dye it was really fun!)
This course is not for people without any knowledge on Linear Algebra, but for those with who want to build intuitive understanding of how Linear Algebra works. I particularly like Dave's instruction.
The content of the course is very relevant, and the instructors are really fun and helpful.My only suggestion is to upload revisions for each assessment, so we can understand what we are doing wrong.
Satisfactory. Most satisfactory. Actually, this course is possibly the best linear algebra MOOC class in terms of instructor teaching style and how they pick and convey the most insightful concepts.
This was a terrific course; the instructors' are passionate and  knowledgeable about the course material, the assignments are engaging and relevant, and the length of the videos feels "just right".
Excellent course!! The Mathematics for Machine Leaning : Linear Algebra offered by the Imperial College of London it's a good step into building a strong foundation in the field of Linear Algebra.
This is the BEST course if anyone wants to learn linear algebra for machine learning. Lectures are clear and very understandable and quiz questions are great, too. Thank you for this great course.
It's a nice course but instructors should go in more details. It's mostly high school mathematics. I was expecting undergraduate level Linear Algebra. Otherwise it was a good learning experience.
Excellent course on the relevant parts of linear algebra for CS. Both instructors are great fun to watch and the assignments use up-to-date Python programming and Jupyter notebooks. Well done !!!
Efficient, targeted course for learning the language and basic operations within linear algebra. Excellent for those working full-time, and for those without much experience with linear algebra.
really good.  i would have been fine with a slightly longer course that worked through more examples and alternative explanations in order to ensure more solid understanding of complex concepts.
Brilliantly explained, loved the use of different marker which helped to understand better. Only one suggestion, if the summary has the mathematical equations/python equivalent would be helpful.
Excellent overview of Linear Algebra for those who had not formally taken up a course on the subject. I had taught myself linear algebra about 18 years back and this was a great refresher course
The concepts are explained well. However, might not be very useful for people who have some basic understanding of linear algebra. Taking this course is not as effective as reading the textbook.
Absolutely brilliant course. Mr Dye was absolutely marvellous. Got a clear and evolved concept of matrices and vectors hopefully that will help me in some ways in my machine learning pursuits.
Taught in an intuitive way. Never have I been able to understand linear algebra better than after following the first 3 weeks of this course. I can't wait to complete the entire specialization
It's been excellent so far as the instructor has mixed the basics of linear algebra and real world examples to highlight the application in machine learning. Looking forward to further videos.
Really liked this course and I will recommend those who want to know insights of machine learning and relation of it with Mathematics. Vector and algebric relation were very nicely explained.
Good course with nice lecturer.Some topics should be explain more in detail and have some further reading / exercise for practicing.For overall, this course is worth the time and money spend.
Great review of a topic I learned in College. Not sure how it would be for the first time, would probably take more repetition on certain subjects. Maybe going over the videos multiple times.
Fantastic, engaging course with many applications of mathematical concepts in programming, learned without going much in detail and getting the appropriate amount of mathematical knowledge.
The course is good. I already learned Algebra in my school, but it is just a formula. This course help me understand more deply and cover geometry meaning of the linear algebra. Thank you !
A bit challenging quizzes and assignments (for a beginner) towards the end. But this course has made me understand the fundamental concepts of Linear Algebra thoroughly. Thank you so much.
Great course, The instructor takes time to explain concept in simple relate-able detail. And the assignment a design such that your learning is re-enforced. I highly recommend this course.
The Linear Algebra course presents an easy to understand introduction to the topics of vectors and matrix manipulation without leaving the "why are we learning this?" question unanswered.
This is one of the best courses on Coursera because of the great instructors, excellent Materials and challenging assignments. It showed us how to apply all the Math we learned in Python.
Great teaching and very nice materials. This course has been useful to freshen up linear algebra while keeping in mind data science applications, which was exactly what I was looking for
One of the best course so far on Coursera. Got to learn the foundations of Linear Algebra with hands-on programming assignments using Python which brushes up the Python skills as well.
I am really happy to complete this course and obviously getting exposed to the form of teaching that focuses to develop intuition behind maths rather that working out tons of examples.
One of the best courses on the platform, full of in-depth level of knowledge built up by instrctor starting from base. totally worth my time and money! Thank you both david and samuel!
The final coding exercise was tricky if you weren't familiar with coding with Python.   But the teachers were great and very enthusiastic about linear algebra -- really a great class.
Excellent course content! Gives a very good in-sight on how matrices and vectors are inter-connected. The teachers teach the topics very well and it's a very thought-provoking course.
I liked the course very much - a very high quality material that I would recommend for people who want to improve their knowledge on the mathematical concepts used in Machine Learning
Great course for understanding the application of linear algebra in machine learning. Though compared to what I learned in class, they are relatively shallow, but more useful. Thanks~
If you're looking at refreshing your knowledge of linear algebra for machine learning, this is good course to take. Provides just about enough insights to application of linalg in ML.
Innovative instruction methods, easy to follow and very practical. Although I've taken linear algebra before, the course has helped me refresh my knowledge and learn new applications.
Strong review of linear algebra concepts with emphasis on intuitions for machine learning. Excited and engaging professors, good pace, worthwhile exercises, good programming examples.
Fantastic course that develops the intuition behind Linear Algebra. I'm glad I did it. I would couple this course with MIT prof Gilbert Strang's lectures on linear algebra on MIT OCW.
One of the more intuitive and useful linear algebra courseAll the small examples and explanation on application to machine learning has been very helpful.The activities are great too
I found this course excellent! The video production was remarkable! The instructors are very good at teaching. The course in general is challenging but very satisfactory. I loved it!
I thank so much the Mathematics for machine learning: Linear Algebra, After the course I can apply math to machine learning and understand the importance of math in machine learning.
Thanks for your gentle teaching through five weeks. I have a suggestion for WEEK5: the final exam answers could be more detailed as students can revise their coursework. All the best
Excellent course... a complete new understanding of Mathematic(Matrices/ vectors). Awesome instrocturs, and a great learning experience. The subject is really engaging. I enjoyed it
Challenging material though very enjoyable. Presenters were very clear and engaging. I would recommend this course to anyone with an interest in, or a need to learn, linear algebra.
Superb Course.Concepts are explained in a great way with real life examples. The coding assignments are also nice and help to teach how to apply the concepts that have been learned.
Concise but very helpful in providing introduction to linear algebra and how it actually fits in the scope of machine learning.Excited to try out the other parts of this course too.
Great course! It gets even more complex than the linear algebra i took in college. It was quite fun and engaging, and i believe there's really valuable knowledge to be learnt here.
The course was absolutely fantastic except for the very last week, where I felt the coverage of eigenvectors and page-rank was rushed. At the same time the assignments felt harder.
I liked it!Good leturers who are really inteested in the subject. I've bben listening to lectures with much pleasure.Interesting assignments and quizes!Highly recommend the course.
I'm impressed how good this course is. It provides lots of intuition, many examples and exercises about the topics and  Prof. Dye is a incredibly talented instructor. Thanks a lot!
This course was very useful to not only revise the basic concepts from mathematics but also to start understand how these concepts are useful and used in Machine learning. Thanks.
I'm really glad that i took this course rather waste my time on binge watching.I gave me a strong intuition about the operations and manupilaiton of matrix and coordinate systems
The course is very good only thing is you have to spent some quality time to understand in deep why linear algebra is more important and how does it involved in machine learning.
I am new to this platform...I would have liked to have the option for the system to accept lower grade (60%) if I don't have time to do 80% but have general idea on how to do it.
If you are a bottom-up person who has to understand nuts and bolts before going up the software stack, this is the course to start your machine learning study. - From a ML newbie
The course is beneficial for the development of intuition of the underpinnings of Linear Algebra. But, the pace and details covered may sometimes be overwhelming for a beginner.
Truly fantastic. It is so clear, and the questions are the right difficulty, because they are challenging and make sure that all the concepts explained are thoroughly understood
Everything was very well explained except the Page Rank part.A more detailed explanation would have been better. Overall a fantastic course for understanding Mathematics for ML
I would like to extend my thanks to the Coursera team and the team from Imperial College London for giving us such a platform to learn the basics to keep our foundation strong.
Beautifully delivered and with strong foundations, this course teaches you just the right set of things you will need to build your Linear Algebra skills for Machine Learning.
Overall it has been great in being given an opportunity to dive into mathematics world with some real useful examples! Thank you very much. Hope to see you again next courses.
I've learn the basics and other interesting topics about linear algebra. I think that the lecturer's use a simple language to describe all that it is behind the linear algebra
I will recommend this course to everyone. The way I think about matrices and eigenvectors are completely changed. This course makes the Linear Algebra very easy to understand.
The videos are brief, yet really informative. Main aspects of the subjects are covered and the lectures communicate the ideas in an intuitive manner for better understanding.
Loved it. One of the best courses I have taken in Coursera so far. The thoughtfulness with which the content is developed and delivered, technology used etc. are impeccable.
Great course. Great instructors and loved the whole course.Basis transformations, eigen vectors, eigen basis and related applications were great and explained with clarity.
Really the content of the course and the Instructor are amazing really thanks as i understand how we can map the linear algebra to the real life especially Machine Learning
This course gave me the best knowledge about Linear Algebra right from basics. The concepts in this course will be very useful and are actually essential for programming.
The lectures are very organized and concise. The practice problems, including coding exercises, are very relevant and helpful for understanding and applying the concepts.
Enjoyed a lot this course! Its very practical and visual, the assignments are fun and I learned a lot from them. Sometimes it was quite challenging, but not overwhelming.
very well designed course. After a long search for perfect math intro to ML this was the perfect course i stumbled upon. Instructors are engaging and content is relevant.
I really enjoyed both the instuctors their, teching skills are so good.I highly recommend this course to my peers those who want to do their career in machine learning .
I really enjoyed this course esp the way it was taught .The presenter used geometrical representation to make the theory understand. There was no need to refer the book.
Very good course for me to start having better understanding of linear algebra for even a high school student... thank you very much for the awesome course content....
If you are a machine learner I will recommend you should take this course, it's a like foundation it helps me a lot to understand the machine learning at deeper level.
Excellent course, covering a lot of important concepts and giving a simple and intuitive interpretation for them.  One of the best online courses I ever participated.
The seminar gave a much better conceptual understanding of linear algebra that I have not appreciated from previous course work.  I thoroughly enjoy all the lectures
It give me basic understanding of vectors and matrices. Understand the concepts of eigen values and eigen vectors and got understanding of how google pagerank works.
This is a top intro class and looks at linear algebra from first principles ,  focusing on the intuition (and the math follows very smoothly). Perfect class, really!
A really good refresher of past concepts. It builds intuition into basics that bug many people. This course can help anyone build a good foundation in Linear Algebra
Excellent  foundation course , gave me an idea how linear algebra being used for algorithms developing and enhance my intuitive about solving linear algebra problems
The 5 star goes for only and only the educator. I could never find such energy and enthusiasm in a teacher teaching Mathematics. Hope he teaches other subjects too!
Excelent course. I enjoyed and learn a lot. A great decision to start a Machine Learning course at Imperial. Ready for the second course of the especialization. :)
Highly interactive and amazing course with great learning experience . Thanks to the instructors and there tremendous efforts to explain things in a lucid manner .
Small pieces tackled one at a time, but with some challenging exercises. Not a substitute for a full linear algebra course, but a great coverage of the highlights.
Awesome! I didn't know how much I needed this reinforcement, as I had my linear algebra near to 30 years ago. Congratulations to Dave and Sam, two great teachers !
Truly a wonderful course. I wish you could have touched on the interpretation of determinants a bit more. Especially since strong knowledge of it is needed in PCA.
Loved the course. The codes were quite hard to understand but I managed to understand it after a some hard work. Overall good experience. Highly recommend for all.
I really liked the pace of this course.  Not too fast, not too slow.  I also enjoyed the focus on intuitive understandings and linear algebra in the context of ML.
Great introduction to linear Algebra! Wish my college experience was this good! I highly recommend an iPad Pro and Apple pencil to take notes. Man this is awesome.
This course cleared many of my doubts in applying Linear Algebra to practical problems. The explanations and presentations from the instructors were very helpful.
great class, only focused on the core concepts of linear algebra, and try to build a intuition of how these concepts fit in later on machine learning applications
you must do this course...the best course to learn mathematics behind machine learning. Look no further.This is an amazing million dollar course for data science
Easy to get the concepts of Vectors, Eigen Values, Eigen Vectors, and Page Rank algorithm. I can now implement some algorithms which needs matrix manipulations.
Great content, clarity and visualisations. I found this course extremely useful, it gives me fundamentals to understand more advanced machine learning problems.
This course is a must for all the people who wants to go deep into machine learning and data science as this covers the prerequisites of the courses available.
It is highly recommended. Very useful to those who are interested in AI and ML and looking for deep dive. Thanks very much coursera and imperial college London
Brilliant course, thought intuitively and had a significant impact on my perspective in viewing transformation and other operations related to linear algebra.
Excellent course a little challenging but just the right pace and depth to get one back up to speed with linear algebra, looking to build from this foundation
The last assignment (Page ranker) was really complicated. The jyupter platform also showed some issues. But the classes were really really good. I enjoyed it
This course gives you a solid base on linear algebra. The instructors are very good and the technique that is applied here to teach is unique and attractive.
Great intuition building. Absolutely enjoyed the course. I'm still a little bit behind getting the entire intuition, will come back and get it done. Love it!
Great Course to provide a better perspective to mathematics needed for machine learning. Really enjoyed the course and looking forward for more such courses.
Excellent course. It's very practical - focuses on building your intuition of core concepts and applying those concepts through simple programming exercises.
Good course. Clears a lot of basics. It gave a different perspective of Matrices and transformations which I did not have earlier. Overall very good course.
Great course to get introductory knowledge and good foundation on linear algebra, especially Eigenvalues and Eigenvectors and some basic python programming.
This course is amazing. Week 5 quiz is tricky but all the others are fine. The course might take longer than expected to complete but it's totally worth it.
Very good; contents covered gives an intuition of what's happening beneath the Mathematics. The lectures are interactive (which keeps your brain working).
A very informative course that is focused on understanding the concepts of linear algebra and its applications rather than on solving numerical problems.
The way this course is structured gives me confidence in myself and allows me to have a better exposure time towards the content. Fantastic way to learn!
The programming assignments are very well-designed. They are easily to follow and give me confidence to use Python deal with complex mathematic problems.
I love the stuff that I learned: the usefulness of eigenvalues and eigenvectors, coding pagerank algorithm, gram Schmidt to create orthonormal basis, ...
Enjoyed the course a lot!  It stretched me at times, and I definitely got what I needed and know where to go to fill in any knowledge gaps in the future.
If you are new to Machine Learning and mediocre in Mathematics (even though you studied this topic before), then this course is the right place for you!
Over the years, I have learned linear algebra from several sources but this by far enagaged me the most and taught me the intuition more than any other.
Wonderful course, highly recommended for everyone who is trying to learn AI/ML/Data Science. Specially for someone who want to brush up their knowledge.
The course was really good! If programming is better learned through books, math is better learned from courses where you can visually see all concepts.
A new way of looking at eigen values and vectors, every engineer should do this course.It will help developing strong fundamentals for machine learning.
It was a "neat" lecture for understanding the basic of linear algebra. Programming assignments and test were well designed. Thank you for the lecturers.
Great approach, teaching the intuition of mathematics, this is exactly what I was looking for! Thank you to the amazing instructors for the fun course!
Very good basic linear algebra course which explains intuition behind concepts like eigen values/eigen vectors, matrix as a geometric transformation.
I really good course for someone who never had the opportunity to study linear algebra and already have passed for some concepts in machine learning!
Great intro to the subject, at a level that was just right for me (challenging but not overwhelming). Very friendly, well-produced videos. Thank you!
Fantastic recap on linear algebra concepts.The focus on intuitive understanding is a pleasure and far more engaging than more traditional approaches.
Great course to build confidence and intuition in linear algebra. Not much focus on practical computations, but that' s not the scope of the course.
One of the most concise and yet complete courses on Linear algebra in the light of its practical application in the real world and machine learning
Awesome course by Imperial College London. Core concept fo macine learning, data science, and both instructors teach in with their depth knowledge
This course gives you an in-depth understanding of Linear Algebra concepts that are momentous for Machine Learning, so DO NOT hesitate to take it.
I learned the best visualisation of linear algebra's concepts. Nothing is better that understanding the concepts and how the things are happening.
Extremely Helpful.Every Machine Learning Aspirant should complete this course to get the basics right! Instructors and Course Content are perfect.
Combined with 3Blue1Brown this course is gorgeous. It would be nice, though, to have more details covered, explanations and non-trivial examples.
Love this course! Quite didatic, illustrates how Linear Algebra and Machine Learning are connected. Teachers explain brilliantly. Fantastic one!
The teachers are quite good and the subjects of the course very interesting, I learned many new things and I feel that it is very useful for me.
Excellent course for developing intuition for linear algebra, transformation matrices, basis changes, and eigenvalue and eigenvector operations.
The instructors explained everything really well. I took Linear Algebra in university and could not understand things as well as in this course!
Great linear algebra part, compare to regular linear algebra class. This class focues more on intuitive and practice. I really enjoy this class.
only the homework is not so friendly to the people who do not use python often, and the other is so good, especially about the teachers, thanks!
Very high production standards, well presented by enthusiastic staff and very manageable as  the material is taught so well. Highly recommended.
This course teaches complex theories of Linear Algebra in a simple way. Coding Practice problems were very useful in implementing the learning.
Wow, this course was hard.  But very good, I learned so much about transforming vectors and matrices as well as some interesting Python coding.
When I started this course, I have no experience in Mathematics, but after this course, I got confidence in Better understanding of algorithms
It was a nice course. The way they explain the concept is really appreciable. This course focused more on intuition rather than rote learning.
A very useful course for Machine learning, you will never feel aloof if you are not with a Mathematics background while learning ML afterward.
The course is very great. I have thoroughly enjoyed taking it. However, 5th module should be improved by teaching diagonalization more deeply.
This course was a really excellent refresher in linear algebra! Everything was presented clearly, and the lectures and homework were engaging.
It was very useful course for me as i`m not good at school math so it helped me understand concepts and not focusing  on traditional methods.
Very informative, even as I start my postgraduate studies, I have picked up on a few notions and perspectives I have never considered before.
I'm only at the beginning of the course but the material is really worth it.Great instructor. He makes himself very clear and easy to follow.
Great class and wonderfull material. Focused on intuition and programming rather that minndlessly solving problems as a mechanical challenge.
Website works really well and the course material is clear and concise where the lecturer describes the theory and its application very well.
Course is very interesting and all the concepts regarding linear algebra is conveyed in practical manner.Thoroughly enjoyed the whole course
I needed a course to understand basic of linear algebra prior to starting masters course in discrete optimization.  This course was perfect.
This course is very well designed, I loved it!I would like to see an Imperial College London design a fully fledged Machine Learning Course.
Used this course as a refresher, it has done a great job and even managed to teach me some geometric intuition behind some of the concepts.
Very good course. It well structured, good lectures and assignments. It gives enough intuition and refresh to move forward. Thank you team!
Very nice pace of the course will not overwhelm you. Thank you very much to all the instructors, it was indeed very fun to learn with you!
I strongly recommend to follow this course, it's challenging at times but it's worth it in order to build a solid base in machine learning
awesome learning experience, great visualization of number and its just number which can mean a lot!!! must take course... thank you team!
The course is a great one for someone who has been through high school mathematics. On hand questions are practiced using machine learning
Einstein Notation is very useful, and  I hadn't heard of it before the class. With this tool, I can easily derive formulas in MATRIX form.
it was really a great course and a great pleasure for me getting chance to learn about Mathematics for machine learning : Linear algebra.
Extremely useful, but I would not recommend to take it without ANY prior knowledge of linear algebra, as the course's pace is quite fast.
A great conceptual introduction to linear algebra without excessive number-crunching (after all, a computer can do the math for you now).
I appreciated how teachers at Imperial London College showed practical aspects of linear algebra. I think it was a well condensed course.
Great courses. Teachers maje things really simple. I've took other álgebra courses but this one use clearer and deeper at the same time.
A magnificent overture to ML and an excellent LA refresher. Excellent instructors. Some of the assignments were a bit hard but worth it.
This is a good Course with nice lecturers. Thank you very much! Recommended to everyone who is interested in the Topic of Linear Algebra
Very good presentations and I like the way you constructed the material, not just solving the equations. Thank you very much.     Shufei
A great course for ML. It is easy to understand and the coding work is useful. However, I expect more content covering more knowledge.
It was quite intersting. Have studied these vector operations previously but havn't paid much emphasis on the geometric point of view.
Whoa there's a lot things i learned ,especially The Eigen vector , and the lecturer is great enough explained the materials ,THANKS!!
Very good explanation!I have READ linear algebra for not less than 5 times, this course explained the concepts so well and I LEARNED!
This course is designed excellently and I recommend this to every one who wants to explore the depth of Machine Learning from Basics
This course gives a lot of confidence. Also, teaching style is awesome in this course. I learnt so many unknown concepts and tricks.
This is a very interesting course. I completed this during lock down and am looking forward to other courses in this specialization.
Very professional and passionate lecturers with positive vibes. Recommended course to gain mathematical intuition in linear algebra.
Thanks and very informative gave good understanding and linear algebra. Can be taught with some easy examples and basics explained.
It's a great foundation course for anyone who wants start their journey in Data Science.The content is relevant to ML applications.
Spectacular class! Well-designed to be clear and also an efficient use of time. The instructors are top class. Highly recommended.
This is my first course on coursera, and it was an awesome experience! I will definitely be taking more courses in the near future
This is an excellent course if you're willing to build your intuition on what happens when complex codes in Machine Learning run.
The Graphics and teach the equations in a intuitive manner open up new networks to connect between different Concepts and domains
Very well designed course to provide the background in a simplified form on a concept which is top of mind for several businesses
It's really helpful to rebuild the fundamental, not very deep enough. It's better to read some books as well when take the course
This course is very helpful for me. Revised my Linear Algebra with the help of machine Learning. Loved this page rank algorithm.
The tutors and the overall program was superb I wish I had enough money to travel to London and take admission at this instittue
Great course. Some really challenging assignments and tasks! It was also great to get a little insight to Google's site ranking.
Great content delivered in a very concise manner with adequate examples and visualizations to aid in understanding the concepts.
I had already looked at Khan Academy and 3bluebrown1 before taking this course. This course packs the best of both in one place.
This course is kinda challenging for those who have never learned linear algebra before. But generally I recommend this course.
Exactly what I wanted.  I am far better equipped to deal with linear algebra and the inner workings of machine learning models.
This is Helped me to  bridged the gap  of understanding mathematical concept and to how I can use this in computational domain.
Checked few courses and finally found this one providing great intuition and lots of confidence go deeper into neural networks.
It is a good math course to provide basic and useful understanding on the Linear Algebra. Thanks to the tutors. Good Teaching!
Very interesting course. I realy enjoyed all the explanations, the geometrical hints on every concept introduced. Thanks à lot
Wow! Amazing course. The way it is taught gives insights into various operations on matrices and vectors. Highly recommended!
I literally completed this course in a week. This is so interesting. I have recommended almost 10 of my friends to take this.
This course has broadened my intuition and empowered me to appreciate the Linear algebra, thank you very much for this course
I think it is and excellent course because it has a really intuitively way of explaining important concepts of linear algebra
From a different point of view to learn linear algebra from my undergraduate study, which is really good and more intuitive!
A great course to learn mathematics for machine learning . Learn a lot thanks for providing me financial aid for the course.
Very, refresh my knowledge and help me build the intuition about linear algebra. Linear algebra became fun and easy for me.
One of the best courses on Linear Algebra (in a 4-5 week format) that focuses on building intuition using different lenses.
Very quick thorough covering of the fundamentals of Linear Algebra as applicable to ML.It has some decent Python stuff too.
Loved the course, the difficulty is a bit uneven between some lessons but overall, I am satisfied with the overall quality.
A beautiful course to give you an insight about the geometric interpretation of ML and get an intuition of various concepts
One of the best mathematics course in Coursera. Probably the best introductory course for mathematics in Machine Learning.
It' like I am learning the vectors and the concepts of linear algebra with much more efficiency knowing where to use them.
Really loved every moment of this course. The intuitive understanding you get from this course is priceless in many ways.
Awesomely interactive and renders decent coverage of subject.. would recommend it for every ardent learner of the subject
Superb course for revising the old concepts and learning new concepts, showing geometrical and arithimetic point of view
Great course. Good use of animations during the lectures. The notes in the python projects help if you're new to Python.
A great course, really enjoyable. The concepts were explained well. Picks up in terms of difficulty level at mid point.
Both the professors were charming! Excellently explained concepts with PageRank discussion being the icing on the cake.
Excellent course that provides mathematical and geometric intuition behind the linear algebra used in machine learning!
I like the accent of the professor! The context of the lesson is develop gradually which aids my understanding of math.
Excellent intro to Linear Algebra with clarity on concepts such as application of Gram Schmidt method and Eigenvectors.
During this course i finally  got intuition for many things in Linear Algebra that seemed to me too complicated before.
I guess the best I ever have, very informative, and the instructor explains the ideas very systematically and clearly.
This course is helpful for who are beginner in machine learning field and want to learn basic concepts of mathematics.
This course is EXACTLY what I needed - a demonstration of the ideas of linear algebra and how to implement those ideas
It's very interesting and more informative I enjoyed very much and learned some thing. Thank you for the opportunity.
Great course to get started with Mathematical Tools one wants to learn in order to get started with Machine Learning.
Loved instructors, well-paced. It can get confusing at times in the quizzes, forums will not help you in this course.
totally refreshing way to learn linear algerbra. This course opens my eyes. Thanks so much for bring it to the world!
This course is brilliantly explained.  I will be reviewing the lecture videos from time to time to refresh my memory.
Great course to learn new things in Linear Algebra, while recalling what I have learned in undergraduate mathematics
Best Linear Algebra course ever.I have done it several times during my life time but this was the one best explained
Great course, the instructors are super cool and they explain the content pretty well, I also liked the assignments.
The course was challenging and was very useful for me to get thorough knowledge of mathematics for machine learning.
I learned more in 4 weeks than 1 semester at the University, I am grateful to you for sharing this wonderful course.
This is an excellent course. Added new dimension to my knowledge.  Great Exercises that enhance your understanding.
Thanks a lot, linear algebra has become clearer and I'm looking forward to use that in my work and future projects!
An Excellent Introduction to the heart of Machine Learning. Covers almost all the concepts required for starting ML
Very good and thorough explanations on the topics, with a big scope of how things working instead of just the math.
So like it. This is a overal view about linear algebra. I like the test to check my understanding about knowleage.
Covers the basics and gives a good understanding of what linear algebra is, what it can solve and how to apply it.
Very good class for second time linear algebra learners, if you are away from college for a period of time already
The best course I took on Coursera. The lecturers are world-class, as expected given that they teach on Imperial.
I really enjoy this course. Thought it was hard. seems I need to repeat whole course one more time. Thanks a lot.
I really enjoyed the lessons and I was selective as I needed some special parts of this lesson. Totally satisfied
Got a great idea on behind scenes of Linear algebra.Great sessions by both David and Samuel, informative as well.
Worth time spending. It is a great to start for a person who is wanted or just started learning machine learning.
Good course for refreshing your knowledge in Linear Algebra. Easy to understand material and instructor is great.
Wonderful course. Really gained a lot from this course. The teaching methodology and assignments were very good.
Really nice courses. The way combining the learning and practicing really impresses me. I enjoy the coding part.
Excellent! each video and the instructors walked along with us to show the amazing Linear Algebra Core Concepts!
The course is great. Assignments really help me understand more clearly of what I have learnt from the lectures.
Excellent course, really good for students seeking to understand mathematical concepts behind machine learning.
Excellent introduction to linear algebra for ML. Very intuitive examples and conceptual understanding of maths.
Fantastic course - not too hard, not too easy but covers a fair amount of material and in a very intuitive way.
good teaching . but felt it should be more of animative  teaching so that we can understand the topic in detail
One of the best I've seen on linear algebra. I would recommend it for people who need a refresh on the subject.
It is a wonderful course to understand linear algebra. I am really grateful to the professors for their effort.
Good introduction to linear algebra -- provides a base from where to start climbing. Instructors are very good.
Concepts explained beautifully. It gave me new perspective to think about matrices and problems related to it.
Excellent! Extremely clear explanations of concepts and plenty of relevant exercises to understand and apply.
Very much interesting  course and found helpful also.Teachers gave a very nice explanation.Thank You Teachers
Such a great first step to machine learning world. This is really useful to build up a strong knowledge base.
One of the best courses that teaches you the intuitions and applications instead of rote-learning. Loved it!
This course helped me to achieve understand concepts of machine learning in a way I never understood before.
It was a good experience. That way you taught us that was awesome. For that, I want to say thank you so much
Very helpful course , Understanding the logic behind operations can be  easily understood thrugh this course
Great course, it requires a little of previous knowledge in mathematics to complete it in the time suggested
Very useful in terms of Machine learning. I think this course is a prerequisite of machine learning courses.
Focused on the geometrical view to look at the linear algebra rather than hand-calculations. Very intuitive!
The focus of the course is on understanding the concept, not calculation -- that makes the course brilliant
An awesome course for students who want to develop and attain an intuitive understanding of Linear Algebra.
I loved it! It has helped me to further understand the math behind Machine Learning and its applications :)
Thanks a lot teachers.Godspeed to you all for making learning fun and interesting for what it is all about.
Very good course, and the way of reaching is intuitive but require more details in the part of eigenvectors
Fantastic instructors who made the experience, as Professor Dye would say, very satisfactory and very nice.
Nice course design, especially for the practice of matrix manipulation frequently used in machine learning.
Great course! A lot of focus on concepts and intuition vs mindlessly computing determinants, inverses etc.
Fantastic course.  Totally recommended.  It wakes your brain and make you actually think on the concepts.
Very nice and interesting. The matrix is the transformation of the basic unit vector. It's really useful.
Best course to understand the basics of linear algebra before getting started with Machine Learning or AI
Its easily one of the best Linear Algebra course. Provides a full picture of the vectors and matrix in ML
Amazing course with the detailed explaination on why Linear Algebra and Matrices(concepts) are important.
great material! i enjoyed every second of the course - also need to thanks for the professors enthusiasm!
Such a course that you won't believe, exists and published with Audit option (aka FREE!). More disbelief!
Great intro into vector algebra - helps build better intuition even if you know all the formulas already.
Great course but should be considered only as a first step.  Will need to take more courses in the area.
Just marvelous, the instructors are so friendly and enthustiastic and know how to convey knowledge well!
Learnt a lot about vector operations and eigenvectors. Loved it. The animation stuff was simply awesome.
A very essential course for ML foundation. The course is very well designed to suit the target as well.
A great course to understand the underlying principles of linear algebra required for Machine Learning.
A great course to learn the part of Linear Algebra that is necessary an sufficient for Machine Learning
I really enjoyed this course, visualizations were useful and helped me understand concepts a lot better
It provided a good coverage of fundamentals and practised through quizzes and programming applications.
Very precise and covers all the important topics of linear algebra. Quizzes and assignments are must ..
This is an excellent course for Machine learning foundation. The examples and excercises are quite good
Awesome foundation course. Especially the eigen vector and value bit and the gram shcmidt part. Awesome
Easy to understand but not too easy. Recommend for people who has some understanded in linear algebra.
Great introductory course to see how to apply abstract knowledge in linear algebra to computer science
Could do with more feedback & help from faculties in the forum, but otherwise it's a very nice course!
Very well put together, well presented and easy to understand. One of the best MOOC's I've ever taken.
Excellent course!  It gives me a pretty good intuition of linear algebra, especially the assignments!
Videos and material are very well produced.One of the best Linear Algebra courses I have seen online.
The course gives you all the intuition behind all the major linear algebra concepts one needs to know
it was so owsamm... course learnt something new but not get certificate  yet what about certificate ?
Nice Course! Carefully explain the core concept in linear algebra and links with computational method
Informative and not overbearing. Does a good job connecting lecture material with practical problems.
I enjoyed the presenter's.  The course helps you see how linear algebra is connected to data science.
A very intuitive course for all the machine learning enthusiasts. And covered in a very nice manner.
I learned new ways of understanding linear algebra, which is different from text books I've learned.
A fantastic course, good explanation for linear algebra concepts, but you need to study good for it
Very Useful to understand clearly the Linear Algebra Basics.Thanks u professor.U did a great job.:)
Superb introduction to Linear Algebra! Thanks to the instructors for their very clear explanations!
Very clearly taught, and very focused on explaining difficult concepts in understandable language.
The course is awesome & helped me a lot. It also developed my basic knowledge of Machine Learning.
Best instructors. I am hoping to finish the whole specialization Mathematics for Machine Learning.
For those who already are well versed with Linear algebra you will gain great geometric intuition.
some contents need to do further research online to have a deep understanding. Lectures are great!
Well, structured course. Highly helpful to clear the doubts of Linear Algebra and Its application.
Amazing course with great practical examinations to better understand the theory and implement it.
The instruction was excellent, and there were a lot of assignment and/or quizzes to help practice.
Great instructors and great engagement. A very comfy way to have a broad view on a linear algebra.
Gained an intuitive understanding of Linear Algebra like never before. The professors are awesome.
Excellent instructors who engage us to understand the linear algebra needed for machine learning.
Nice course! I really enjoyed the explanations, assignments and explamples worked on this course.
Great Linear Algebra Fundamental course suitable for building the foundation for Machine Learning
A Very good course to get knowledge of linear algebra and its applications to ML and data science
Gave me a good intuitive feel for a subject I had seen before without intuitively understanding.
Good breadth of content, excellent presentation, loads to exercises to reinforce your knowledge.
Thanks for all professors. The content is really good, looking forword to the following courses.
Awesome videos with expert instructors. Also enjoyed the assignments and notebooks, very useful!
Great explanation by great professors, which is making me inspiration on a further topic like ML
Mathematics behind the Python coding is essential and it can be easily learned from this course
A great course. for the first time understood how powerful the linear algebra and matrices are.
This course is very much helpful to build skills in mathematics as well as in machine learning.
A quick review of linear algebra concepts with many guided programming exercises for beginners!
I had not done much mathematics since high school. I thoroughly enjoyed this course. Well done.
Wonderful course. Allowed me to familiarize with Linear Algebra without spending a lot of time!
I am a student in imperial this course help me a lot in learning 496 math for machine learning.
Love this! Quality of the recording is impressive, content what exactly what I was looking for.
First time I felt Mathematics is not just a Number it's so much of visualization. Math is fun.
Very visual and engaging. The lecturers' passion for the topic adds to the learning experience
A well designed refresher course with greater emphasis on teaching us the underlying concepts.
The course was very nice and deals with all the required linear algebra for machine learning.
Great course and must have for machine learning students. Course however is not for beginners
A very nice introduction of linear algebra from applications in machine learning perspective.
very deep course in linear algebra, but tailored for machine learning. Truly great teaching.
This course revised everything which I learnt before. The professors are awesome! Thank You.
The First time I can interpret the linear algebra operations and build intuition about them!
practicing with this course is really helpful for beginners in the world of machine learning
Well structured, and excellent professors, and with challenging assignments. Worth my time.
Thorough and friendly face instructor from Imperial, a pleasure to watch and easy to follow
The course describtion is  very clear. We can learn the basic linear algebra concept well !
David Dye is excellent! I wish my university mathematics was taught like this 15 years ago.
Outstanding course, very clear and nice professors and assignments to test out your skills
Absolutely brilliant course. The python assignments are the main highlight of this course.
A wonderful course with enough applicative scenarios to the mathematics of Linear algebra.
An amazing course even for math majors, as it helps develop an intuition into the subject.
It was to the point and intuitive to learn the this course and the exercises are real fun!
This course helped me to attain a sound knowledge in Linear Algebra. Thank You professors!
Very interesting course! Examples are practical and closely related to data science topic!
This course is amazing for the beginning of machine learning with the base of mathematics.
Pretty basic, but nicely executed. Practically going through the basics of linear algebra.
It is a nice course with understanding focused over procedures and mathematical exercise.
This course and Grant Sanderson's youtube videos can make anyone superb at Linear Algebra
This course is very challenging and the same time useful. I've learn a lot of new things.
I think it overturns my understanding of linear algebra, I was lucky to meet this course.
Nice Course. Explain in easy and clear way. Cover basic topics for machine learning well.
The course for every engineer who want to refresh math skills before trying data science.
Wonderful course for anyone interested to know how intuitive and deep math concepts are!
Very intuitive, well explained and recommended course for machine learning practitioner.
This is a well-organized course for learner algebra. I learn a lot. Thank you very much.
One of the excellent course by Imperial College. Really enjoyed the 5 weeks of learning.
Good Course! Helps to visualize the Linear Algebra and it's application in Data Science.
Since I haven't been doing linear algebra after college this course is a good refresher!
This is a mind-blowing course, very informative and takes your skills to the next level.
I very friendly introduction to linear algebra that makes you fully comfortable with it.
A truly beautiful course, that builds an intuitive understanding of the basic concepts.
This s course is very essential to study further neural networks and machine learning .
Vectors and matrices were always confusing to me, this course cleared all my confusion.
Excellent course, challenging but very detailed in every subject, strongly recommended!
essential course if you want to pursue your carrier in machine learning i learned a lot
Insightful and challenging, excellent course! Thanks for delivering this awesome course
Thanks for a wonderful lecture on Linear Algebra and programming for machine learning.
Very good and clear. I completed as a complete beginner, having just finished my GCSEs
Concise course built to develop core concepts. The lectures are beautifully delivered.
Great and challenging course to bring anyone up to speed with the essential concepts.
A good course to refresh your memories and relearn Linear algebra in new perspective.
Very good course! One should try for better insights on Machnie learning Fundamentals
I would like to thank Prof Sam and Prof David for making the course very interesting.
High recommended to the people who want to recover their knowledge on linear algebra.
great class, a lot of information but the core ideas and concepts are well explained.
It's Exceptionally well designed and well taught course for aspiring data scientists.
Awesome course. Basics of maths for machine learning aspirations. very good teaching.
All you need to do is to be consistent in order to get most out of this specilization
This course was every bit painful, fun and really worth the time spent on. :) Thanks!
this an excellent course. the material was great and the instructors are very clear.
An excellent introduction if you want to brush up your knowledge on linear algebra!!
Great enthusiastic lecturers and amazing explanation from a geometric point of view.
Besides some problem with programming assignment submission, it's an awesome course.
Give an excellent intuition about all the topics, great examples, I love the course
Really it was excellent content represented in a geometric way. I enjoyed it a lot.
This course is really good for beginners and people who want to review mathematics.
Great course fr remenber importan topics the university and use in machine learning
Exceptional experience working with the beauty of linear algebra and vector spaces.
Nice course, nice teachers, a was able to gain a knowledge that i needed. Thank you
Easy to learn and understand the abstract core concepts of  linear algebra. Thanks.
The course content, structure and tutors are superb. Challenging assignments though
Thiw as much more interesting than the linear algebra class I took a long time ago.
Clearly presented and engaging through the course's focus on Data Science problems.
Great course with everything explained visually! I would recommend it to everyone.
Brilliant course to covers all nitty-gritty of  Liner algebra in Machine Learning.
A clear and concise introduction to linear algebra. Excellent instructors as well.
Perfect for those who thinking of starting Machine Learning and Data Science or AI
Theory and examples discussed in lecture may more closely mapped to the Exercises
Excellent instruction, with great relationship between the videos and assignments
Amazing course for neophytes who wants to dive into the world of Machine Learning
course is amazing. Approach of teaching via intuitions was just amazing.loved it.
I Had Really fun doing it and they helped me get a Intuitive  learning experience
Very helpful insight into linear algebra for ML, also introduction to numpy usage
Quite interesting course. Instructors showed great skills. Good for engineering.
Much needed and often overlooked foundation skills for carving a career in AIML.
I want Thank you Coursera and Instructor for adding the values in my knoweledge
Great course! It teaches Linear Algebra in a fun, easy(ish), and effective way!
Thanks Coursera and Imperial for the awesome instructors,  material and content
damn good! i love David Dye and sam cooper teaching approach and explanations!!
Nice to learn math for machine learning and it's nicely design course for that.
This course is amazing. The concepts are difficult but the effort is worth it.
It gives me eyes to see everything in the world can explain by linear algebra!
Excellent course on linear algebra to obtain (or refresh) some basic concepts.
Excellent course. Loved the application of mathematics to real world problems.
Very good explanation of the geometrical background of matrix transformations,
Excellent course. The two lectures are very very good. Very clear explanations
great course for an intro to linear algebra....thanks Imperial College London!
Loved the course. Has plenty of practice quizzes and challenging problem sets.
Excellent course very detailed and have great tools to visualize the problems
Makes clear what they teach and teaches it beautifully. Will never get bored.
Excellent course -- very good lectures and a useful introduction to the topic
Very good course that develops an intuitive understanding of Linear Algebra.
Great Course for development of intuition on Linear algebra, quite engaging.
Good course in Linear Algebra, the examples are related contents with codes.
Clear concise course. Good assignments, that challenges your thought process
good for people who want to understand linear algebra from a geometry aspect
Really enjoyed the course!Wonderful lectures and really helpful assignments.
Very well explained course and the exercises are very good and challenging.
Amazing course overall! Great instructors, great and challenging exercises!
An excellent course to learn the geometric intuition behind linear algebra.
Great short intro to linear algebra. Excellent treatment of eigen problems.
Dear Professor, Very Good Course to learn mathematics for machine learning
Excelent course , this is my best course in Linear Algebra i really likeit
Exceptional instructors! A lot of practical application and use of python.
Very well presented, blew the cobwebs off my brain since Math@UCL(89)  :)
a good beginner course for linear algebra. basics are taught intuitively.
It was really good, with the relevant topics related to machine learning.
A very very good course with clear explanation and best quality teachers.
Very useful. Teaching was very clear for me. It was more than I expected.
Very nice course that helps to build intuition in linear algebra. Thanks!
Greate explanation in general. Exercises were concise as well as lectures
Great course ! I've learn this topic more than everythin in just 3 days.
Good explanation, earned new knowledge, definitely recommend this course
I loved the way tutors explained the concept. It was an nice experience.
This is an intensive but very useful course of stepping stone to ML Math
perfect recap of necessary terminology and math algorithms, great course
Well designed for students who want to understand Linear Algebra for ML.
Clear explanations by the professors and good guided hand-on practices.
Very good to learn the intuition behind so many matematical operations.
Gave a nice intuition to the subject and that was exactly what I needed
Well presented, easy to follow and very good explanations and examples!
Amazing course . I really know what is matrix only after this course .
Amazing course! The two tutors explanations of each topic are amazing!
This is an excellent course, I recommend this for every mathematician.
Highly recommended for anyone who is starting out in Machine Learning.
I read the linear algebra in my first year but I understand it now....
Great teacher, great course, easy to understand but still challenging.
it was really good and helpful. bright lecturers and amazing contents
Outstanding course, great teachers and beautiful visualisation tools.
Awesome course. Could be improved by having more guidance on homework
Great course and taught me insight into why linear algebra is useful!
Great course, with amazing intuitions and nice programming exercises.
It's a great course for studying Algebra especially vector and metric
The intuitive way of teaching the subject is simply awesome.Good job.
The course was very well taught and went on smoothly with no pressure
Great course to see the applications of linear algebra in real-life.
Great value and quiet enough as linear algebra basic material for ML
Very well explanation by experienced teachers. Enjoyed whole course.
The instructors were great and the length of the videos is bearable.
This course was a lot more useful than the course I got in college.
Excellent introduction to mathematical basics for Machine Learning.
The course materials are communicated very efficiently and clearly.
Very good and useful course, worth spending money and valuable time
Really useful and everybody with passion and motivation can do it.
Very good very clear. Begineers will definitively have a take out.
The assignments were hard ,but learned good amount of information.
Excellent course, with a great team of well-motivated instructors.
Demanding but worth it. You have got to mirror the bear to see...
Intuitive explanations rather than jargons, very enjoyable course
I really enjoyed this course. This was a good refresher for my LA
Very clear quick browse through some concepts from linear algebra
excellent course for freshen-up linear algebra, highly recommend!
Best course to start off with for people stepping into ML field.
The course is very informative and really interesting to listen.
Good for developing linear algebra intuition and helps visualize
Excellent amount of knowledge presented in a simpler visual way
it's quiet short but contains most of the important imformation
Hope this module can covers more about dimension reduction etc.
Must watched Course for Machine learning and all Mathematician
good course to understand the mathematics for machine learning
An amazing introduction to a crucial part of machine learning!
Great course for understanding the algebraic way of thinking.
This course helped me to understand the concepts intuitively.
I had fun learning basis, change of basis and transformation.
Excellent modules to revise concepts and practice application
good course to understand the fundamentals of linear algebra.
Great course for beginners who want to learn machine learning
Mathematics for Machine Learning: Linear Algebra  ... REVISED
Must course to understand the maths behind machine learning.
Amazing course. I'll take it again, and again, and again :)
Very good all around.  Good material for me.  Good teaching
The instructor does a great job at explaining key concepts!
It gives a great visual intuition on linear algebra topics.
Awesome way to quickly revise some linear algebra concepts.
Informative and concise course. Good pace and explanations.
Very practical and dynamic tutorial of linear algebra. thx.
best course to improve the concept behind machine learning
Engaging and informative instruction, and a helpful forum.
Absolutely loved this course, the instructors were amazing
Excellent course. Good balance between theory and examples
this is really intuitive course which makes me love maths.
This was everything it promised to be. I was very pleased.
Thecoursefulfillsitsgoalsperfectlyandmeetsexpectation100%.
nice course.but programming Assignment trouble to submit .
Lectures and assignments are very nice and understandable.
Taught by people who really enjoy their topic - excellent!
This course gives me geometric intuition of linear algebra
very well structured. problem solving pushes to learn more
This course is awesome. One of the best I've done so far.
Excellent content, challenging assignments, great course!
The best course to take before starting Machine Learning.
very good course to grasp main concepts of linear algebra
Excellent intro into Linear Algebra and Machine Learning.
great course. gave me lots of intuition of linear algebra
Good balance between presentation and excellent exercises
The hands-on learning on web page ranking was insightful.
Very interesting course. I enjoyed learning this course.
Exceptionally Good..With highly experienced instructors.
nice intro to the linear algebra world and relevant code
Really good course, help me to understand linear algebra
very good course for high level aspect of linear algebra
Best way to start Machine Learning for Mathematicians!!
just awesome. challenging at times but totally worth it
The course is pretty good and both teachers are amazing
Very good. Excellent inroduction and highly accessible!
Concepts are clearly explained with numerical examples.
The course is so helpful & the instructors are amazing
Excellent Courses, Great refresher of Linear Algebra!!
This Course is very informative and helped me a lot !!
Excellent course for linear algebra.faculty is so good
goodfor linear algebra good start for machine learning
Awesome Course  i will definately recommend my friends
Lectures speed is fast. But lectures are just awesome.
A really wonderful courses that helped my in my career
The course content was really helpful and interesting.
Excellent course which provides a new viewpoint for ML
Great experience learning from Imperial and coursera.
Really good understanding about vectors and there use
Very good, very challenging and satisfying all in all
1 step closer to becoming a machine learning engineer
changing the basis and reflecting plane helped me lot
It was a challenging course and I really enjoyed it!
This course is very interesting about linear algebra
I love the instructors as much as I loved the course
Great course. Great challenges. Completely worth it.
Excellent course covering concepts of linear algebra
very nice course, highly useful for my future study!
Good for basic understanding,  Assignments are fine.
very intuitive, must have of clear description of LA
I recommend this to anyone who is interested in LA.
best course of linear algebra. just love the course
The faculty has explained the concepts very nicely.
Wonderful course design! Helps me a lot. Thank you!
Its good course for anyone who has to build basics.
Nice course. Good examples, programming assigments!
This was just amazing. Thank you for all the work.
Interesting, and crisp course. Really enjoyed it !
It's clear and intuitive, especially the examples.
Nice mix of video lectures and practice exercises.
A good course for intermediates in Linear Algebra
Excelent quality of videos and good explanations.
Excelent, I reinforced what I previously learned.
great course, gives clear info on linear algebra.
Nice introduction or freshener on linear algebra.
The best mathematics course for machine learning
This course is very informative for the beginner
Excellent content from the Imperial team. Thanks
Excellent to understand basics of Linear algebra
I got a great experience on this course, really.
I got I expected to take this course. Thank you!
Excellent Teachers I wish attend them in person.
Topics are well motivated and explained clearly.
Brilliant course! The instructors are excellent.
it was an amazing experience taking this course
please check the problems of students regularly
excellent one, they lectures were too the point
Best linear algebra course to learn the basics.
Very Useful. Thank you Imperial College London.
it's an awesome course with awesome instructors
thank you for making education more accessible.
One of the best online courses I've ever taken.
The professor is super clear and makes it fun!
thank you so much this was so fun and informal
Really Great way to brush up on Linear Algebra
Easy course, if you are an engineering student
Need to provide more examples and explanations
Awesome course with great learning experience!
greate course! really clear and well teaching!
I am in last week and till now it is the best.
The best linear algebra courses I ever learnt！
great instructors!great learning!great course!
It was good experience. I enjoyed this course.
A perfect course to start with linear algebra
one of the good course about machine learning
Awesome introduction to LA!Very good content!
very useful! changes the perspective of math.
Truly exceptional course. Strongly recommend!
Very Good Course. Instructors are excellent.
Excellent course with fantastic instructors.
The materials and the lectures just awesome!
Very helpful. Video lectures were well done.
It will give you a very basic understanding
Pretty good for brushing up the mathematics
I had a very good time with linear algebra.
Nice intro to the linear algebra intuition.
Very good materials focusing on math for ML
Really good course with clear explanations.
Great tutorial for refresh my mathematics.
I learnt new concepts and enjoyed learning
Great video production, clear and concise.
Terrific! That is very easy to understand.
Good for studying basics of linear algebra
Good course to start learning math for ML.
Really nice introduction. Highly recommend
Nice introduction course! Worth doing it.
useful lectures for growing our knowledge
one of the most amazing must have courses
thanks for explaing the things very clear
Excellent introduction to linear algebra!
Simply excellent and highly recommended !
Very challenging yet extremely beneficial
Builds intuition. Prof. David Dye rocks.
Excellent course for budding researchers
Thanks to Prof. David Dye and Prof. Sam.
Very good course, pedagogy is brilliant.
David Dye is awesome! A very good course
very intuitive course on linear algebra
Very good course.Very good instructors.
Best learning course for linear algebra
Nice exaples! Thank you for the course!
Amazing Teaching and syllabus scheduled
A great introduction to linear algebra!
One of the best Linear Algebra courses!
Super interesting and impressive course
nice course and very clear explanation
I think the last week is too difficul.
Well designed and application oriented
programming assignment could be better
thank you very much for your pure work
It's really a very interesting course.
Wonderful and challenging experience.
Great Course! Thanks to all teachers!
IT WAS A GREAT A GREAT COURSE OVERALL
Excellent refresher for core concepts
Amazing course to dive into ml and dl
Really good course. Nice instructors.
The course was concise but intuitive.
Great course to start ML preparation.
excellent course. Thanks to coursera
amazing ones again and no words more
Excellent course to learn the Basics
Great course with great instructors.
Good introduction about Page rank !
Worth the time and money. Loved it.
The quizzes are really challenging.
Excellent course. Kept me involved.
Awesome explanation of each topic!!
Excellent journey to review maths.
Great course!! Highly recommended!
Assignments are fun and practical.
Crisp and to the point, Liked it !
Excellent Presentation of material
Great Course!  Great Professors!..
Excellently presented, well-paced.
Really enjoyed it. Learned a lot.
Best Intuitive Maths course ever!
Awesome start to machine learning
Nicely Paced and Expertly taught.
An amazing course for a beginner.
well explained details on Algebra
Excellent course and instructors!
Amazing course! Thank you so much
Great teacher and teaching style!
great and patient teaching staff
ESTE CURSO.... SE PUEDE TRADUCIR
Very helpful videos and lectures
It is truly amazing and helpful.
Easy and comfortable class ever.
great course on Linear Algebra!
Great course for linear algebra
Good course.Easy to understand.
One of the best courses ever!!!
Clear and vividly!  Recommend!!
A great course in a good series
It was a stone groove, my man.
different learning experience.
Very professional and complete
Very useful, thanks very much!
just one word " Knowledgesome"
Great course and instructers.
Awesome Course, learned a ton
Very good video explanations.
Very Good and Useful  Course!
It's a great course made easy
Great Linear Algebra course!
What a wonderful experience
Honestly, its been amazing.
it was an excellent Course.
I really enjoyed the course
Good Explanation and Useful
I was a invaluable course.
Thanks for a great course!
Very good and fun course.
I found what was promised
Great practical Knowledge
Good course.  Enjoyed it.
Good course and teachers.
Great and useful content
Great Overall Experience
Great course, I loved it
Great job thank so much
IT'S BEST COURSE I HAVE
Very Good Math Lecture!
short and informative !
Good Course, Go for it.
best math course for ML
It's a perfect course!
one of the fine course
I've liked this course
High-quality teaching.
Very clearly explained
Very, very accessible.
Awesome Instructors!!
Awesome presentation.
Great quality course!
Good intuitive intro.
A well worthy course
Really Great course!
Brilliantlyexplained
its vary good course
Very nice opertunity
David Dye the best!
Interesting subject
nice of mathematics
It's really useful!
Great course!!!!!!
Great instruction.
Good refreshing!!!
It is very nice..
Unbelievably cool
Well Structured!
Simply Fantastic
Learnt alot..!!
Good Refresher.
Amazing class!
Very didactic!
Great Teacher!
Nice teachers
Thank You Sir
Really cool!
GOOD COURSES
Pretty nice!
Great intro
It is hard
NIce One
