Here's an advice for teacher Manuel Perrez Romero : if you don't speak english, don't teach in english ! It makes the lectures really painfull to follow.
Mixed opinions. The course is extremely useful and helpful for those who are just starting with architecture. It covers most of the basics and makes the students feel excited about the field. Sadly for me it was just that: the basics and nothing else. While I enjoyed key concepts of how to present a project I was hoping to learn a little bit more about structure, materials, at least some basics on general rules of thumb for designing floorplans or something that goes more deep. Some lessons felt VERY repetitive and redundant. However, the tasks were really fun to make and interesting to review. The instructions for each project were good explained and developed. Professors Nenad and David were easy to understand and delivered good classes. It is really hard to understand prof. Manuel... due to his low level of english and pronunciation it is extremely difficult to follow his lessons and most of the time I had to rewatch to understand what he was trying to convey. This is a problem for students who are not native english speakers and need to do an extra effort just to understand the class.Overall the course is a good as it delivers what it promisses but could be expanded to cover so much more topics.
This is a very interesting course. It does somehow make you fall in love with architectural studies, its details, and the wide answers and questions you might face. It does tell you become a different person as an architect.It is really appreciated if they also share the difficulties, and the negative situations you might face as an architect.
I don't really like that the teachers don't grade you, but it is a great course and I definitely recommend it... Everyone is so supportive and you learn a lot.
This course introduces the students into the architecture world by teaching fundamental design tips and briefly telling students how architects work in real life. Hence, it is suitable for people who have little or no prior knowledge of how the field of architecture works or how architecture students generate ideas and design. If you are already an architecture student or someone who is working in the field, I suggest you to find other courses that offer more in-depth knowledge of architecture as this is an absolute beginner's course.
This is a great course for those looking to pursue a career in Architecture. Although its scope will feel rather limited for those already decided.
The architectural explanations are too good but fluent speakers of English language should be adopted.
Boring and nothing new
Overall, I enjoyed doing something creative during this lockdown period (making models!). The lectures are generic concepts that are easily understandable but hard to execute. It pushes your creatively if you aren't working in this type of field. As the course name implies, you are making a piece of architecture. What I dislike is the introduction of the video, I wont judge if they have it for the first video of the week, but it takes 20 secs which combines to many minutes.
the course is good, but the evaluation of the assignment has some problems. if the peers do not evaluate seriously, you may fail
It was quite a lengthy one. It made me look at architecture from a different perspective as compared to before.
Good introduction for someone who has zero knowledge on architecture
This is a very good, hands-on introductory course in the mindset of architects and how to analyse and design structures and buildings. Although entry level, the course touches on many aspects of design and architecture and explains the design process and gives relevant examples by known architects and buildings and structures. The assignment is a hands-on exercise taking you into the design process and allows the student to understand design thinking and develop their own ideas. Three different lecturers  prove each their personal view and own experiences.
After completing this course, my point of view towards an architecture is totally changed. I learned a lot from this course and  i am very  confident to observe, to analys, to get inspired and to design the project or buildind by convergent and divergent thinking. Thanks a lot to all the professors and their team members to give us wonderful knowledge about the architecture.
Loved the way the whole course was presented and planned and the final project and assignments were so interesting and fun to make, I did not see it coming. It made me realize that it's very possible that I have the potential to study architecture later on. Overall, this course was enjoyable, entertaining and eye-opening, big thanks to the team who assembled it!
The course was great, with each video being short and crisp. My only issue was that the intro for the course videos was too long (27 seconds) taking into consideration of the length of the actual course material per video.
Really good quality materials to learn but I didn't like scoring system, only my peers were reviewing me, I thought that someone who knows architecture etc will be rating my tasks.
The contents of the course is very intriguing and the assignments are very helpful for me to apply what I have learned from the videos into practice.
It's was great experience learning here, I had dream of learning architecture, but any how I came to about many things in architecture. Thank you
The course is amazing and informative. I hope if there is a longer and deeper course covering all the aspects of Arcitecure study
This course was designed very well & help me a lot to improve my design sense. Thank you IE University for the opportunity.
good course for a beginner to get to know the different aspects present in architechure
THE COURSE WAS GOOD . ALL THREE PROFESSOR WAS AWESOME. I LEARN A LOT.
really very good course for beginners
it was really a useful  course
Great course 💙
can't wait to explore more about architecture! I'm applying architecture design as my undergraduate programme
This course gives a very good introduction to anyone who wants to pursue the course of Architecture or are planning to gain some inputs on how to actually make people-friendly designs.Also, since I am an architecture student, I found this course as a great reminder to the things and processes of designing anything, which I had forgotten over time (I learn some of these in the bygone years and felt stuck when I had to give a design-oriented solution). This actually freaked me out because I felt like I was stuck, confused, incapable of finding a better solution to some problems and was wondering whether this was good as my career option...Taking this course, I learnt new things like brain-storming for an active, curios mind exercise, etc. and remembered a lot of essential things that i had skipped in my daily work process. It gave me confidence to look at my problems in a new way and give a variety of solutions.
It was a combination of entertainment, developing various practical skills and getting new experiences. Bravo!
A really enjoyable course, which truly succeeds in introducing you to the world of architecture. I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to pursue architecture and wants to have a little peek behind the curtains. The course is very detailed and introduces you to all essential concepts of architecture starting from having the right mindset to creating actual site models.
This is an excellent course design for beginners but also for people who are already studying architecture and want to get more perspective. I enjoyed every single assignment of it. It gave me a lot of idea what real architecture is all about. The course is very well designed and executed. The teaching materials are clear and easy to follow. The teachers are very professional and excellently prepared for delivering the course.
Very interesting and fun course that gets you hands on from day 1 building a project, reviewing the work of your fellow participants and incorporating their feedback into your own design. Well thought out, professionally presented with great videos (and intro tune!) that convey main concepts with ease. I learned a few things and enjoyed myself in the process, so I would recommend it!
I lack for architecture so much and this course was a good opportunity for me hope more arch courses
It's a great course to learn design thinking process as an architect. I definitely recommend it especially for those who are new to the field of architecture.
A very good introduction to the design process of how architects think and design with practical, hands-on activities. Highly recommended.
Good introduction to the world of architecture! I highly recommend it to anyone who has interest in building and design.
Amazing course, if I could chose another university course I would follow architecture
Very inteeractive course with a lot of good tips and some good basic in design
Very progressive and concise courses and assignments. Great Course!
Doing a project like an architect... it was a good experience
This course was very mind opening
Helps you get a general idea about architecture, which is what I was looking for. You'll enjoy it even more if you can and want to put in effort and time in your model, it'll enhance the learning experience.
Even though it is a very short course, the skills, ideas and knowledge learnt is very useful. I can already think of different ways and new ways to approach my work, designs and daily life.
I learned a lot of concepts in the field of architecture and have done things I have never done.  I loved this short course it made me think a little more and appreciate architecture more
They are awesome! I learn a lot about architecture with this course and I think they are really great architects.I hope to meet they someday!
Where to begin!This course was beyond good and useful! I have learned so much! My perspective has been changed completely!Thank you so much for preparing this course for us!
Really enjoyed the videos; I felt I learnt a lot and I enjoyed the presentation. Many thanks.
Excelent Course for Everybody, dinamic, clear, the videos are worth seeing once and again.
It is amazing course, which gives you great knowledge meanwhile you doing your assigments.
a very good course, it helped me to evaluate my thinking in a creative way.
this course is very efficient  .I like it!
Very inspiring and interesting course
Very useful course for freshman
Very promising!
This is a good beginners course if you are interested to see if Architecture is something that you would like to explore more. It is a short course but it is one where you would make at least a model that would serve you well, if you are really committed to improve yourself.Besides this, the dynamics of this course is something that should be revised. First of all, my native language is Spanish and I'm not going to hate on a Spanish speaking person, but two of the professor of this course are non native English speakers. So this makes me wonder, because at some point was really difficult to keep paying attention on the videos, who and why took the decision of everything has to be in English. What is wrong with Spanish and then adding subtitles? This is something that really should be revised.And taking about subtitles, there were several errors during the videos where the subtitles were disconnected from what the person was saying. I'm talking for example of the professor naming the German architect Frei Otto and the subtitle was "Freyoto", like really you guys couldn't ask what he was trying to say?Overall this is a good experience, but also there is a steep price for this short course and this things should be 100% smooth.
I enjoyed this course very much.  I got somewhat side-tracked by looking up references to the various architects mentioned throughout thus learned interesting things about origins of brick work for example. The video presentations were well done with one exception - I quickly learned how to skip the 27 second musical introduction as it was a unnecessary use of my time. The four assignments were fun to complete. I am not fond of peer-graded assignments but as a semi-retired online university instructor I understand that given the low cost $64 for enrollment the cost for instructor graded assignments would be prohibitive. I wish there were more courses in Architecture other than those that focus on using computer software such as Autodesk Certified Professional: Revit for Architectural Design exam.  Which I will probably take as that is all I have been able to find in the course catalog. Thanks to the course presenters they did an excellent job!
I'm certainly not a professional architect, and not a person who intends to pursue being one, but I do love the study of the classification of objects,entities,things, forms, etc and their corresponding functions, methods, actions, events; almost system level. Without this class I never would have looked at how space is utilized by so many more factors than just those two major components of the world around me. Week 1 of this class was an incredible realization of so many more elements at play that I fell in love with the concepts and how they were presented that I felt obligated to at least pay for the class. The information is wonderful, thanks for making this available. -Will
All though I just audited the course to find out if there might be something in me that is attracted to architecture, it has open my eyes to what architecture is and it has open a space in my heart and mind on wanting to know more! I LOVED the course! I really did and I am sure looking forward to more courses like this one. A special thanks to the last testimony talking about his path to architecture because that's where I am right now and for helping me stop saying to my self that I might be a bit old to start on this pathway.
I enjoyed this course. It meshed well with my background in photography but challenged me to create something on my own as opposed to just capturing someone else's work. It felt like an intro course into creative thinking and design that was heavy on the creative and less focused on the historical side of things. It made me want to continue learning about architecture and made me interested in how structures are actually made once you get past the design phase.
This course is possibly one of the best there is here on Coursera. Even people with no background in architecture will learn from and enjoy this course. The videos are short but informative and interesting, the professors (all three of them) are good-looking and knowledgeable in the field. The assignments are tough, but with inspiration, passion, discipline and creativity, anyone can make it work. Thanks, IE School of Architecture and Design, and Coursera!
I really enjoyed this course. I found that is very much inspired me to continue my journey into architecture even though I am late the this. I am in my mid fifties so this will be more than challenging but worth doing. No matter what your age this course not only teaches you some basic concepts it also expands the way you think about buildings, people and nature and hoe they intersect in design and in life.
I am truly grateful for this course, and I have a more ample vision about architecture thanks to this course. Let me tell you that I really enjoyed taking this class, doing the projects, and reviewing other's peer projects. I want to thank the instructors for creating this content and their knowledge provided, you guys are amazing and it inspired me to really want to continue on this journey.
I really enjoyed this especially whilst during COVID19 lockdown!  Was well set up for a beginner and non-architect background person like myself.  Professors shared their great knowledge and gave relatable examples.  Thank you IE and Coursera, keep providing great courses like this!  Finished this course with a big sigh of relief and amazing sense of achievement!!  Lorelie of Sydney AUS
The time spent with this course was one of the most amazing in my life! In the video lectures and assignments of professors collected only the most important, valuable, what you need to pay attention to. It's like jewels. Tasks are formulated in an exciting and understandable, and most importantly, develop the skills you need! I am overwhelmed by this course and will miss it. THANK you!
I loved this course, especially the practical part of it where you got to build a model of your design. I learned some new skills from this course that I definitely think will help me in my future in architecture. What was also great is that, as a 15 year old, I didn't struggle with this course so I would definitely recommend it to teens too!
I have learnt a lot of core knowledge in and around architecture. I now understand key design principles and processes required in architecture, and have more of an understanding of the iterative processes and development of a design. This has helped me a lot, would recommend to anyone with an interest in architecture.
I really like the course, as over the time it adds different perspectives on how architecture works. It's quite simple, yet satisfying to acquire new skills. It comes handy when one wants to understand the space and place better in the context of community and possible activities. I definitely recommend this course!
Honestly this has been a very powerful course, even for some of the projects i was personally doing i gained cliental respect as they found me to be with direction...many thanks towards your patience humility and considerate attitude beloved professors for walking us this wonderful journey in MAKING ARCHITECTURE.
I take this opportunity to appreciate Coursera together with IE university for their interesting sponsorship program that has really helped me and many like me from Africa to take the first step in changing our countries and giving them a brighter future and the  change we would like to see. Thank you very much.
I really enjoyed this course! I think it's a great way to develop a beginner's mind to architecture's most basic principles, to excite and intrigue someone who is thinking of pursuing architecture as his/her career.  The videos were really informative and I loved doing the hands-on activities too. I loved it! :)
Thank you IE School of Architecture and Design for this wonderful opportunity! As an architecture student I found this course really helpful - it pushed and strengthen my creative and designing skills. I learned so much in just a couple of weeks! Really recommend.
I loved this course, as a student about to go into my first year of bachelors in architecture, this course taught me a lot of the basics and I feel much more prepared to go into my first year. The addition of the practical assignments is a good practise as well.
It was really an amazing experience  with IE school. I am a student of Civil Engineering with keen interest in architecture. This course is designed so nicely to have a good concept of architecture. Thanks to IE school especially Nenad Sir and Romero Sir.
I really enjoyed the online course. I thought it was well planned and layed out, easy for me to follow. The week assignment was just enough, so i could finish everything with enough time, learn about the topics and not feel over loaded and rushed.
This course gave me a great insight on the designer's mindset and the process of design in general. Everything is very well explained, having he video and transcript is very helpful, and the assignments are really interesting to do.
Loved the seeming simplicity of the course, and how in short time the professors managed to give a lot of extremely useful information. Thank you so much! Also I think the practical tasks are very well thought through.
amazing presentation and explanation.So much fun and interesting and easy to digest.Although architecture is quite difficult to be taught online, this course has been been incredibly informative, engaging and useful.
I learned a lot of things from the course.. the importance of thinking about design...  helpful as I am doing my architecture degree and need to make several models.. appreciate the course ... thank you so much ...
An amazing experience.. and its totally worth a shot, especially if you are an aspiring architect, or fond of architecture, or simply want to explore the world of architecture. I'd highly recommend it!
The content is really good for beginner architects, the instructors were amazing and supportive. Examples of project and their analysis is really interesting so perhaps more examples could be added
I learned so much from this course that I never knew when it comes to the basics of architecture. The projects were really insightful and fun to do and the whole course is very well made!
this architectural course had covered all the basic elements I was looking forward for, I had improved many of my skills through this course as well as I have enjoyed this course a lot.
As a future architecture student I felt the course gave me a glimpse of things I could spend during my time studying the career, but in a way it was easy to understand.
I really like this project which introduce to my briefly the work of an architect and helped to determine that this is a major I would like to go for in the future.
Want to express my thanks for your well organized education and knowledge. I got new vision and look to architecture. Wish you good luck and successful students!
An excellent course to get started into the Architecture world. The teachers explain everything super clear, great example material and interesting assignments!
Very well structured and clearly presented. The activities lead the learner through different ways of thinking, and step by step to design a small project.
Model making and space analysis are two basic things I have learnt and further learnt various principles rules and many more life hacks for an architect
I am so happy to do this  experience and so exited I wish to do more training  with this school and i wold to thank all Professors for their  efforts
Course was very nice I like it thanks for Coursera. Coursera is very good platform for Learning & Gaining. Thank you so much Coursera & all hole team
This course really helps develop the skills required for basic architecture and also explains things in a very understandable way .THANK YOU .
I really like it, all the content of the course is very dynamic and explanatory, i acquired básico knowledge of the course and I recommend it
It was very educational as well as fun too! I loved this course so much! Thank you for giving me the opportunity to take part to this course!
It was a best course that can help to understant architecture to people, who doesn't have any idea about architecture.  I liked this course.
I was teleported to Segovia for the videos! My desire was to start a new course there immediately. Thanks IE university for the opportunity!
I always wanted to be an architect and now I am Urban designer this course helped me a lot It was really fun and enjoyable course Thank you
I wish these courses never ended! What a pity that they ended:( I look forward to continuing and the next level with the same professors!
Simple and clear. I learned things that normally is ignored during designs. This course was really helpful. I only wish it was longer.
Great course for beginners or even for mature architects! It's refreshing to go back to the start and remind us how big is this field!
good experience . i really love how faculties explain whole things. assignments are fun. I have learned so much about architecture.
Great introduction in the architecture enviroment, now I feel more confortable and prepared to start my graduation this semester.
This course was very helpful because it gave me the direction that i needed. This course has increased my love for architecture
It builds up your skill and enables you to learn quite a bit about architecture and how to think decide and build like one.
Wonderful experience learning the making of architecture these 4 weeks. The teaching was great as well as other processes.
Its very interesting subject and also very useful, the trainers who were explaining the contents, concept is very good.
It's was very fun because architecture is about nature/environment, people/social and culture, economy, and technique.
Very good course. I learned a lot and feel like i can better study for the entry exam into architecture school now
I really enjoyed the course. Working on it was fun and interesting. Really a good introduction to arquitecture.
It is a very good course. I learned a lot about architecture here and was able to hone my creativity as well.
A really good course. Great instructors too. Lots of information to learn and fun creative tasks to complete.
It is a great course. It creates a clear idea of what is architecture. Very complete and nice. I loved it.
I love it! You don't really have to have a lot of knowledge, you will learn basic thinking in this lesson.
thank you very much for this course. it was great for me. I learn many things about architecture and enjoy
I'm very Happy which I had a chanse to be one of student in this course. Thanks for your perfect guide .
Bets course and lecturers. Thanking you a lot.I must say, "I didn't choose Architecture, It chose me"
Thank you , .I learned a lot from this course,This course is more important for every architect .
I am student in Civil Engineering. I think this course is very nice for start at architecture. :)
Course gives great understanding of architecture -  form+function. I really enjoy it! Worth it =)
Great course.I have learned so much about architecture and basic knowledge about design a space.
Wow! this is just amazing course I have finished, very helpful for a student of architecture.
Really interesting and engaging course. This is my first step towards architectural journey,
I loved this course! It is amazing and I am sure this is going to help me in the future.
thank you IE for teaching us to think fast and creative for makinng architecture design
Excellent course, which gives a good basic untroduction to the world of architectuure.
It was fantastic and really helped me to develop the correct mindset for a designer..
i like this course very much and i can obtain various amazing experience! thank you!
A great course to understand the basics of Architecture and design. Thanks very much
very nice and interesting course for basics of architecture. thanks to IE teachers.
Really exciting material and activities. Well lectured by the hosts. Great job!
I suggest this course to every single architecture student and even professors.
it was a good course and they start rom basics and it was realistic i loved it
Great, exciting course! You actually got to do things, and you learned a lot.
this course boost me to do more architectural activity more .nice experience.
A very inspiring and interesting course. Helps me to develop my creativity:)
I loved the
course because it complemented my previously acquired knowledge.
I learned a lot from this course. Totally helpful for aspiring Architects!
I love this course. I can understand the way of thinking in architecture.
Thank you very much for such an interesting, practical and useful course.
I learned a lot! Very helpful in fueling my passion for architecture :>
very informative cours. every  architectural students are need this.
Very well curated  course. An absolute basic for every architect.
exceptional fun. short and sweet. backbreaking models though!!!!
this course helped me to think about my profession in a new way
please can you also introduce bachelors of architecture online.
Its a great course makes you think in every details everywhere
Thanks I like the course  The assignment is very interesting
Good introduction giving a perspective towards architecture.
Really interesting, value-added course for beginners level.
Very interesting, easy to understand, project based course
I really enjoyed the course and the assignments. Thank you
Good one, it makes me learn something in a crisis moment.
It was an awesome experience learning in this course.
it was really helpful for me and I enjoyed it a lot!
Best course ever seen. Very precise and up to mark
Best course I have ever taken. It taught me a lot.
It was a great journey! Thanks a lot for your job!
I am very happy with my achievement, thank you
this course was better than my studio class.
it is really interesting and helpful course
Thank you teacher for this wonderful course
learned a lot ! great experience it was :)
One of the most fascinating courses ever!
IT WAS AWESOME EXPERIENCE I AM SO HAPPY .
It's really a greaat course ... I like it
very helpful course i enjoyed every week
I really really enjoyed, so many thanks
really it was so interesting and useful
it's very amazing class and experience.
Thanks for all the design challenges!
Great, very practical and intuitive
nice course provides good knowledge
good course were we can learn a lot
Good introduction to architecture
I love this course .Thanks alot
Outstanding course, thank you!
its improve my design thinking
Excellent learning opportunity
Really thanks for this course
i have learnt  manny things
Good lecturers and lecture.
It's a reaaly good course.
Brilliant. Learned a lot!
it's really really great
really great experience
very good design course
It was really amazing!
Course is very useful.
Thanks from my heart
thank you for this
It helps a lot.
Great workshop!
awsome course.
It is so good
sUper Cooooll
