This course has great videos. I give it such a low rating to get your attention and point out some serious problems. This is a certification course in how to teach English as a second language. What was not apparent to me though is that you have to take 2 parts of the specialization before getting certified and it will take over a year! Also, there is close to no teacher participation in the module I took and there are no mentors or student teachers (that might change in future classes I would hope, but no guarantees) and there was close to zero feedback of my work or even in the discussion area and no authoritative feedback. Even the peer reviews require your classmates ONLY to judge you based on whether you actually tried to answer the question, if it was between one and three paragraphs and one other silly thing that I can't even remember now. No one is required to give actual feedback and a lot of the assignments were written by students in horrendous English, but that is not to be considered. With so many people taking this course for whom English is not a first language, even these very simple instructions were often misunderstood and people had problems with getting credit for their assignments. Also, even though the videos are really well-done, they are short and contain little information for the price. I figured that I was paying about $50 an hour for the lectures at regular speed. There are also little to no resource links etc. for further study so the lectures are pretty much the only thing you get. If you are a native English speaker who doesn't mind spending an entire year and the cost for well-done videos on the subject is not important, then this course if for you. If however you think this is going to cost only $200 and you would have interaction with teachers and you would get a certification in about half a year... I want to make sure you realize, that is NOT what this specialization is! If you are NOT a native English speaker, this course is designed well I think for people who do not speak English as a native language, who might even have a low level of English, yet who are teaching English already in foreign countries and would have difficulty acquiring certification any other way and therefore don't mind taking a full year to complete the course or the price and for whom not having someone give them feedback would be considered an asset. I have recommended it to friends who are not native speakers of English, but as a native speaker I found it slow, expensive and the assignments to be actually annoying. It's perfect though for my foreigner friends... as long as they understand it's real length and cost! THE CERTIFICATION WILL TAKE OVER A YEAR AND COST AROUND $400.
I would not refer anyone to this course.  Although the content is well done, the tech piece of the course is sooooooo frustrating.  At one point during the course I kept rating and rating my peersʻ assignments and the system would not accept it.  I later found out there was some kind of tech issue.  There was NO communication from Coursera whatsoever regarding this--no email, nothing to me or the class as a whole.  So, we just had to keep checking and submitting ratings to see if it would finally be accepted.  I find this bizarre, to say the least.  Now, I am in the third course and the SAME thing is happening!  I work full time, have a second job, go to school, raise two boys as a single parent and time is of the essence for me!  I do not have time to waste!  I keep wasting my time with tech issues.  That is so disturbing.  Somehow or another we should be kept abreast of tech platform problems.  This is crazy.
Content is too basic, seems unresearched. Instructor is distracting in manner in which he presents information - overemphasizes acting over content.
low-level content for people with no teaching background
I agree that my feedback
Pretty basic stuff.
Way too basic for the price. I knew by instinct basically everything they taught here. I'm giving them 2 stars because some of the reading excerpts were interesting ways to say what I already knew. I completed the whole thing in one week and then had to wait for others to submit their work so I could finally get my certificate. Don't waste your time, just find a good ESL book, it'll cost less and teach you more. PS: I passed about half of the quizzes without finishing the readings. That's how ridiculously easy this was. I barely learned anything.
The instructors are annoying and long winded about extremely simple concepts. The course is very easy. I completed within 4 or 5 hrs. I was able to jump straight to the quizzes without watching the videos.
There was some interesting information in here, and I found a few things useful.  That said, you have to sift through a lot of gimmicks to get to the parts of the lessons that actually matter.
Worse taught
I'm only rating this course 3 stars because it's just too easy. The information is good (what there is of it) and is presented well. It's just that the amount of effort needed to pass is minimal. For example, the fifth week had fewer assignments than the previous weeks, and the six week was only a quick review. The problem I have with these courses being so easy is that online courses already suffer from the widespread view that they're not as valuable as a "real" in-person course. So, when yet another one of these online courses is incredibly easy to pass, it only adds fuel to those people's arguments and reduces the overall value of the certificate of completion. I want my certificate to mean something. Please stop watering down these courses! Ditch the pay you pass mentality. Include more material to read. Make the tests longer and more difficult. Because, as they are, they don't even compare in difficulty to the junior college courses, much less the university courses, I've taken in the past.
Content is high quality and the professors are engaging. Videos need more visuals than just someone speaking at you 90% of the time though. The quizzes are decent in that I had to actually go back and look at the material a few times to remember the answer, so they're not too easy. But the  writing assignments are kind of a joke in that as long as you write a few sentences of anything remotely related to the content you will get a passing grade. It's good practice to read other people's assignments to see what you might be dealing with in a real English class, but you're not required to actually grade it either. I suppose if you do a video you get to practice speaking to an audience. I plan on doing the full certificate so I hope the next assignments are more worthwhile. For the price of $50 a month it's a good deal. I was able to complete this first part in 2 days, but I suppose if you're working full time or have a family it could take you a lot longer.
There was interesting information in the class, but the peer review questions were not well developed to stimulate thought and new ideas. Many of the answers I read were just repetitions of what was learned in class. I think the objectives and expectations could have been more clearly communicated and the statement themselves better thought out. I also did not find the peer review process to be that productive as a grading tool. The parameters for grading were extremely simple and the feed back was quite subjective from students that did not understand the assignments. While I learned some useful information, I won't continue with this course.
This class is very easy. It is a decent introduction, but has very little content. It is clearly made to be accessible to people from all around the world, and takes the content very slowly. The test questions ask you to recite information from the video lectures and reading, rather than thinking critically. It seems like they are just trying to make sure you watched/read the content and understood it, rather than making sure you acquired the knowledge. I guess it would be hard to grade essay questions in a class this big, but the content could go a little faster.
This class felt a bit elementary . . . but it had some good material as well. I would appreciate a bit less overacting and goofiness (which actually praised in the course) and have a bit more academic material. In one of the videos, the professor suggested that teaching should be slightly above the student's level but not too high. This course seemed to be a bit lower than my level (but I have taken education courses in the past).
Although the information provided by the course is good, I do find it a bit difficult to listen to the videos. In truth, I typically read through the transcripts instead of watching them. I understand the the professor is attempting to provide an interesting and engaging experience, but I end up feeling as though I'm being talked to like I'm a child.
Over animated professor makes it a little difficult to take things seriously. Also the caliber of content leaves much to be desired. The homework was in no way challenging and though is was intended to be thought provoking I just found is demeaning. Why are college professors acting like tv hosts? No clue.
I would give it 5 stars but , staff really needs to start reviewing assignments because there are a couple of bad apples copying the work of  other students.  We work hard and should not have our work plagiarized, but since it is peer review and not teacher graded, they get away with it.
It is really a start in the field. If you already have teaching experience you will get much more from the conversations in the forums than from the lectures. And if you have very little teaching experience or are interested in the field, it will give you a clear overview.
There are issues with submitting assignments (failure to process submission in Coursera).Peer reviews may not be the best solution, as we have to wait a long time for our work to be reviewed!
The content is great, but the course lacks support from the staff. It is also too easy to pass. I hope the reason for this is because the course was introductory.
The course presents valuable information, but I think the real content is too little compared to the length of the videos.
I thought the course was good although some of the material a bit basic but it definitely will help with my teaching.
I would make it a 5 but this course will not list on my "completed courses" and that  annoys me.
Pretty basic stuff but you have to take it to advance to presumably more interesting material
We need extra materials
Fast paced
Lots of good information. I like the instructors' enthusiasm and expertise. However, not so happy about being assessed by my peers--first, I am not getting much feedback, although I am spending considerable time assessing others. Second, I would rather have one of the instructors, or at least someone who has the certification--perhaps a grad student or something--looking at my work. Although I am learning a lot, I feel like I'm one of many being churned out. Not sure how great the overall quality of all the "graduates" will be. I am very self-motivated, but what about others? How to be sure they aren't just going through the motions?
A great start for anyone dreaming about becoming a certified English teacher. Basic principles laconically explained in high-quality videos by a very charismatic professional. Interesting and enlightening concepts helping to look at teaching from a different angle and enrich your own process of doing the job. Unfortunately, there are disadvantages to this too. For anybody whose English is C1 and higher this course will be a little undemanding. Weeks in the course consist of only several short videos and text lectures. But, as I have put it, this course is for beginners and, mostly, for foreigners whose goal is to teach English abroad and get a certificate as fast as possible. Another thing, probably the most crucial for me is lack of feedback from professional teachers regarding evaluation of essays. Your work is evaluated by your peers the majority of which are, firstly, not so well versed in English, making myriads of mistakes along the way without a second thought to correcting them, and, secondly, do not really care about the amount of work you put into your essays. It was quite common to see dry, simplistic "Good." comments without any proper critique. This, of course, does not encompass each and everybody enrolled to this course and has nothing to do with the very course itself, but this is the picture I dealt with most of the time having my essays reviewed. Anyways, the course is worthwhile and will definitely help you.
I have just finished the first course of this specialization. I don't expect it all to be as easy as this was for me. I'd say the coolest thing, the way I see it is that, throughout the whole course, they never talked about grammar or rules, rather about how we learn best; how students are affected by teachers; pitfalls of teacher burnout, how to's a few, and how not to, yes, but they mostly stayed toward the positive. Sure, there were some things which might be a little exclusively for language teaching, but I'd say, more, really, the things they explained were about teaching and learning in general. Anyway, I can get that grammar stuff out of books , on the net, or even on the Youtube. It's what makes me a good or a better or a worse or a useless teacher I want to learn. And up until NOW, it's exactly THAT they've been helping me with. One real waker-upper was when they suggested that neither the world, nor the classroom is ever (and never going to be) perfect. THAT was a load off my mind, and one of the most encouraging teacher helps I've EVER had: like, "Don't look at what you don't have, but what you DO have is what makes you a "professional"! (even if the lights go out!) Many Thanks!              ---Rey Hudson
This was a fun and exciting course. As a practicing teacher it was a great refresher for me and could make the connections necessary to help me along. The pace was not bad, The content was presented in a way that most people would enjoy. Dr. Dixon was a great model, he practiced what he spoke of. the metaphors were refreshing  and gave me new insight  to how I should view learning on a whole. Mrs./Ms. Haraway assisted by  emphasizing the points discussed in the preceding videos were grasped. tyOn the other hand I wish that more time was spent on the theorists that would help learners who were not teachers understand better and make the connections between the cognitive processes and the acquisition of language or any content for that matter. I would also have appreciated small group interactions as some others courses do as group assignments and i wish that there was direct feedback from the tutors . I think that it would help authenticate the course even more.I am grateful for the opportunity afforded to me .
I would highly recommend this course to anyone who has little experience or really needs to learn classroom strategies for teaching language, or even teaching in general. I'm not giving it 5 stars because even though I can't say I didn't learn anything from it (I did), 39.99 per course for a few courses (is it 3, 4 total?) is a little much for me. I was seeking something for my professional development, I don't regret it. The teacher in this is very clear and charismatic, the information is easy to understand and never boring, and the strategies and theory, which is only discussed lightly (with additional resources) is extremely useful. I understand why it's a paid course, but it's pricey for my teacher salary.
Although much of the content seems common sense it is probably necessary to build a common foundation here for later courses. The peer assessments are potentially interesting but, in practice, the majority are so trivial--3 or 4 sentences repeating back material from the lectures--as to be hardly worth reading. Since there is no real qualitative assessment in the peer grading, the work put in by a minority is not acknowledged nor the shortcomings of many highlighted.The instructor is unbelievably upbeat and animated which some will love and others. . .  not. I tend to be in the latter camp but recognise this may be due to cultural differences or simply that I'm a boring old sod!
I think it's a really good opportunity to be able to obtain a TESOL certificate online and this course seems to be able to do it very efficiently. However, I have found the approach of the style of the lessons a little bit slow and too dramatic- and somewhat even childish. I'm sure the planning of this certificate program is to ensure that people who take it will remember it so that they can really make use of it in their profession- so they probably avoided long and boring lectures. But still, I must admit that the lessons look a little bit annoying sometimes :) Still, thank you for the opportunity.
This course was and still is a great start for individuals who want to start their teaching carriers. It contains amazing videos, readings and assignments. The missing 'STAR" was for the peer graded assignments. Even though my assignments were graded in a short time by my friends and peers, others really had to wait a bit longer. But their assignments were graded finally. To sum up, I recommend you to enroll in this course as well as to the other five courses by AZU.
The course is good enough--a means to an end. The 4-part, six weeks apart format is kind of bothersome because the wait period sort of dampens the momentum and enthusiasm created during the first course (especially if you complete the whole thing in a week-end).  The course is well put together and infused with a little humor. The visuals are good and if you're in the right mood, the course is enjoyable and ifun to interact with folks from around the world.
This is a fun, informative and helpful class for anyone wanting to become an effective language teacher. It's a nice mix of best practices and proven techniques that really work. I'm more confident and encouraged by this constructive approach toward teaching teachers how to most effectively help and motivate adult students to learn a new language. The ASU presenters and content team are very knowledgeable and passionate about teaching.
For a neophyte to online learning, I feel lucky to undergo a course where the instructor/ course presenter made the lessons easy to understand, the lectures were presented as if the instructor and the learner are in the same room and not just the presenter talking to the camera.  It became easy for me to finish up the segment of the specialization and was driven to push through with the entire course because of it. Kudos to you all!
Excellent teaching but not as amazingly easy to access as the linguistics course or the Mandarin courses I took, probably because of the demand.  I had to complain several times because I was sometimes directed to a module I had already completed.  I was charged twice in September, once on the 2nd and again on the 10th.  I supposedly began for free, so I think my first charge should have been on the 10th.
The course is very inspiring and educational. I do appreciate that coursera and ASU can put this course on site. It synthesizes education theories and actual teaching experiences. However, I do think this course would improve a lot if teaching practices could be incorporated because for teaching professionals the teaching itself is the most important thing.
well organized, user friendly, brief but informative, based on videos (nevertheless, a transcription is always provided), if you are fond of metaphors you will definitely enjoy it. you have a choice to prepare a video clip (if you prefer the spoken language) or an essay (if you prefer the written language) for each assignment
This is the first time I am taking any course online and I enjoyed this course.  I felt that it was a good introduction to how to establish the steps for a good foundation for ESL teachers. I am now taking the second course to further my progress toward my certification through ASU.  Thank you for this opportunity!
The content is clear and the instructors are engaging. However, I was expecting the course to focus more onto how to teach English like how to teach grammars etc. Nonetheless, I learnt a great deal. It helped me to revise some of the things I had learnt in teaching college. I enjoyed the course thoroughly.
The content of the course is really good, it has been really clear, well structured and made with the best information. I grade it with 4 starts because I think the peer reviewed assigntments needs some development and of course everything can be improved. anyway, this is a great course and I recomend it.
I have been teaching for a while, and I am familiar with most of the information presented in this course. Nevertheless, I took it because I would like to complete the entire set to receive the TESOL certificate. It might be useful for those considering to become teachers in the near future.
Overall, I am satisfied with the course. Although I find the Quiz a bit unchallenging. I hope they don't just recycle questions at the end of the module but really ask deeper or more complex questions so that fellow students will really think more and analyze how to answer these questions.
Although it is an introductory course I would have preferred to have a hard course in this first part. However it is an excellent course and it sheds light on many topics in the teaching area. I strongly recommend it to everybody interested in learning more about English teaching.
The course portrays the general overview of being an English teacher, the main reflections on classroom language instruction and mainly focusing on the students language acquisition, opening our eyes to understand the opportunities us teachers have every single class we teach at.
I know that it would be near impossible to do this on a website like Coursera where thousands of people are probably enrolled in your course, but it would be great if there was some real evaluation (teachers or experienced alums to comment on the quality) of our essays/responses.
Thank you to the team for insightful learning - and for being such good teachers!You helped me deal with myths about teaching and specifically language teaching and inspires me to keep going. Your work is structured, well researched and yo are fund to watch Dr Dixon!Well done.
A nice introductory course. For people that already have some Teaching or Language Acquisition under their belt, there may be some feeling of review. However, there is also valuable information and fresh angles on how to look at some aspects of language learning and teaching.
I learned some great techniques in this course, one in particular is to the 80/20 rule.  Language teachers should allow learners to talk more, and teachers talk less!  My only drawback is that I could not see my own responses to Essential Questions or feedback from my peers.
Great! If this was the first I'm excited to start the others. The content is very instructive, a lot of concepts and useful tools. They should add more content per week, because is too little material to study per week. Thus, sometimes it seens to be boring. But it's ok.
I liked the course and I found it useful . I will recommend it to my friends. However , some of the instructions are not clear. I understood that I have time to catch up till Dec 21st. But now, My assignment and editing are not accepted and I want to know what I can do.
This course presented the material in a very clear and understandable manner. The instructors used a lot of great metaphors and examples to engage learners and clarify the content. Anyone could take this course whether you have teaching experience or not.
I enjoyed the course and the way the content was distributed. I did however think some of the MCQs in the quizzes were slightly vague in what they demanded. They were too subjective to be part of a quiz. Other than that, I enjoyed it and learnt a lot.
I really liked the course, as it was intuitive, well set-up and good to handle in an every-day-setting. And although I understand that the videos are meant to inspire the students (teachers), sometimes the childlike approach gets a little bit to much.
This course is such a great example of micro learning. I could learn new things in very simple ways. The content is great, the website is very supportive. I totally recommend this course to anyone who wants to teach.
Hi dears , It was good and informative; I learned a lot from the course.
But I think it would be much better if we had had the review of the lecturers on our assignment at least one time during the course.Thanks
In the first week the course gave a bonus video called Teacher Talk. This could be gave for each week, a great lecture based on theories and techniques taught during the course, recorded from real world classes.
Good course and well presented. Mostly fairly common sense and straight forward. Very easy to pass. Could be a little more challenging perhaps but overall a good basic foundational course. Thanks very much.
Really fun and easy.  The course was cleverly presented and I appreciated the emphasis on some of the notables in the field.  It wasn't very challenging or it would have been five stars.  Nice.
It was incredible how many things I've learned and improved with this course. From the way I teach English to how to relate to my colleagues, it's undeniable I've learned a lot. Thank you!
The course itself is informative and helpful and I liked the quizzes, the peer graded assignments seem erroneous and it takes a long time for your submissions to be graded by anyone.
Some quizzes have glitches and even though i've selected the correct answer, it showed that I was wrong until I have to retake it twice to only use the same answer and get it right.
Love the layout and that I can work at my own pace! I do not like that I have to wait on other people to grade my writing responses though. Other than that I have learned a lot!
thanks for every thing , the most thing i loved in this course is to not being an actor , and i hope you to find a more better way to activate students and teacher communication
It was really a great experience for me, so much helpful information and tools that can help new teachers. Thanks to all the Doctors and the staff for making this course.
I really enjoy the content of this course and the layout. The course is easy to follow and the layout makes it easy to stay on track. The course is fun and intriguing!
I found this course very good for new teachers, but a little repetitive for experience teachers. Still, a great course implemented with knowledge and enthusiasm.
It gives a great introduction to language teaching! The only thing I think could make it better is to add more challenging questions to the weekly quizzes.
It would have been a five star review if all the assignments weren't the same :( It gets boring doing the same thing over and over and over again!
The same reason with course 2 . This course is perfect . I would recommend this one to my friends if any one needs it . But not  friend around me
This was a good class. The peers gave good feedback. It was a basic class that could be taken by someone who did not have classroom experience.
I found Course 1 of the 4 courses to be of great benefit, not only to teaching English - but to teaching, supporting, and learning in general.
I loved the course. I think it gives very applicable advice to those of us who want to teach English as a second language.Thank you Coursera.
hi its ayesha all i can say is every teacher should regardless of subject and field as language is a meager part of any learning experience
It's awesome even though I taught English for 6 years. I do recommend ASU to make it also suitable for children not only adults oriented.
It was a nice experience for me.I learned a lot and will surely apply the techniques in my teaching.Bundle of thanks to the Instructors.
Great teachers, fantastic techniques and information. My only complain is that the certificate doesn't comes with the number of hours.
Most of videos are great but I think instructors can provide more details for each one, because most of ideas are general and normal.
I found this course amazing for biginner teachers. It helps with basic understanding of what is important for a great teacher to do.
Well, it's an amazing and useful course .. What i'm trying to say is that, when it comes to teaching ,This course is the best one.
The discussions in the last three week were shallow. However, I liked the first three weeks. I really appreciate your work. Thanks
Good teaching pace for busy learners and excellent use of metaphors to convey the courses' most important theoretical concepts.
From this course We can know some detail about teach English,and this foundational principles  will apply in our work.
Solid foundational course in the world of L2 instruction.  I enjoyed this class and look forward to future coursework.
Enjoyed the entire course and videos.  Very informative and entertaining.  I love the passion of all the presenters.
This course is really good for the ones, who, like me, want to learn more about teaching English for basic learners.
It really helped me to understand the principles of teaching a language even thought I have not a teaching career.
Course was good but I thought more could of been added to the content to make more understandable. For ex. videos
The course is simply awesome. The content is perfectly suitable for the foundation of this course actual vision.
It was a very useful course. The ideas were simplified by giving simple examples which are not easily forgotten!
A great program, easy to follow and interesting. A great program for those interested in teaching as a career.
This course is very useful and important to anyone who cares about teaching the language.Thanks Shane Dixon.
The course was really amazing and has taught me a lot of things regarding teaching and learning as a whole.
I recommend this informative and interesting course, I have been learning more than I had thought I would.
The previous Coursera forum format was far more useful than the current, new, format used in this course.
Great content!Love the dynamic of every lesson.Really happy and thankfull for all the  knowledge shared.
I totally enjoyed taking this course and unreservedly recommend to every English teacher, old and new.
I get a lot of teaching technic, teacher behaviour, helping student with different ways. Great course.
Almost lost me on the first week but so glad I stayed because this course contains some real gems.
The only thing is I would have liked to have the chance to give more detailed peer reviews.
This course has been quite impactful and is highly recommended for all language teachers.
It was a great learning experience! I'm looking forward to finishing rest of the modules.
I really enjoyed the class.  The videos were interesting, entertaining, and educational.
Good course. I would have preferred some more depth on the topics covered for 5 stars.
Well presented and useful information. I look forward to the next module in the series
Little confusing and unclear with peer evaluations communication method/channel here.
Take this course if you are a teacher. Don't care about your main teaching subject.
I really enjoyed this course. The videos are really informative, yet entertaining.
On overall its a very good course, but assignment submission was a bit confusing !
Thanks so much, I really got a great benefit that will help me while teaching :)
Good basic course for anyone interested in starting to study language teaching
It was a good introduction to the world of teaching any language! Thank you
it was great , instructors were amazing and very helpfulThanks a lot guys
The course is very interesting, however there were some technical issues.
A little bit slow but with lots of good examples to makeeverything clear
The course is good; Little be over in acting, but I can understand why!
Very fundational. No specific classroom ideas, but the important conce
Good Course. Would have been nice to have some more interactive bits.
It's a good course that teach me the basic foundation about teaching
These are valuable experience transferred nicely by great educators.
I liked a lot, thank you very much for share your knowledge with us.
Above all, I love the teacher!! So I could focus on learning more!!
I think that assessments are too easy and don't urge you to think.
the course was so helpful but i wised if it were more higher level
the teaching techniques are superb and schedule is accomodative
I like watching these training videos, I leaned a lot from it
I really enjoyed it! I hope i can continue the other courses
It was a great experience!!! I recommend it, i learned a lot
Really great course for beginning and experienced teachers.
this class is very helpful and enjoyable to participate in
Very Detailed Course and quite interesting and informative
I enjoyed and feel that learnt a lot with this course.
I Love this course, and I need more reviewing from you
easy for new learners, but practical and meaningful!
Learned a lot about teaching one of the best course
Very interesting and useful course.Thanks a lot !
Energetic teacher and well organized schedule
It was more of theoretical than practical.
A thoroughly enjoyable and useful course.
A little too basic in my point of view.
Very interesting and fun to learn!
amazing .. easy .. learn you much
it was a wonderful experience.
I just started and I loved it!
I liked this course very much
really appreciate your work
It was a bit corny at times
best course not boring
thanks...good course
it's very nice
It's marvelous
The friendly way that the course was delivered and the many forms of feedback and assessment throughout the course was just very eye opening in a wonderful way. Thank you!
Teach English Now! Foundation Principles was a great course! There was a lot of interaction with other peers studying the course and the exceptional quality of this online course. The teacher's were very engaging and really made the course very fun and exciting! The coursework wasn't very demanding but the content and delivery of the course was some of the best! Thank you to the whole team for making this online course a joy to participate in!
Great course! Nice content and great presentation of the material. Useful not only for ESL teachers, but for all language teachers and even for teachers in general. Thank you for creating this course!
The material is very easy to understand, useful, and motivating. I loved the videos, and the suggested reading material you provided.
My name is Abdel Aziz Bakari.I really appreciated this course.It's helpful for teaching English.It help you obtained techniques in Teaching.I thank the teaching staff for their time and effort.They are really professionals.Best regards,Abdel Aziz Bakari
Great and meaningful content pleasantly delivered by the teachers. I've learnt so much from this course, not only as a prospective English tutor, but also as a Russian and German language learner.
Thank you so much for this opportunity to learn. I come from a precarious environment of social disorders, and I now have the means to an end. It looks it will be a very good journey... thank you!
Great course and content, got the foundation and basics as promised, I actually even though I have experience teaching I did learn a couple of things in this one.
A highly informative, applicable& easy to follow course by absolutely knowledgeable professors. The thorough, well-organized& engaging course content reflects the the professionalism & the extensive knowledge of the professors in this field. Really looking forward to enrolling in other courses by the same professors & Arizona State University . Thank you so much for giving me the opportunity to learn from you.
A great course! It is a well planned and goes light taking into consideration that the learners work as teachers.  I have become a great fan of Dr. Dixon and hope to learn more in the modules to come.
This is a very useful course as I begin my studies to prepare to teach English abroad.  ASU is a recognized university and the price is very reasonable.  I look forward to the next course in the series.
Simply amazing. Loved every single minute of it. I feel myself a much better teacher, I’ve learnt how to see resources to give a better class as well as offer my students better practices of learning.
I think this course gives a good basic overview of the skills needed to Teach English as a Second Language. It's simple to understand and I like that the assignments allow room for interpretation.
Very interesting and thought-provoking.
Well designed and beautifully taught.
I enjoyed all the videos by Dr Shane Dixon.  He is a very good actor indeed and his explanations are so lively.  I learnt different teaching concepts and am looking forward to apply them in my lessons.
I don't know how to express gratitude the way I'm feeling right now. This course has done a great deal in tapping up my Intrinsic Motivation, I mean I wasn't aware that English Teaching is such an exciting and happening domain. Being an English Literature student, we're encouraged or rather trained more to acquire "good content", so I was rather always dreaded subconsciously how I'd take up teaching English as my profession as I'm lacking required skills. But, with completing the course, I realize how effectively we can master the teaching art by following few simple techniques.Dr. Shane Dixon, special thanks to you for such an invigorating presentation of the modules.Thanks to Dr. Justin Shewell, Andrea Murau Haraway, and Emilia Gracia as well for this awesome course.
This course was exciting, insightful, and extremely helpful. The instructor broke down the material using metaphors to help learn the proper techniques for teaching second language learners. After taking this course, I feel more confident about my techniques to deliver content and practice to my students.
The video format is excellent: I could listen and follow along in text. The course material was engaging, and elicited a wide range of responses from me. I found, however, that the material was at times too simplistically presented. The complex and nuanced issues of teaching language could have been emphasized more fully. I very much enjoyed thinking about the issues the lessons raised, and very much enjoyed writing about those issues. I will say that the assignment guidelines were rather broad. For instance, writing one to four paragraphs strikes me as not being a meaningful bar to reach. Some peers wrote very little, despite the richness of the essential question. I was interested to see non-native English speakers in the group of peers. For some, understandably, this meant their writing needed more attention. Yet, I was interested to hear about their educational context--Erbil, Iraq, for instance! If the guidelines were more robust than they are, it might be that class participants would respond to essential questions in truly perspective-opening ways for the rest of us. It might be, for instance, that we could see the social dynamics of learning in play, and how at least one person might respond to those educational conditions. I would have welcomed that!
Very interesting class.  I've taught for decades and learned principles I've never heard before. I enjoyed the professors enthusiasm and straightforwardness.  Very key skills learned including the 80/20 rule, being myself, how to avoid burnout, how to make the meaning of words clear. I'm looking forward to digging in to the next course!
Fantastic course. We learn a lot without feeling overwhelmed in any way because the course has been structured beautifully to convey information in a clear and concise manner. Highly recommend!
The course is really helping me with strategies I can use in a diverse community. It is helping me understand my students better and encouraging me to take risks.
very helpful and well explained
I highly recommend this course for those who wish to learn and teach English as a Second Language.  I am so grateful for the opportunity to be in this program where I have learned a great deal right from the very beginning of this course up to the last discussion of the topic... that I couldn't help but finished the course earlier than the usual scheduled date... and that I have to rate this course  TEN (from 1-10 where ten is the highest).  It was such a nice experience to learn something new, or even if some aspects I learned it before but I have gained a tremendous, in-depth knowledge and solid foundation about this course:  like the use of metaphors, the Grasser's theory of intrinsic motivation, the Vygostky's scaffolding, Body Language and the teachers talk, the i+1 learning, the 80/20 rule, the diffuse mode and focused mode of learning and more!.  And one thing that I really enjoyed more was the assumptions or the essential questions in the assignment which involved critical thinking.  Thank you so much for this course, and to all the staff who created this language learning website, to the staff behind the scene and especially to Dr. Shane Dixon thank you for generously sharing your knowledge and expertise on this field.  I salute you! Very impressive!!! Thank you!
Teachers should be aware of the basic language learning the understanding of basic techniques on how to make the meaning clear, how to help motivate students by improving teacher's talk, scaffolding and body talk. I like the use of metaphors all over the modules. New theories of learning like Vygotsky and Krashen of leaning zones and Glasser of intrinsic motivation. Teachers talk strategies of focusing on meaning using signpost expressions I learned a lot about acquisition versus learning and the two different modes of the focused and diffuse mode. I learned how to create and change the environment of learning. It was a good idea to talk about language as a stage with a relation of self-awareness and the affective filter . Good language learners of predicting using selective attention prepare, look ridiculous, practice, ask the question, take notes. learners need not just to learn, but how to learn. We faced the problem of time learning at schools. The importance of the role of teachers to empower students to go outside to the global community supported by successful teachers.The best expression for me when teachers represent the candle to enlight the learner's way.
I truly enjoyed this course.  I learned a lot and it helped me understand the importance of techniques, student input, establishing a positive relationship,, and the importance of forming an autonomous learner.  I liked the way the material was organized, it helped me understand better how language theories have evolved and how it's important to keep up with language theories and practices.  The role of technology in language learning finally made a lot of sense!  It really is a wonderful tool for both teacher and student.  I hope to learn more about the resources offered by on line language publishers and educators. I would like to know more about using technology to enhance my teaching and how I can apply these tools to my daily teaching and planning.  This course is really a gem.  It's inspiring and very applicable to learning how to perform at your best as a language teacher.  I look forward to the next course. Thank you all.  Cristina Stern
Wow, I learned so much in this course. I was able to apply what I was learning every week to my teaching, and I am telling you every week I was seeing instant positive results in my classes by applying what I learned in this course. Freaking amazing, I was drowning so to speak up until I found this course because I was teaching but I didn't really know how to teach, but when you're abroad, the opportunity to teach is so available, people will hire you without much experience at all, but I found myself wanting to give more to my students than just a warm body in the room. I wanted to make it fun and interesting for them, and I wanted them to actually learn stuff too. I didn't quite know how to go about it, I didn't know which techniques were good and/or bad. This course, in a nutshell, taught me all of that and more. Great stuff, best money spent this year. So worth the money, seeing how much I got back from it immediately.
This course is AMAZING!!! Dr. (but I think of him as Professor) Shane Dixon completely changed my perception of online courses - which I (given a couple previous experiences) assumed to be universally boring and impersonal. He makes each lesson exciting, engaging, easy to learn, relevant - and  very much memorable. He uses video, images, storytelling, body language, all sorts of aids to get his points across and to make ideas stick in your mind. Frankly, he makes classes FUN, instead of a chore. Shane quickly becomes your favorite teacher, one that you would love to grab lunch with and have long discussions. My goal in taking this class is to eventually become a teacher; if I can become 1/3 as good as he is, I'll consider myself lucky!  Thank you so much Shane, for teaching us how to be great teachers with your own example.
Great introduction to the foundations of language learning and teaching.  If you apply yourself in the course, you will gain a lot out of it!  (Use the learning strategies presented!) Taking notes and putting thought into the written assignments is worth it.  I finished the course quickly, and am walking away with a number of valuable insights.  I'm really looking forward to the second course.  The only thing I would improve is that I'd like to see other students put more effort into their peer reviewed assignments. Sometimes it seems like people just write whatever is on their mind and they don't support their opinions with course materials.  When students use course concepts to support their opinions, I have really appreciated their perspective and efforts to use what they learn to form answers to the questions.
This course is presented very well.  The team put together an effective presentation, in my opinion, of important techniques for teaching language.  In addition to presenting the facts, the entire course serves as an example of the techniques taught in the class.  The material was clear, thorough, and important.  I enjoyed the videos and had no problem with the assignments; in addition, the peer reviews were very informative and provided other perspectives from students in many parts of the world.  This was my favorite assignment because I liked learning from others, but it also highlights the importance of taking this class!  What better example for the purpose of TESOL than to be able to communicate with others in the world!   I'm encouraged to continue the program and feel great about the accomplishment.
Great course! I've always wanted to shift my career into teaching English language, but I've always been so intimidated (one reason is me being a non-native English speaker). I always felt that I wasn't cut out for the job. But getting through this course gave me the confidence and a push to go after what I really want. I must say, that it successfully enshrined the foundational principles that a teacher needs for teaching language. Even if this is an online course, even if I'm just watching the lessons from a small screen, Dr. Dixon's words really helped me lot in changing my perspective towards teaching profession. I just really hope I get to finish the whole course, and I look forward to where this might take me. Thank you so much!
Wow!!!!! This is the most interesting course i have ever been privileged to receive. For me,from what i have experenced in this course,i can say in authority that,pursuing a course online is the most flexible and effective means of  studies.I really enjoyed every module of the course.And my knowledge as a professional teacher has been deeply enhanced immensely.The lecturers are very competent,efficient and effective in their fields.I wholeheartedly thank our affable,hardworking,and dedicated lecturers such as Dr Shane Dixon,Dr Andrea Haraway and the others who  selflessly took us through this courrse successfully. It is my greatest wish that i could get privilege to complete the subsequent courses left successfully.Thank you.
Hello everyone! This is an absolutely fantastic course. The way all the basics are tied together makes this very important learning and brought varied aspects of teaching into  proper focus.  Though as someone who has been teaching English for a long time, I was aware of some of these techniques already, I have learnt a lot more in this course than I have in all those years. Dr. Shane Dixon's delivery is impeccable and so effective. It's motivating to hear that faculty as accomplished as Dr. Dixon and Andrea Haraway face these issues too. Anyone who takes joy and pride in teaching will benefit tremendously from this course. Thank you so much to everyone who has been part of putting together this course. Highly recommend!
I recommend this course to people who want to start or have just started the teaching career. The course is very encouraging. The metaphorical language used by professors facilitates understanding of the main teaching concepts and principles. I found metaphors of the week inspiring.
Suggested readings introduce the fundamentals of language learning and acquisition. Dr Krashen’s, Lev Vygotsky’s, and Bloom’s ideas are constantly retrieved thus easily acquired. Other readings contribute to understanding the teaching philosophy as well. At the end of the course I put together a list of effective teacher’s and learner’s techniques which I apply to task designing. I find my classes have more effective student engagement now.
Hi I am Onur and I just finished my first courseon the way to have ASU TESOL Professional certificate. Frankly speaking the content of the course is one of the best among the other related courses yet it has some pros and cons.Pros:Great metaphors that you can use in your class,Everything was explained in a very friendly way,You don't have to spend lots of time by studying,You surely will find great paragraphs about language learning issues,Cons:Feedback system  for assignments  was not as I thought, so do not wait for any kind of authoritive feedback,Questions in the quiz part should have been more difficult , many of them can be answered with a little informationYou can be a fan of Mr. Dixon :)
I very much enjoyed my first Teach English Now! course, and intend to continue with the next 7 courses to complete my TESOL Certificate. I think that, although I don't generally enjoy watching videos, the videos were short enough to keep my interest, and the content was excellent. I did not become bored or tune out, it felt like all of the content was relevant, and the sequencing of the material worked well for me. My general feeling was that I was learning a lot in a short time, and I felt quite motivated to continue making progress. I attribute part of that to my level of interest in the topic, and part to the presentation and delivery of the course. Excited to continue. Thanks very much!
For weeks, I scoured the internet trying to find an online TESOL/TEFL certificate that met my needs and it felt overwhelming. Some of them were extremely cheap, some were fairly expensive, but very few were offered fully online and endorsed by an accredited university. I graduated college last year and the memory of how those online courses were structured was still fresh in my mind. I was overjoyed to feel right at home with not only the format but the quality of content. Dr. Dixon reminds of professors I had in college and seems so approachable with his silliness and yet you can tell he has so much to offer. This is only the first course but I feel very confident going forward.
Dr. Shane Dixon, Jessica Cinco, and Dr. Justin Shewell make the course so fun and engaging that you almost feel that you are doing no work at all.  They used metaphors and skits which made material which could have been boring and tedious, exciting and easy to remember.  Non-native English speakers will find this course easy to follow, as the instructors do not speak too fast nor use advanced vocabulary where unnecessary.  They present theory, but this course teaches on another level as you can see how the instructors themselves implement these theories in the way they teach you the course.  It says that the course takes six weeks, but if you work hard you can finish it in one.
I'm so grateful to the team of the Teach English Now! Foundational Principles. In fact I went through trial and error before I finally get an opportunity to study at the best structured and presented course ever! I had some really frustrating experience of studying in the teaching courses, which in fact didn't add anything to my teaching skills and they didn't motivate me to continue my development as a teacher. This course had a strong impact on my attitude towards this profession. And especially I would like to highlight the inspired style of presentation and a tremendous performance of Dr. Shane Dixon. Thank you very much for your contagious zest towards the profession!
I found this an interesting course. I've been a language student myself for a number of years and very much this has taught me that knowing how to speak English and knowing how to teach English are two very different things. This has been a great "taster" to see whether teaching English to speakers of other languages could be something I am interested in pursuing professionally. I was initially a little scared regarding the peer review assignments, however I think this is a valuable way to consider aspects of an issue that I did not consider myself. Lastly, I also wonder if this course will help me become a better student myself - a definite unexpected benefit!
This is a wonderful course that is clearly presented to help people who might already work as English Language Acquisition teachers or who are new to the field. Information is clearly presented through videos with supporting documents, as needed. There are regular checkpoints, peer-reviewed writing assignments that involve critically analyzing various teaching ideas, and quizzes that directly mirror any notes you have been taking from the course videos. The professors are fantastic and set a perfect tone for English Language Acquisition teachers to model. I was able to complete the first course in under a week and have moved on to the others in the series!
I liked this course a lot.  Dr. Shane does a great job of breaking down concepts with metaphors and stories from his own life as well as essays from his students.  You can tell he genuinely loves teaching and his personality comes out in these lectures.  He addresses not only how to teach effectively, but takes time to talk about you (the teacher), and the importance of a good work life balance.  If I have one criticism of the course, it is that the weekly Essential Questions (mini essays or video responses) are graded on extremely loose criterion.  However I understand that not everyone who takes this course is a native speaker.   Thank you Coursera!
Really hands on course with great  and unforgettable metaphors. Help to struct a picture of being a good teacher by introducing fundamental but crucial rules, e.g.being a camera to  provide both focus mode and diffuse mode for learners, so that they can spend time in words and grammar while practicing what's being learnt in outside world. Taking learners' sentimental factors seriously to help build confidence etc.Most of the time, we were only thinking about what to teach. With theories in this course, we got our own diffuse mode of teaching how to teach (how to stimulate) and how to teach them to be good with language learning strategies (LLS).
This is a wonderful and friendly course that, at any moment, seems relatively easy yet conveys a smart and sensible pedagogy to help students acquire a language. Each week's coursework lays out a simple metaphor, yet that chain of ideas leads to some very sensible ideas like how one shouldn't feed English to students the way one feeds corn to geese for paté, but, rather, that students should be motivated to teach themselves by immersing themselves in language communities. So this course was a lot of fun, yet in only a few weeks I've learned more about pedagogy than I did on a five-year English-teaching trip around the world.
I have never enjoyed a course as much as I am this course!  I am incredibly grateful for the opportunity to learn from professors that are so passionate about this field.  I was expecting your typical college course where it's boring and non inclusive.  This is seriously the best experience and I am having the time of my life!  I've never felt so involved and inspired by a college course.  This is not a passing feeling. It's taking root within me and something I will carry with me as I continue on my journey.  Thank you so much for this course and....just the opportunity to be exposed to such amazing Drs./Professors!
I learnt a lot of things from This Course, It was very useful for me, Thanks to everyone who participated in preparing and presenting this course.I'm grateful for everything that I learnt in this amazing course, no matter how hard I try to say how am I very thankful for everyone of you it won't be enough to describe how I feel, So thank you so much.Special Thanks to Dr. Dixson you are the best teacher I ever have and I wish one day I could attend a live lecture with you, I learnt a lot from you and from first lesson to the last one of this course, there's a huge difference in my level as a teacher :) thank You
First of all, I would like to express my full gratitude to the professors who made this course. It was very insightful and interesting. I would recommend it to everyone who is willing to expand his or her knowledge about the profession of teaching a English. Second, I want to thank all of my classmates who helped me with a lot of ideas and didn't hesistate to share everything they know. Also, for reviewing my assignments. Finally, I want to say that I am very happy for completing this course, and I can't wait to complete the other courses related to the specialization of teaching English. Thank you!
Teach English Now is filled with a lot of needful contents and techniques for better language learning acquisition. And lessons under it are not, at all, limited to teaching language alone; it extends to every aspect of teaching subjects. It exposes a teacher to better strategies for teaching , that would make students feel engaged and interesting about the contents. With adequate understanding of this course, teachers can produce confident and competent graduates who are as proficient at speaking, writing, reading and listening as native English speakers. I was fortunate to have taken this course.
I love the course and it is so useful. The Lecturers are so wonderful even thougth all the lessons are on the video but I really can feel their efforts to make the course more approachable and easier to catch up. The principles and techniques introduced about language learning are really pratical and scientific.Besides, reading other learners' assignment is also beneficial to me!Love it soooooooo much!I will keep on learning as soon as I've got spare time! Hope I can get the final certificate! Thank you all who have made contribution to making this course! You guys are just awesome!
Thank you very much for this course! It was very useful and interesting! I've already started to implement all the knowledge I got here and I feel that my lessons became better and the students' result became higher as well! I am going to pass all the courses and capstones because the more we do something the easier it becomes! Now I am an undergraduate student; however, in future I am planning to obtain my Master's Degree in the USA. So, if I succeed, I will definitely try to meet all the team of the course, because you are awesome professionals!All the best to you!
Was quite useful in setting the ground for the teachers to take a deeper look into the theoretical foundations of language teaching and their practical applications. The course infact gave insights into how teachers should handle their classes as well as  to what extent to shoulder their responsibilities as teachers.In fact, I was a bit surprised when the Dixon advised not to assume too much responsibilities, but then got to understand how doing that affects teachers in the long run, and results in burn outs. Thanks to the instructors of the course.
This was a very interesting module, other than giving out imporant information to question ourselves as language teacher it encouraged us to think again and review how is it that we are really performing as teachers, are we asking the right questions? are we thinking of the best ways to enroll our students on leargning languages? are we wnjoying our labour? All of the lessons provided not only gave information to improve our classes but gave us the opportunity to wonder what can we do better and how can we be better as teachers.Thank you!
Teach English Now! Foundational Principles is a great informative course.  The self-paced style allowed time to focus on content where I needed to gain more skills.  The instructors are pleasant and enjoyable to watch.  The readings are fun and interesting.  The constructive feedback I received from my classmates has improved my writing skills.  The required reviews prepared me for grading students' work in the classroom setting.  I highly recommend this course to anyone considering the ESL / TEFL / TESOL Teaching profession.
Course is fun, easy, enjoyable and beneficial. Prof. Shane is a very talented presenter and managed to pull me into the lectures. My only concerns are: The length of the course was too short and it was not very deep. In other words In my opinion they could have easily added another course worth of material to this course without it becoming overbearing. It made me feel that their stretching the number of courses you have to take to finish the specialization. Other wise its a good course. Great instructor and good content!
This course is just awesome. It will be very helpful to the ones who are at the beginning of the profession. The topics covered solutions for many of my struggles about teaching ways, the importance of practice, how to manage time in class, understanding my students' views etc. It also improved my analyzing skills with the assessment questions which were really food for thought.  The best thing is all lessons are explained in a very simple way. I am very grateful to all Arizona University and Coursera team. Thank you!!!
I have learned a lot of interesting knowledge from this Foundation Principles course. Sometimes you seem to know it a lot but when you update you will see what you know is only the top of the iceberg. Everything need to be acquired with good instructors. Thank for the course's beloved teachers, I burn lightly with my teaching job again. I recommend this course for all teachers of language. If they feel bored with teaching, want to leave your profession, this will help them to find best themselves and core value again.
This was an excellent course! I love how everything is taught in the form of metaphors. I particularly liked the simplicity of the course and the way it was presented in the form of short modules. I loved Shane Dixon's way of talking and his expressions made the course a lot of fun. I enjoyed all the assignment questions as they really helped me apply everything I learnt through each module. I will definitely recommend this course, and hope to move to the next level with it. Thank you for such an amazing experience!
Outstanding! I love the enthusiasm Dr. Dixon brings to this MOOC. This course is taught by people who really understand how to teach at the most basic level, which has made taking this course so informative. Not only did I learn the foundational principles of EFL instruction, but simply watching HOW this whole course was setup, executed, and designed has been a learning experience in and of itself. I highly recommend this course to anyone who is or is thinking of teaching English as a foreign language.
Thanks, this course is an evidence of the advantages of a mooc and a good use of the technology, i learned a lot and i'll keep in mind all your advice. I want to go through all the courses of the specialization, even though i  don't have the $$ to purchase for the courses certification, the important thing is that i'm learning a lot and my future first students will be the real certification and rectification of what i have leaned, giving my best self to teach them. Teachers. You are awesome. thanks
I enjoyed the video lessons. I found the system of rating my classmates and my classmates rating me an interesting and stimulating activity.  It was interesting to read other peoples' opinions, rate them and give feedback. I became aware that my feedback improved and was more constructive over the duration of the course and I hope that it was a bit helpful to the classmates that I rated. It gave me a sense of practicing something that will be part of what I do when teaching a language. Although, .
The course combines theory with practice in an organized and effective way. After a quick and understandable information about the teaching principles, course teachers really illustrate how we can apply these theoratical information into our classroom environment. The course also handles every aspect of teaching process: Methodologies, Learning Strategies, Students Autonomy and even Teacher Burnout. Really useful course for all language teachers. Thank You Coursera and Arizona State University.
It is a recommended course for any teachers out there. Even though this course is focusing on teaching English language, I find that it is still helpful for teachers of any other subjects, even other languages! I thoroughly enjoy weekly assignment even though I have to admit that I didn't complete some by the end of the week. But, it is all on me because I am responsible for my own learning. Good luck to everyone who is taking this course and anyone who will be taking this course! Cheers!
The Foundational Principles portion of this specialization is really comprehensive, but also not complex enough that a new learner can't complete and understand the material. There is a strong focus on teacher technique that I appreciated. There is a good combination of audio-visual material and reading material. I prefer to learn through reading so it was nice to intersperse articles and authentic research with the lessons. Would definitely recommend this to new and seasoned learners!
It was an amazing experience! I must commend Dr. Shane Dixon's level of creativity in making the course interesting and very easy to comprehend. His ability to explain the most complex ideas in simple forms is quite incredible. I never thought that taking an online course will be so rewarding and educative, my experience has cleared all my doubts. I also appreciate Coursera's efforts in putting this wonderful courses together, and I look forward to taking my courses on this platform.
Although it was an introductory course, the foundational principles were very helpful, even as an experienced teacher.  Because I did not have any formal training in education (i.e. did not major in the education field), the principles taught offered a lot of insights into why I have been doing what I did in the classroom and why I was trained in particular ways of teaching.  This is a great course to start the TESOL certification process or to see if this is what you really want.
The course was very useful and gave me a lot of ideas that I didn't know as a future teacher and also it gave me the opportunity to discover more about the teaching field making it seem like an exciting journey to take. The tutors were very spontaneous and not strick at all, they are friendly and have a smooth message delivery way that the student understands what they are talking about immediatly. I really enjoyed the course and looking forward seeing you in real life. Thank you
Having both taken Barbara Oakley's coursera course about learning as well as reading her book, I was already familiar with the ideas about focused and diffuse learning modes.  This course applied not only that information that I was aware (and quite fond) of to the idea of language learning, but also pulled in a number of other useful pedagogical resources and presented them in a coherent and cohesive manner.  I am looking forward to the next course in the TOEFL specialization.
I gave a 5 starts rate because i really like the way you presented the part 1: materials and videos was so precisely ant not too long, that study was not feel like taking a course but reviewing things that we may be achieved a long time ago but we had forgotten somehow. it has a personal approach to me as a person and as a teacher, in order to never forget how ridiculous we have to be while teaching to help our students to feel really comfy with their learning process. Thanks,
I loved and enjoyed the teaching style of this course. It modeled the way I should be teaching perfectly and so I was able to connect the content I was learning to the way the teacher was teaching. Lots of teacher talk and body language and scaffolding was modeled. I also learned very useful information which I look forward in using in my own classes in the future. All in all, spectacular. Keep it up and I hope those who come after me will enjoy it just as much.And thank you!
Thank you for this help on teacher/student relations; sharing the importance of practice, helping students feel smart, relating teaching experiences to others, and stressing how hard it is to perform something new.  This class has helped me with my teaching practice, to make certain my classroom is more of a co-op with students.  Dr. Dixon is so engaging as a teacher and mentor, I'm now going to search for his books to further learn his techniques to help develop mine.
I love teaching. But sometimes I feel that my students do not want to learn English. And I always ask myself: "Why  are they lazy? Why aren't they doing anything?" And I found the answer. Because I did not give them enough chance to practise. Almost all of my lessons were organized by lecturing. I used to teach only grammar rules. I can't remember using body language during my lessons. After taking part in this course I learned many things.  Thank you all very much!!!
I absolutely loved this course. It was fun and with a great structure. I learned a lot easily and it was so fun I didn't wanted it to finish. Time passes so quickly with Teach English Now. I want to thank Dr. Dixon for his wonderful teaching and all the Teach English Now team for making this amazing course. I also want to thank Coursera team for letting me take this course and giving me this wonderful opportunity.I don't know how to thank you enough.Thanks a lotMaryam
The videos are very well done and the course material was a good start to learning Teaching English as a Second Language theory and foundations.  There is some delays in waiting for peer reviews and to be able to review others work which can affect your timeline and goals, and peer reviews can be unfair and there seems to be no recourse to challenge them, but the assignments are simple and you can just re-do them and get different peers to grade you which worked fine.
This course is essential for anyone who wants to be a language teacher. I have taken an online advance TESOL certificate but  unlike it, TEACH ENGLISH NOW! Foundation Principles course is what I needed: the video lectures, the readings were all presented clearly and the tasks are reasonable.  It's refreshing for those who have been teaching English for a long time who might be thinking of giving up or who might be very tired by now, this course is just  invigorating !
I knew this course would be great and worth it, what I did not expect was to be wowed. The modules are sooo rich, so easy to comprehend and very applicable to everyday life.  I'm not a teacher yet but I'm already applying these principles. I have a nephew who is having troubles learning a second language and I found myself giving him tips from what I learned here. I can't wait to begin the rest of the courses.  A big thank you to the instructors. Thanks you!
It's very useful though theoretical course,there are many advice how to teach; methods,approuches and devices.It's a ineresting view with metaphors and psychological articals,learning strategies and recommendation how to keep professional without burning out but being bright candle with appealing fire .Not only burning to teach but ignite this fire in your students! I appreciate for this course and I hope it will be better and interesting in further parts.
ASU has done a great job of putting together materials to present the ideas needed to teach English as a second language. It's far and away the most well organized and presented class I've taken through Coursera. I am auditing the class so I can't speak to the response times and response quality of the instructors but the forums seem active and I did get responses to my questions within a week. I look forward to enrolling for the certificate next year.
This is a great course. I taught for 20 years in schools of Medicine without any instruction on how to teach. This course has opened my eyes to the possibilities of teaching language in multiple ways. The presentations are clear and concise and easily understood. The combination of videos and written information makes for an excellent teaching strategy. Finally, I really enjoyed taking the course and learning so much more about how to teach languages.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course.  The content was well presented and the videos were very interesting and appropriate lengths. As a result, I was able to easily follow and retain the information and visualize how I will apply some of the new techniques I have learned.  The peer assignments were thought provoking and it was beneficial to see what my peers in the class had to say.  Thank you to all of the teachers, peers and wider production team.
Really great course to start my TOEFL journey. I have been out of college for over twenty years and this was a great way to get back into further learning. The content was interesting without being overwhelming and was presented in a simple way. Dr.Shane Dixon has great energy and is able to make the concepts relevant but also inspiring. In addition, I really enjoyed getting to interact with other learners as we reviewed each other’s submissions.
The course is excellent! In fact, the professor, Dr. Shane Dixon is an expert able to capture and keep our attention.More yet, the content and the approach used are really good! The way Dr. Shane conduct the course and explain how to become a better teacher make this course a must for future teachers.I highly recommend, not just for english teachers, but those who wants to improve their abilities as professors at colleges and universities.
I found the course particularly exceptional and exciting as the things that were taught and how they were taught, was the first of its kind in my experience of traditional learning. I believe second language is one of the most difficult things to teach. Our teachers in the course, by way of teaching the modules taught us techniques of HOW language should be taught. I'm looking forward to learning more from them in the following courses.
This course is amazing, I've got a lot of new useful information in really concentrated form and it didn't take a lot of time. In my school and university there was a huge amount of useless information, and it was very hard to isolate important parts from the whole, and in this Coursera course I see absolutely opposite situation. Everything I read and saw in this course will be useful in my further work.Thank you.Kindest regards, Alex
First of all, thank you so much for empowering me and building me up through so many interesting lessons and reading materials. it is very helpful and it is absolutely one of the best courses. I'm so grateful for the professors and teachers who taught this course and prepared this course for us on behalf of the teachers all over the world. I am willing to use methods I have learnt from this course to my students at GMIT, Mongolia:-)
Oh my goodness! I can't say enough about how great this course was for me. Dr. Shane Dixon did an excellent job of sharing the concepts in ways that were easily digested (more cake please). The course was set up better than any course I've taken online. The use of the metaphors truly helped me to easily recall what the class was about and I believe it will always be part of my teaching future. Thank you all for such a great course.
I am Sri Nidhi and I am from India. I am very happy with the course and the instructors - Dr. Shane and his partner. I am very new to the teaching profession and to be frank, I never gave a thought about the principles that I have been using since my first day in teaching language. I am so glad that I came across this course and definitely this course already started making difference in my  performace in all zones. Much obliged !
I highly recommend this course! It highlights teaching techniques language educators can use to ensure successful language teaching and learning in their classroom. Moreover, the modules are interesting and easy to understand. Every language teachers, novice and seasoned alike,  must take this course. Kudos to Dr. Shane Dixon, Dr. Justin Shewell, Ms. Andrea Haraway from Arizona State University for such a wonderful online course!
I really liked the casual yet professional set up of this course. Being a teacher coach in my private life, I understand ALL the information was good. I especially liked the part on Teacher Burnout (it's my specialty niche with mentoring teachers.)  I understand WHY you put in as a module.  I get that YOU GET IT!!! and thank you for your contribution.  If you need any help or more testimonials I am available.  www.iamkendria.com
Amazing teachers, valuable information and top-quality materials! Thanks so much for making this course - I gained a lot from it, especially from giving and receiving feedback from fellow students. The only thing I didn't enjoy much are some questions in the tests because sometimes they seem a bit irrelevant. I would recommend making the tests a bit more to the point and reducing the amount of questions:) Thanks for your work!!!
I want to say a huge thank you to Dr. Shane for making this course so fun and engaging. Also thanks to everyone else involved who put in endless hours to put this amazing course together - if I ever had any doubts about teaching, you certainly reassured me what a fantastic profession this is. My step father completed Tesol a few years back and tells me it was nothing like this and that I'm very lucky to have found this course!
Taking
this course, as a trainee teacher, I feel that more confident than ever before. Besides,
based on the gained knowledge from the course, I have started writing about Teaching
English in my local language Bangla using contextual references. I post them on
my social media account, and I am receiving positive feedback. Many of the readers
have even expressed their interest to pursue Professional TESOL certification.
I enjoyed the lessons. The class was pretty good I actually think I have learned a lot from this class. This was my first online class and I thought your homework and tests really made me think critically  and search for the answers making me learn more  especially peer assessments. And through watching videos i have learned how i can speak confidently while making my point clear e.t.c. Great thanks to my teachers.
Starting this course, I was so hopeful and optimistic about all the things I needed to learn about foundational principles of teaching, and to be honest, I wasn't disappointed. I enjoyed every second of the videos and every word of the readings. took many notes and wrote many comments. met great ideas from different people.It was an amazing experience. Thanks you Coursera and thanks you Arizona State University.
I learned a lot about the theories behind language acquisition from Krashen. Dr. Dixon enthusiastically explains the concepts fo "teacher talk", "elaboration" and more, in the context of teaching languages.The course checkpoints aren't tedious like in other courses, they just check for the essential parts and the elaborations are left for assumptions about language learning explained in videos as assignments.
This course has given me new insights into teaching English effectively to non-native speakers. The theories have widened my understanding of the concerns, issues and trends in teaching English to foreign students. In addition to that, the Dr. Dixon and Dr. Haraway are very engaging with their delivery of the lessons. I have enjoyed every moment that I have spent for this online course. Well done, Coursera!
This course was by far the most engaging introduction to teaching ESL that I’ve ever come across. The structure (short lectures interspersed with assessments) meant that information was provided at the optimal level or ‘sweet spot’, and Dr Dixon’s humorous anecdotes made the course fun. The two aspects motivated me to complete the course - in flying colours to boot! I can’t wait to start the next subject!
thanks to all teachers and students i am so happy to being here with you. this course help me to see my skills level and teach me to how can i improve them. i am a students of English language teaching and i am the one of the future teacher with this course i will be a good teacher and i will guide my students according to what i learned here. it is very useful for future teachers. thanks for everything.
Excellent course framework, and presentation. The content is of superior quality, and in par with what one will learn in the brick and mortar TESOL schools. I have also received interesting feedbacks from my course mates, and they have been all timely, constructive and pertinent. It goes without saying that the lecturers are highly intelligible and competent in the matter of presentation and language.
Excellent!! A wonderful TESOL course for any one who dreams of becoming a great teacher someday!! It grasped my attention since the very first moment I started watching the first lesson. All the classes by Dr. Shane Dixon are quite interesting and enriched with a lot of pedagogical tips to teach better English language. Congratulations for ASU university and all the team behind this amazing course!!
This course was really good for knowing basic techniques used for teaching!! I loved the teachers, they were all very nice and willing to answer questions on the Discussion Forums. The videos are really useful for explaining the topics and I found them to be entertaining with the use of metaphors and anecdotes. Overall, its a good course if you're looking for knowing the basis to be a good teacher.
I was glad to have an opportunity to enrol in this course and it gave me a truly important experience and useful knowledge. It was rather interesting and exciting to work on peer-graded assignments and I would be glad to continue working hard on my road through TESOL certification from Arizona State University. Let me express sincere gratitude for your work on this course. Let’s keep going!
Shane Dixon is a little over the top, but it's clear that his energy and enthusiasm is backed up by his knowledge (also it makes sense that he would have such a personality considering the need for it in his ESL classrooms). Everything he says is directed towards helping you understand how to apply what you are learning in a class. Easily the most interesting online course I've taken.
It has been a truly enriching experience to participate and complete Course 1 of Teach English Now! Foundational Principles because it allowed me to relearn concepts I studied some time ago, read about new ideas for ESL, and connect with classmates from all over the world. Also, the professors behind the course are pretty competitive and knowledgeable about this field.Thank you!
This course is great! It has really got me excited about teaching English in China. All the concepts are explained clearly and with metaphors that make you think a bit deeper than you might have otherwise. And if you do all the courses in their Teaching English for Speakers of Other Languages (TESOL) series (8 in total), you earn yourself a coveted TESOL certificate! Good luck!
This course is fantastic because it opened my mind on how to teach my students English in the best possible way. I found each week motivating and the teachers surprised me with the taxonomy presented at the end of the course. It was emotional and tears came out of my eyes. I learned a lot and I will pass on all this knowledge to my students. Thank you very much from the heart.
I looked forward to each week's newly posted lectures and other content. This is a well-organized course, and one learns the various principles, including the more technical, without much effort. Also, Dr. Shane Dixon is a gifted teacher: his success at teaching this class proves that the teaching methods he presents yields successful learning indeed. A recommended course!
The class is definitely what it claims - an overview of foundational principles. I have a degree in education, so it was a bit tedious going through all the things I learned freshman year of college, but the class would be excellent for someone new to the field. The videos are cheesy, but don't waste too much time, and the quizzes/peer reviewed assignments are reasonable.
This course allows us to visualize how important it is to teach, allowing students not only to receive knowledge, but also experiences that will help them to face their future with the best attitude, practicing good principles, with values that give them the confidence to believe in themselves and to model with passion and motivation for their own development and future.
I have an English language at the elementary level, despite studying it at school and university. Therefore, for me this course is the best stage and the most productive period of learning English. Every video, every text, every task of this course has become just incredible for me. Cool, thanks to the organizers of this course who were able to make it concise and useful
Great foundation to teaching indeed. Thanks. As warm language and the tilt of warm language and metaphors was greatly explored to make content sticky in our brains. Great job, as MuD worked out. Language is like a cake, a camera, basketball,a door, the students are young birds, , teacher a couch, a candle and so more. Keep the light (students) remain ignited. Thanks alot
This entire course was entertaining, engaging, and well-structured. I obtained new skills and learned the history of skills I currently use. Each week's theme made the information imparted easy to incorporate into everyday life as well as the classroom. I feel like I have a solid foundation upon which to build further education upon and I look forward to the next course.
I find pleasure in doing the course. Tutoring is very impressive. Felt as if the mentors were next to me and guiding the concepts in a more understanding way.  Very comfortable. Excellent learning. No boring at all. Fun in learning as notice evergreen smile on mentors' face which makes me no deviation from the course. It's a real edutainment. Thank you for your efforts.
I have enjoyed the most of the presentation of Shane Dixon! Other teachers are also very good indeed, i really appreciate, but this fellow is very close to my pedagogical philosophy and really touched me, my general values in life. I want to thank everyone who worked on such great smart project!!My sincere love and respect for you guys, Baktygul Baikozha from Kazakhstan
Although it just the firs instalment in this TESOL specialisation, this course is enough by itself to revise, improve, and maybe totally change your understanding of what it means to be an English teacher and actually teach with passion and success. I do recommend this course without reservation for Dr Shane and his team really know how to prepare and serve their cake!
This is an excellent course. It helped me a lot by teaching me a lot of basic principles about teaching that I didn't know. I think that the information given in this course is key to understand the role of a teacher and stay motivated, so we can help students learn and develop the best they can. I'm completely satisfied with this course and I recommend it 100 percent.
This course was beautifully made, the content was rich and meaty and yet not overwhelming. The modules were compact and yet well paced,  presented using the very same principles being taught. My children (ages 8,10, 12)  would even sit down and watch Dr. Shane's lessons with me, every week! Thank you very much to the team behind the Teach English Now specialization.
I've "taught" both kids and seniors informally before (swimming lessons, writing, computer classes) and this course helped put in clear perspective the things I'd learned by trial and error. Wish I'd known some of this stuff back then. It was pretty easy and broken down into tiny bits, and while it's a 6-week course, you can very easily do it in a week, like I did.
The course is very well thought out to provide the basic concepts and principles of teaching. These concepts are logical and easily understood. However, I was able to easily understand these concepts because of the well-thought out organisation of the course. The pace of the course is also suited for those who can make time on the side in their busy schedule.
The course was very educational from beginning until the end.  Using all kind of metaphors thru the entire course was really an eyeopener. Thumbs ups to the team Arizona State University who developed this training program.  Good luck with sharing this inspirational teaching technique in the future.  Allan de la Cerna Enriquez from Terneuzen, The Netherlands.
I love it. I learned a lot and I specially like the fact that the presenters are very empathetic to teachers. I appreciated the last module personally too since it caters a topic that not all courses offer. More than information is emotional stability of teachers so I love it when they talked about teacher's burn out. I am looking forward to the next course!
This course was really very important, I consider it is aperfect tool for all the teachers who need a new information about how to teach a new language in the modernworld.It shows the tecniques, estrategies and how to use the technology not just for student as the teachers too.For me was like a new breath necesary in the way of teaching english.THANKS A LOT
A very significant course for all ESL teachers, even if you have many years of teaching experience it really shed the light on core concepts that you may have forgetten. I really enjoy taking this course; it has ignited mine motivation and has awaken me to try new ways and techniques in my career, thanks to the wonderful instructions provided by Dr. Shane.
This course is proof that online learning can be an effective tool when used and done correctly! I absolutely loved being part of it and I appreciate the effort the teachers put into producing such good modules. I was interested in the idea of learning how to teach English before I started this course, and now after finishing I can't wait to learn more.
Hello to the wonderful teachers of the course.I enjoyed each segment and each class.I know I learned a lot as I do not have a teaching background.I have a lot of practicing to do but every time I finished a module I was happy to practice again and again on my own and with others around me.Waiting for the second part with a smile on my face :-)Thank you
I am very grateful to Coursera for offering this course to the rest of the world. It opens the opportunity for instructors in the world to improve their teaching skills and become better teachers in their classrooms. Many thanks to the creators for driving the concepts in a fun and interactive way. It was an amazing and enlightening experience. Thanks.
I like the course a lot. It is interesting and it seems very well organized. It is interactive in a way that challenges you to think and express your own opinion about teaching. That helped me gain a better perspective on language teaching and motivated me as a teacher. I do recommend this course. I am having fun while learning - best combination ever!
The course is well-developed with useful resources and lively presentations through easily-remembered relevant metaphors. I will always remember the dramatic examples of language is cake, language is like a camera, language is like a coach ( example of Michael Jordan trying to teach basketball merely from a textbook is funny and powerful!) and etc.
I absolutely loved it! This is an amazing course which gives everyone a chance to be great language teacher, as well as a great language learner. I will always see teaching with a new set of eyes after this course. It has certainly changed my life for the better! Thank you to the Coursera community and Arizona State University for this opportunity!
This MOOC is fun-filled and is a good introduction to the world of language teaching. It offers a good solid foundation for prospective teachers to make sense of the process of teaching, classroom dynamics, and sources and theories that could be used in class. It makes use of a lot of metaphors to facilitate this, in humor-filled, simplified ways.
I have learned more techniques on how to have my pupils master their skills. The foundational principles are so helpful in dealing with issues on how to deal on ample time for acquiring the language. And this principles is not only applicable to language but on all the learning areas. I find it great and helpful..More power to all of you.GODSPEED.
This course provides an excellent overview of the principles that any teacher must discover if he/she is to enjoy their work. These principles are transferable and do not deal with the language itself, but rather language learning (and learning in general), so it is a useful course even for those who plan to teach in languages other than English.
I like the short videos! It is a more interesting way of teaching than creating 1,5-hour-long lectures. Short but straightforward. My only problem is that after the third week it became a little bit monotonous because we had to do the same task every week. Despite that, the teachers are great, and I hope I will see them in the next modules, too.
I enjoyed this course very much. As a student I am happy to say that the time and effort I put on this course was very beneficial to me. It is really helpful for me to improve my teaching career. I really appreciate the way the lecturers approach to teach us broad and deep concepts through very simple but meaningful examples. Thank you so much.
This course, which, is the first milestone for a language teacher has given me immense knowledge about the teaching pedagogy to be followed while teaching students and remain control over oneself and that teaching is a lifelong process where we will encounter pandoras secret every time throughout the journey.Thank you for this beautiful course.
A very good introduction to the basics of teaching English to speakers of other languages.I learnt how to engage students from the very first seconds of a lesson .I became aware that students can gauge whether you will be a good teacher or not in just a few seconds.The techniques i learnt have given me confidence to teach in a professional way.
the course was really informative and helpful, especially some theories and studies are 2007 and i just knew about since i graduated in 1995, I think all teachers should do these courses regularly, and we hereby thank Coursera and ASU and all those who make it happen and I will go forward with the second course for sure, wish me Luck. Mustafa.
Hello everyone! I recently completed the first course of the TESOL Specialization and let me tell you, I am beyond delighted. The number of valuable techniques and teachings that I have learned in this course are truly stepping stones to my teaching career in the future. Dr. Shewell is an incredible teacher! Can't wait to learn more from him.
What a wonderful course it was and what a creative way to teach the principles of teaching the instructors used to facilitate understanding. The use of metaphors to explain the principles of teaching was very helpful and effective! I don't think I will ever forget the principles now nor the metaphors! I highly recommend this course!
As this was my very first "course" with Coursera. i enjoyed it! I found it entertaining and very informative as well. I believe it can help a lot!. I didn't complete al the courses because I have many interests and now I am fallin for the freelance remote work so i got to learn about that and hopefuly with Coursera I get to do that!
This course is fantastic, I learned lots and lots of priciples about teaching any language, how to combine between the content and the technique, how to be different always and follow your own passion in teaching the language and be an actor, act silly and make jokes to serve the purpose and make your students acquire the language.
If you're interested in learning virtual instruction, then this is the course for you. The instructors encourage students to record a series of videos (1 to 4 minutes long), but those without a Web cam can also submit text files. Making a fool of yourself is allowed. The instructors provide excellent andragogy. Highly recommended.
I really did enjoy taking this course. The information that I received helped me to implement new ideas and concepts into my language classroom. It also made me stop to think "Why do I teach?" I think looking at your own personal motivation helps you to remember and develop a better strategy to use inside your language classroom.
Thanks  for everything. All teachers around the world haven't same conditions especially advantage for developing themselves . But with this course all of us can have a lot of opportunity for improving and developing ourselves. You can be a teacher more than 20 years but there are lots of new things you can learn in this course.
This is an excellent course as an introduction to language teaching. Loved how the entire course was scaffolded and built upon very important language teaching techniques. I highly recommend this course for those interested in becoming a TESOL Instructor or as a review for teachers who are already teaching. I am very satisfied!!
Consistency is clearly visible in the way the lecture is structured and delivered. Use of Metaphor helped in understanding the terms even better. Peer-graded assignment challenges the learner in bringing out the best in them. Congratulations to the entire team for the effort and wishing them to keep doing in future. Thank you.
Thank you so much for this course! It was a wonderful path! Hope, I'll finish all the courses for TESOL certificate and will communicate with mentors not only as guides in teaching, but with experienced colleguages!  As well as with classmates, it's great that we can create a network of ESL professionals! Thank you, Coursera!
I truly appreciate the comprehensive course . When I discovered this great online course and the convenience of it, I like to learn and teach the English language.I actually had fun taking this course.I especially appreciated the video lectures and written assignments. They helped me prepare for my future teaching endeavors
Great course! I loved every minute of it.  The videos were great and I learned a lot about teaching that I didn't know before, or rather that I might have known but not paid much attention to. The passages and the videos made me more aware of my own teaching techniques and skills, especially where improvement is required.
Comparing this to other TESOL programs, you're going to learn a lot! Watch the videos and do the work, they're only going to add towards your learning experience. What I absolutely like about this is that it really does take an effort to succeed in these courses, unlike the other websites with cheaper options. Thank you!
It's a wonderful course for English teachers and people who want to become an English teacher. This course has a logical and understandable structure, interesting tasks. I've got a lot of interesting and useful information. I can apply the acquired knowledge in my work. It's  sVery inspiring course. I like it very much.
Very enlightening, and easy to follow.  I've taught English to non-English speakers, and wish I'd had a course like this beforehand!  Learned many helpful principles.Was also quite encouraged to learn that (research shows!) that one can learn a new language at any age, provided you use effective acquisition techniques.
Great course! The videos were done in such a way that made the information interesting to learn and easy to grasp. I really enjoyed how Dr. Dixon wasn't afraid to make himself look ridiculous to make meaning clear, as he teaches us to to. I also enjoyed the supplemental literature on the theories we were introduced to.
This was, hands down, the most motivating course I've ever taken! Its
structure was clear, the assumptions made me reflect on many aspects of
language teaching and the videos with the metaphors were simply delighting! I’m
looking forward to start the second one of the series. I recommend it to all
language teachers.
It is an amazing course that will provide a learner different strategies and ways to be a qualified teacher. All the instructors are so friendly in their teaching and use different metaphores to make the  learning more interesting. I learned  a lot of things. This course is really effective for the future teacher.
I found the information presented in a very orderly fashion. The presenters communicated their ideas in a clear and fun fashion.  It was good learning new techniques as well as being affirmed in what I have done in the way of teaching so far. I would highly recommend this course to anyone who is teaching language.
Great! Thank you for creating this course. It's just what I needed at a time when I needed it. It's nice to see a high quality, engaging, substantial, fun and sincere TESOL/TEFL course, and I have already learned valuable information that I believe has made me a better instructor. Thank you! You guys are awesome!
I really enjoyed this course. The way Dr. Shane Dixon explained the subject is amazing. I learnt from him just like a child. Secondly, the course content is designed to the needs of English teachers. I would like to thank the course designers and teachers Dr. Shane Dixon, Ms.Jessica Sinco and Dr . Justin Shewell.
Basic but extremely useful - this course help you to get the whole understanding of construction, organizational side of whole chain of 8 courses for Specialization and certificate. Also, it helps me to get used to it, distribute resources carefully. I like it very much, and this course motivates me to continue!
Vry happy to have signed up to this course, I found it to be very complete: I updated concepts I was already familiar with, learned new ones, shared input with other students taking the course, and enjoyed the positive, enthusiastic approach of the teachers. Looking forward to taking other coursework from them.
This course 1, has been extremely useful with crystal clear explanations , making the meaning clearer and fire up the teaching passion to the next level. Thank you COURSERA and also I would like to thank  Dr. Shane Dixon and Madam Andrea Haraway for making our journey stress free with good teaching techniques.
i have finished the first specialization and certainly will continue for the next one , i send you this to express my profound thanks for the the people in charge of this amazing website , as well as to our professor Mr DIXON , a special thanks also to my colleagues for their reviews and precious advices.
I found this class challenging but certainly, with a bit of study and note-taking it was possible to get an excellent grade, and indeed to learn well.I loved Dr. Dixon's lecturing style. He always models exactly the principles we are learning. I can't say how much I enjoyed the class. Highly recommended
I have taken a TEFL course previously and can confidently say that this course has taught me so much more in just the foundational principles. The teachers are engaging and have created thoughtful material. I have enjoyed all the lessons learned so far and look forward to the second part of the course.
One of the most complete and interesting courses that I have taken in all my life, it gives you a different perspective of everything, not only in teaching English, and also it makes you reflect about your whole school background as teachers, students and remember those memorable experiences you have.
This course is everything that I needed to start my journey as a teacher!Dr. Nixon is easy to understand, funny, and his sincerity reads through in each video :-)Thank you for offering this course! I feel more confident and prepared to continue studying and taking my TEFL now having taking this class.
It was a good introduction to foundational principles of English teaching. Definitely the other courses in the certification need to be taken in order to get the full benefit of the information given. It really is meant to be a jumping off point to learn and implement other more teaching techniques.
Just the beginning now but a really great one !Love the content, the teachers videos are really well made and explanatory.I found the Coursera platform really well fabricated and intuitive.Everything is set to give us the best chances to thoroughly learn and earn that awesome life changing license !
Dr. Shane Dixon explained the materials really well. It really stick in my mind and I can remember all of it easily. I really hope that later, when I become a teacher I can be just like him. I can present the materials in a fun and engaging way and in an easy way where student can understand it.
A perfect guide for beginners. Gives a brief outline on the various aspects of teaching a language and explains how to begin and guides us in developing our own teaching philosophy. The assignments encourages critical thinking and helps us understand the principles and crux of teaching English.
As an English teacher, I would recommend this course to each person who is interested in making impact in the lives of your ESL students by going deeper pedagogy of ESL teaching. I learnt the practical aspects of many pedagogical concepts. Our instructor, Dr. Shane Dixon is an amazing teacher.
That's amazing! When I was about to leave my current teaching position, get TESOL certificate and go abroad looking for a better job - I had no idea how motivating this course could be! Now I will estimate not the salary I can receive in the future, but the skills I should acquire before that.
My first Teach English Now! certificate ever. Teacher Shane Dixon is so humorous and erudite. The provided knowledge is well-organized and useful. This course is definitely worth my time and effort. I want to send my appreciation and biggest thanks to ASU and Coursera team. Thank you so much!
This was a wonderful course which far exceeded my expectations.  I actually looked forward to each lesson, and I am motivated to continue on to get my TESOL certificate through Teach English Now.  Dr. Dixon and team definitely practiced what they preached by  keeping it fresh and interesting.
Great content, effective delivery and thought provoking essay questions. Bear in mind that you get out of the course what you put in. Ensure to use the assignments as reflections of the modules which you can go back to during your teaching careers and use as forms of professional development.
Hello friends. I just started my learning after a nice gap of years and i thought to give it a try and i am happy to say that i could do it as the course is not that tough and very understandable and more over you get to read so many reviews. I really enjoyed completing the course. Thankyou.
The material was presented in an inspirational, easy-to-understand manner, with great metaphors to help one remember the lesson.  I really enjoyed the teaching example that used Haru's story, it was inspirational, and it was nice to see a small part of how teaching works in the classroom.
It's my pleasure and honor to enroll for your course. My feeling now is ineffable when I received such a certification from an elite tertiary educational institution. On the top of my gratitude to Dr.Shane Dixon and his team for his indefatigable effort to design such a consummate course.
This is a very helpful course. I had already gotten a TESOL certificate, but this one taught things that the other course I studied didn't. I thoroughly enjoyed it! I would definitely recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn more about teaching or is new to the whole concept!
It is indeed a very useful and motivating course not for just beginners for all those who wish to a language teacher. I personally got fully benefited in terms of new knowledge, core concepts of learning and skills. I would like to take on more such courses to enhance my competencies.
i really enjoy this course because the two instructors use active body languages and changeable tones and expressions to deliver, which makes this course interesting, and perfectly coherent with what they are teaching!_how to teach English. thank you all for this wonderful course!!!!1
I LOVED this course! Everything was so clear and I enjoyed watching lectures and doing tasks. Thanks to all people who created this course, I've never been so satisfited with studying. After this course I feel totally confident that I can use techniques in real life. THANKS YOU A LOT!
I've learnt a lot thus far and it has transformed my entire preconception about teaching English language. Indeed "langauge is like cake" and not "anyone who speaks the language can teach the language". Thanks to you my Amazingly super great tutors. So glad to be part of your class!!!
The course was really amazing, I loved the didatic of the course, all the metaphors from Dr. Shane helped me a lot . The disign of the course was clean and easy to undertand and the quality of the videos simply perfect.I will suggest all my friends that are teachers to do the course.
The course is very well structured. Wonderfully modulated video lessons transfers the students inside actual classroom and we get a feel of part of Dr Dixon's class.However, I feel some kind of interaction with our mentors throughout the journey will give a new edge to this course.
Thanks to all the professors and Coursera who made it possible for us to learn while being on distance! It is an amazing opportunity and experience! Thank you very much for sharing your knowledge and time!I have enjoyed this course very much! I am looking forward for another one!
Great lectures and lecturers! The reading materials are excellent and directly aimed to improve teaching skills. Every lesson comes along with tasks which were carefully designed in order to encourage critical thinking as well as professional growth.  It exceeds my expectations!
trough my time In this course I learned how to use my teaching abilities to help students improve on the way they learn a new foreign language, therefore I recommend this course to anyone who wants to fulfill goals in the teaching career and enhance their skills when teaching.
Truly amazing course. Expecially Dr. Shane Dixon who is an embodiment of what he is teaching throughout the course. I have learned a lot and also enjoyed a lot. Planning to continue with the specialization. Thank you so much, Coursera and Arizona State University! I'm you fan!
I am so glad to attend your program 'Teach English now! Foundational principles Thank you for your hard work. You give me the opportunity to improve teaching and you teach me the necessary skills.                            With sincere, profound gratitude Bubukan Tashmatova.
I highly recommend this course to anyone thinking about or already teaching English as a second/foreign language. I thoroughly enjoyed it! Thank you to ASU for presenting the course in such an interesting fashion and to Coursera for hosting it entirely online for convenience.
I want to thank Coursera and ASU for putting together this wonderful course. The information was so clear and the videos were very engaging. The tasks were challenging and made me analyze my own views on teaching a language. I am looking forward to starting the next course.
It is an excellent course for all of us who are teachers. It is a simple, punctual, exact and assertive course, with a clear language. I am very satisfied after having completed the first part and I am preparing now to begin the second course of the series.  THANKS !!!!!!!
When I started TESOL course, I didn't quite understand this module. Now, I'm almost at the end of part 2 of this course, and finally, I have a better understanding some this foundational principles. It's a great course for anyone who wants to understand basics of pedagogy.
This course gave a great baseline for getting started in TESOL. I learned as much from watching the professor model good teaching as I did from the content of the videos. I highly recommend this course if you are considering teaching English to speakers of other languages.
Thanks ASU for the Certificate and thanks for the tremendous knowledge they share, I am very delighted to learn a lot from you!I have to admit that you have set a great balance between delievering a lot in even very short video lectures! You did a great job! Many thanks..
all the materials are great and the videos are perfect in the terms of being short and efficient .also the fact that they  build a strong community by nudging you toward upload your assignment and review and give comment to your peers makes this course even more special.
Hi, there. I found this "Teach English Now" course on foundation principles to be great in every way. Not only was it enlighting and, full of information but, it also shows how one can become an effective language teacher. Thank you Shane, and, the rest of your team too.
I REALLY love it! Thank you very much! I've never been a part of an online course; this is my first time, and it will never be the last!I LOVE YOU all! VERY VERY interesting, beneficial, well-prepared ... I love everything you delivered! WOW!I'm very happy I got 99! WOW!
This course is really helpful for teachers and persons who would like to start teaching. From my point of view, the best part of the course is summarizing your new knowledge by writing peer-graded assignments. I really enjoyed the course and hope to do the other parts.
I'm grateful for the financial aid I've received to cover this course. It took me one week to literally wolf all the information down. I love the professors and I love the ideas they share. I can't wait to continue this amazing journey to TESOL certification with ASU!
I like to follow the course in which I learn some methods of language learning that I should apply in my classroom and for me myself. In this course I also learn how to have a sense of control and how to have a fun classroom teaching without being burn out. Thank you.
Great way to introduce us to the joy of Teaching English. It explains many resources to get an idea of how could you do it the right way on Teaching English, tips and advices and the best techniques for learning and acquiring English as a foreign or second language.
Excellent! I enjoyed leaning this course.It helped me to recollect my teaching experiences into the theories taught by my instructors of the Teach English Now; and share experiences of the teachers from the global society of education who participated in the course.
This is a fantastic course! This course teaches you the practical things that you need to know to become a successful ESL teacher. This is a well thought out course, has a very scientific approach towards learning and the teachers are very dedicated and passionate.
I love this course because it is well conceived with lots of didactic strategies. The metaphors are great, but the vivid example of Shane Dixon is enlightening, just as a candle. This course was my anti-depressive pill through a great family problem. Thanks a lot!
I really enjoyed course 1, it was easy to understand and follow! I only wish that I could get my papers scored faster so it shows as complete.... still I can work at my own pace (fast) and earn my certificate so I can get to the good stuff... working as a teacher!
I have watched all the videos and read all the articles in this course carefully and loved the teachings here. Thanks for providing the excellent online program! I believe that this certificate program can help me become a better language teacher and researcher.
I was VERY happy to be a student of this course, because to study for getting TESOL was my long-term dream. I never thought that it will be possible in my life and, especially, in my provincial town.  But with coursera this miracle has happen! Thank you so much!
Most amazing and enjoyable course. I'm very thankful, appreciating the efforts done to perform this course and the information given in a very lovely, motivating and fluently way. Thanks again, deciding to be with you for the next coming courses.sincerely Malak
Hello, Thank you so much for offering this amazing course. I have learned a lot during this course and I would highly recommend it to all the new language learners and teachers .  I am also very much thankful to Dr Shane Dixon and mam Andrea Haraway. Good luck
Shane is such a great teacher. I have learned a lot from him during this module and I can already apply all the techniques in the classroom and also while advising  the teachers of the school I am a assistant coordinator at. Thank you, Shane, Coursera and ASU!
I learned so much. It was more than what i expected. The courses are well organised and informative. I love the videos and the fact that there is a summary at the end of each module. Also, Taking several quizzes help you retain what you learned. I loved it!
an amazing course,I'm an English teacher and I've got a lot of useful teaching ideas I've already  applied some techniques that i took in this course and , teachers in the course have the ability to deliver the information in an easy and a professional way.
I love this course! Great videos and guided metaphors to understand the foundation principles of teaching. I had attended a traditional master course in language teaching, yet it's at ASU Tesol via Coursera I learned and understand the subject content more.
It was without a doubt the best course I ever took! The course was very well prepared and thought out by everyone involved. All the classes are amazing! I am sure it will be a knowledge that I will take into my professional life. I thank everyone involved!
I love the course. It is very easy to understand. Dr Shane Dixon is a great teacher (actor). How he presents the content is very memorable. I wish when I was doing my BA in education I had learnt all this. I am very lucky to have found this useful courses.
I was an ESL teacher about three decades ago and at the time we used a methodology that by today's standards; this course has in fact, explained in a methodical and very professional way the modern process to teach Englsih as a foreign language, great job!
Hello, I felt that everything I knew because I am smart...Nooo, honestly every topic, explanation, and reading material were so clearly not only to answer test questions but also to learn new themes and practice in our daily classes. This course is great!
I have never seen a good online planned lesson like this before.There are many TESOL Platform but this one from ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY, through Coursera.com platform ,is the best ever.Everyone with dream of becoming a teacher should attend this program.
It was interesting and fun! I like Dr Shane's presentation method to draw the attention of learners. He articulate and express really well! They kept each lesson short and simple so that we don't lose our interest or focus. Had a really fun time learning!
This course has given me an incredible opportunity to become a better teacher underlining what is a crucial difference between learning and acquisition. It definitely shows the most important principles according to the most effective teaching techniques.
This is an excellent course that inspires thought about who you are (or want to be) as a teacher, fundamental teaching techniques and how your students might feel as language learners. Great metaphors and succinct but helpful videos. I loved this course.
I am glad to take part in this wonderful course and I have learnt new techniques for teaching and got some inspiration for continuing to work in my profession and of course I want to continue studying and want to take part in other parts of this course.
Absolutely amazing course for building the Foundation Principles. The teachers are extremely helpful and teach the course in the most effective and fun way. Arizona State University have taken a great initiative by starting the Teach English Now course.
Getting so much out of these courses.  I usually lose my motivation for on-line learning after the first couple of weeks, or when my schedule starts to get in the way.  But I MAKE time for this course.  Thank you for your creativity and succinct videos.
Thanks to the team for the interesting and useful course. I really enjoyed taking this course, as it is filled with motivation and practical tips. I strongly recommend everyone to take this course, which will help both in learning and teaching English.
This course is full of insight! I like how creative the lessons are presented especially the metaphors...I have so many new insights... and I like it because it's research-based! Thank you very much for an excellent job! I'm so grateful to all of you!
The best course I have ever taken in my life. Because I learned how to learn in English through all years of my life, but no one has taught me how to teach in a proper way and teach in different ways. this course helped me to make my dreams come true.
Very useful and very informative.  I have applied the techniques and other information that is applicable to my students and its outcome is really fantastic!  All the best Arizona State University, I can't thank you enough for giving me financial aid!
I just loved it was so good and effective. I have always loved training or teaching but realized how we can use techniques to do so. I also learned how important it is  to share the work load to avoid burn out. Thanks you so much it was just worth it.
I found the Foundational Principles course to be fun as well as instructive.  I love the writing assignments as they are quite thought provoking.  Having the assignments "peer graded" put me in touch with learners from all over the world...very cool!
This is absolutely a wonderful course, fun and informative. I look forward to each week because I know that I will receive a wealth of valuable instruction, that will serve me so well as a future ESL teacher. I am thrilled to have found this course!
Thank you indeed. I am going through the whole three courses of TEN! for the second time before moving onto Capstone project and still can find new ideas and I am kept motivated. I have learnt more from your courses than in five years at university.
I am very glad of having the opportunity to take this module, Dr. Shane and his colleagues were wonderful. I was very delighted with the explanations and finally I am processing all that information to apply it in future classes.Thank you very much.
Great course. Leaned a lot and have a lot of fun. Enjoy it a lot. Dr. Shane Dixon is truly five star teacher. His performance makes this course easy to learn. All the characters he played make the boring language theories live.  Thank you very much!
this course reminded me of the importance in encourage the students in learning english in an interactive and motivated way letting them take control in their learning as well as the teacher in order to create the best astmosphere for the students!
I am very grateful for creating this course. It helped me to broaden my understanding of teaching process, to find out new techniques and methods and to get inspiration and motivation. I can't wait getting my students "out of the classroom door":)
I had taken several courses on the basic principles of English language teaching. Foundatioinal Principles made clear a lot of concepts I had only partly understood in the past. I can recommend this course to both novice and experienced teachers.
I highly recommend this amazing course which is part of a four part series for Tesol certificate. It is full of great information and I learnt so much. All the videos and information is so professional and the tutors fantastic. Thank you so much.
While a bit easy (I mean it's an intro and material is peer-reviewed, not graded by professors), it is very informative and captivating. A lot of fun to interact with others and be introduced in an easy way to quite serious and complex material.
All is excelent ! All matherial  help us understand foundation principles for tought in cllass! Thank for this shans AZU! Thank all people who involwed in this process!! Becouse all matherial create for understand and use in real life!Thank you!
I loved all the lessons and quizzes. Amazing teachers and great perspective. I never thought my online learning experience is going to be so good. Dr. Shane you are GEM! Would love to meet you one day face to face. My experience was fantastic!!!
I have learned a lot from this course even I have taken the TEFL  from USA .the teachers and the teaching methods in this course are so good .i have learned many teaching techniques from the teachers than the material it self specially DR.shwan
I couldn't rest until I completed this course! It was that good. I highly recommend it to TESL teachers. Thank you to the team of wonderful lecturers who took me on this wonderful journey of learning, relearning, unlearning and learning again!
Great course content, professors and videos. The tests were also very objective and I liked the fact that there were many of them, as online students we do need lots of feedback and the tests provided that. Thanks, I really enjoyed the course.
I learned so much in a short period of time, but never felt rushed or overwhelmed. Each week had just the right amount of information. I had to work ahead for the last few weeks because of being away for a week in college, but it was doable!
It is a really great and useful course, what I have got from this course haven't got from any courses yet. This is an absolutely encouraging and motivational course ever I took.I am thankful to all teaching staffs specially Dr. Shane Dixon
It's very interesting, brief and exciting for beginners and encourage them to develop themselves in teaching. The instructors are amazing. They present things in an exciting way. Actually, I rarely got bored while listening to any of them.
I am so impressed with the quality of style and content that this course was presented.  I could see careful forethought, planning and execution of an online course that was a joy for me to be a part of.  I totally recommend this course!
Although I have taught english to non-english speaking people for many years as a way to earn extra money as I traveled to foreign countries, this course has given me added information and value as I go forward to practice in this field
What I love about this course is that it sets the foundations for reflective teaching while it introduces the topics for language learning and language acquisition. I'm looking forward to continuing with the rest of the specializations.
Through this course I was able to find the mistakes I used to do while teaching. It was even fun learning. The research that was done by the team is appreciable and that has supported us to learn better. Thank You for wonderful course.
This course greatly assisted me in building on some information that I had already know.  It broaden my perspective and developed my skills on going about to be a better language teacher in the future.  I highly recommend this course.
Thank you for such an interesting course I was really enjoying every lesson. Given comparisons: language as a cake or fire or camera are very  useful for me as the teacher. Hope the next courses will be as exciting as previously were.
I have really like this course . Quite useful for educators . I have come across with new concept which i have  got to know for the very first time and i am going to apply it in my teaching techniques . Thank you so much . - Tabassum
Wow! I was really impressed with the instructors of this course. They are truly experts on this area of specialization. The course really helps me to understand deeply my significant role as a language teacher. Thanks a million, ASU!
I really enjoyed this course. The only thing is that mostly answering essential questions people do "paperwork" I felt like i was the only one doing videos, was hoping to see people expressing their opinions... But sill it was great.
Excellent course! It really surprised me how easy it was to understand all the concepts show, and yet all these concepts are really useful. As someone that loves education, these is a really good introduction into the teaching world.
This is an excellent course. It has been designed accurately for professionals who want to get the ESL  Teaching Certificate. I enjoyed learning about the language foundational principles lectures, theories, teaching techniques, etc.
I have enjoyed this course very much. It added a lot to me. I was very involved and I didn't lose my interest and this means a lot to me. I would love to thank each and every person who prepared this material. It was a great course.
Detailed information in lessons is summarized by wonderful use of metaphors by efficient teachers. I really recommend this course who are interested. Well structured lessons and assignments are very helpful in acquiring the concept.
The best Teacher's Course I've ever seen! Prof.Dixon literally radiates energy, contentment, and inspiration - I felt so much inspiration and eagerness I never had before!Enroll, and you would never regret. Not a second, believe me.
hello my name is Muhammed Azzouz ı am happy that i have compleated the first level in this course .This course was exciting.
This is a very useful course as I begin my studies to prepare to teach English abroad.
thanks my teachers.
I learned a lot. This course is definitely recommended to anyone interested in teaching ESL or just learning about the English language. Even with no teaching or any prior experience, this would still be easy enough to understand!
This course was very ueful and insightful. Very early on into the course I realised that this is very useful not only for teaching English but for teaching in general as the skills learnt in this course can be applied to other are
My name is Erik Ramirez from Guatemala. I really enjoyed this fantastic program. I liked the fact that you not only get the theory but also can apply it in your classrooms obtaining great results. I highly recommend this program.
this course helped a lot of principles that will help me be a professional teacher in the near future. moreover, it helped me to put my self in the student shoe, and how to deal with the different problems teachers usually face.
Great course for the present or teachers to be. Valuable both practical and theoretical parts of the course.  A source for a teacher to re-evaluate himself and possibly change or revise his/her approaches to teaching a language.
This is a great introductory course.  It includes a good amount of information that is explained in ways that are easy to understand and remember.  I look forward to continuing this course and earning my certificate.  Thank you!
The course is so latest,i have enjoyed it so much.Am waiting for the TESOL Certificate 2 course in order to get my certificate which will enable me to add my career.Thank you COURSERA TEAM and all Lectures for good organization.
I learned so much so quickly!  I am more of a visual learner, so I'm so grateful for the captions.  I listened to the videos then was able to go back and re-read everything and really acquire the knowledge.  Beats taking notes!
Hi! Thanks so much for having this course for free, that gives me an idea if I actually want to pay for it or not.  The teachers are really great.  I hope to join this course again as soon as I can pay for it! Great job guys!!!
I am not use to taking online courses but what I love about this corse is the way they explain the information and the way they allow you to submit your assignment. I recommend this course to anyone seeking a TESOL Certificate
Very well organized.  Video lectures are clear and build on previous lessons.  It's obvious that this course was developed with the learner very much in mind.  Great way to show teachers (who are their students) how to teach.
It is a great luck and happiness to be educated by Arizona State University's respected and wonderful instructors. It was a great course and I am very happy that I finished it successfully. I am very grateful to instructors.
thanks for such opportunity. I am from Iran and we rarely have a chance to educate in world good universities because of world inequality about Iranian people.  and now i am so happy to take such a course free. thanks again.
Foundational principles are very useful for me. By using these teaching methods, I improve my teaching skills. So I like this course very much and I want to attend educational teaching methods training courses more and more.
This was a great overview to teaching English. It suggested a few teaching techniques and showed how being flexible in your teaching style can help. Overall, great introduction. I can't wait to see the next class in this Tea
I learned a lot from this course because it is very well presented. You can tell that the instructors are enjoying what they are doing. I learned a lot from this course. Keep up the good work and more success to this course!
Great course! I am already an ESL Teacher in South Korea and this course helped me understand the core principles behind teaching ESL in a much deeper way. Loved the professors too! Dr. Shane Dixon is engaging and thorough.
This is my first couse finished on Coursera. I learned a lot, thanks very much! And I really love the style and content of Dr. Shane's teaching. Thank you Dr. Shane！！！I want to buy your books and continue studying from you!
I really like this series.  It was extremely information, and great as a review.  I an supposed to be able to teach second language learners according to me credential, but I don't know.  This makes me feel better prepared.
I love this course! Wanted to say Thank you to our teachers of this course! Something i already knew and something was really interesting and new for me :) Nice course and Awesome (with the capital A, of course) teachers :)
I learn so many things in this first part of Teaching english now course.There was so many things i was missing in my teaching experience now its clear in my mind Thanks Coursera & Arizona for this amazing course series :)
Awesome  and  useful  course!  Amazing  teachers, interesting  studying  and  great  assignments!  I  really  recommend  this  course  who  is  going  to  teach  English  as  The  Second  Language in  the  nearest  future!
Awesome course. I have learnt a lot from this course. I say big thank you to Arizona State University, the professors and coursera for providing the platform for us learn these great principles for teaching a new language.
Very informative.  Although an introductory course, this program was full of teaching techniques and principals that every prospective and current teacher should acquire and implement in to their own lesson plan and style.
I am very glad that I was able to finish this course. It will definitely help me a lot when teaching English to my learners here in Japan. I aim to acquire the TESOL Certificate so I'll do my very best! Thank you so much!
The People Teaching this course are the best and they have so much life and show  a good interest, they actually teach and they make the course enjoyable and by so doing i was able to pass all my quizzes and assignments.
I enjoyed how they showed examples and explained in detail teaching techniques. I am very excited to continue exploring these tactics and reaching out to students to be able to teach them in the best possible way I can.
A lot of things said in this course are common sense but they are said in a way that helps a teacher find his own teaching philosophy and the best way to approach teaching. It is very good and I definitely recommend it!
This great course gave me a vast host of knowledge on teaching in general that I have ever thought of before. I want to thankfully send my wishes for all members in the team that worked hard to bring this course to us.
I finished my first course with ASU Teach English Now! I am glad I decided to take this course. It really helped me understand the basics of teaching and learn new techniques I can definitely use in my own classroom.
Hello All, I enjoyed this course a lot. I looked forward to the use of metaphors and the stories shared while learning about the fundamentals of teaching English. I look forward to the rest of the courses. Thank you.
I was really helpful to understand what's important to be a good teacher in many ways. I've learned some efficient strategies and gained some great ideas from other resourceful teaches. Thank you for the opportunity.
Great techniques, great videos, great content and great instructors. It was a pleasure to do this course. Thank you Coursea and Arizona State University. And of course, thank you Mr Dixon, Mr Shewell and Mrs Haraway!
I thank everyone so much for developing this specialisation. The courses are well designed and contain information that really improves the techniques and increases the efficiency of teachers. I am learning a lot. :)
This is a great course, easy to understand and provided me the willigness to keep taking the coming courses. I like the peer-reviewed assigment, which allows us to get in contact with people from all over the world.
I'm grateful for this refresher course. It helped me reflect on my teaching journey. Kudos to the teachers who made the lessons fun, interesting, and easy to follow. You inspire me to continue to do my best. Cheers!
I really enjoyed this course. The video lessons were very interesting, and at times quite humorous, which made the content quite clear and easy to understand.  I am highly satisfied with the knowledge that I gained.
The teachers are clear and offer insight into the correct way students should be learning language. The essential questions offer a great way to stimulate critical thought and helps in the digestion of the material.
Although I have read many articles, books, and papers, I learned a lot of new, practical information which has widen my understanding and knowledge of teaching and learning a language.For these, I am very grateful!
Great course! Great instructors! Great teachers and content. I strongly recommend to green horn teachers as well as experienced teachers. Thanks for this course! I will finish this specialization even both parts)))
Thank you for creating the course! It must have cost you a lot of effort and I really appreciate it. Thank you for all the wonderful and shrewd metaphors that helped me visualise certain problems. You are great :-)
It is a great course .Thanks to all the instructors ,but please I have the same problem with my  grading of assignment Peer Review -Week 5.I am still waiting for my grading ,although I completed it all . Hassan Ali
I really enjoyed this course. I have read almost all the contents elsewhere, but the selection was good and I think those who have not taken or studied any language teaching courses would benefit the most from it.
Video presenters did a great job and I only saw one error in all of the text that accompanied the video which is a HUGE improvement over the other courses I recently did which had edit errors in almost every week.
So far, I have finished most of the first of the courses.  I have fully enjoyed it.  The only issue so far is that there are not always enough peer responses to respond to when I am finished and ready  to move on.
A good introductory course for those who had never had anything to do with teaching might be too easy for those who are familiar with teaching in general.  But, for those new to ESL, it is a perfect introduction.
thanks to coursera  for giving a chance to us having TESOL courses and thanks for Arizona State University for sharing amazing content with us. It was a perfect experience to meet with you through online lessons.
Very informational. I really learnt a lot from this course and definitely recommend it to everyone who is teaching. Not necessarily English, but if you teach music, maths, etc... this can be a very useful course.
Great!Thank you for creating such educational platform which is accessible in every part of the world!Another gratitude to the course tutors and creative team! Well done!I feel I am a part of network of teachers!
So remarkable ! This is a great avenue for learning . This has whetted my appetite in teaching English  with foundational principles that would definitely hone my skills as a teacher in person and in profession.
A very helpful and useful and completely support you to start teaching career and contain a lot of effective ideas I would like to thank anyone  participated in this course to provide this extra ordinary service
This was an excellent introduction to pedagogical and practical aspects of teaching English as a second language. Dr. Shane is funny and straight-forward, and the program is well paced and organized. Thank you!
Its a really helpful course, it begins basic but its necessary to review those concepts. They make the work easy, light and specially fun. thank you very much for the material y the special way you transmitted.
The course provides clear and easy to understand foundations of becoming an English instructor.  While some sections could use a little more expanding, it is possible those sections are saved for later classes.
It's  a wonderful journey of learning  through beautiful parks , along the river banks ....We will reach destination without sweating and getting tired on the contrary , enjoying ourselves each and every steps.
It was a great review for what I had learned at CELTA course.  It was a bit too easy for me, but if you are thinking about teaching, it will be a good opportunity to know what teaching is.  Thank you very much!
The teacher is great! One of those that you remember for life. As much as I thought I would feel dragged through the content of this, I am actually really enjoying the content thanks to how good the teacher is.
This course was an amazing experience, It was designed to be easy to understand and apply. I highly recommend this course to any person looking for the necessary knowledge to become a teacher to do this course.
Thank you very much for the great course! It was very interesting and useful. Teachers were excellent! I enjoyed every second of the videos. I would highly recommend it to those who are going to teach English.
Upon completing the course: Teach English Now! Foundational Principles, the lessons were precise and insightful which enhanced my four years experiences in teaching English Now! in Shanghai, China.  Thank you.
Dear Teachers! Thank you for introducing us to the Foundational Principles of language acquisition! They were served by you in a very nice, clear, and detailed practical way. Tasted good!)) And we want more!)
Thank you for this course. It really enlightened and opened my mind. I used to think teaching English was as simple as going to a classroom with a book but this course showed me that it's much more than that.
Really interesting and significant course to all teachers of English. Thanks a lot to all my professors: Dr. Shane Dixon, Dr. Justin Shewell and Andrea Haraway, who are always creative and extremely engaging.
Taking this course was an amazing experience. I have learnt some new and innovative teaching techniques. Looking forward to the next courses and hope to learn some more useful language teaching ways.Thank you
The amazing experience of learning TESOL (Teach English Now). The way our teachers are delivering their knowledge is absolutely mind-blowing. Coursera portal is really awesome and userfriendly, unlike others.
This course provides some fundational principles in teaching English. It is inspiring and useful. And it makes me want to learn more about detailed principles or theories about language learning and teaching.
Great course! It is entertaining and packed with information. It is easy to watch as the teachers took their time to design a course full of visual material, fun representations and great lectures. Thank you!
Excellent course.  I highly recommend it.  The presentations are great, the presenters are engaging and it is well thought out and interesting.  I only audited it but it was fantastic and I really enjoyed it.
I learnt a lot of things from the Teach English Now course. Thanks a lot our this course teachers. Dr.Shane thank you for your interesting videos too. Everything explaned in a easy way all are understandble.
A great class: I had the chance to explore the different techniques and methods to teach English and get a glimpse on the subject. I highly recommend this class to anyone starting out with language teaching.
it is designed brillantly.Top-notch teachers. everythis is clear and comprehensive,interstinand amazing tasks that make students think and express their own opinions.-thus invite to apply critical thinking.!
I really like the method on how you teach the course. It is engaging to learners and I am always excited to watch the videos because it is interesting and not boring. Thank you so much for this opportunity.
I thoroughly enjoyed the course. The information is very much applicable to real teaching situations and I found it indispensable. I thought it was also presented in a memorable way. Much thanks Dr Nixon :)
Teach English Now! Foundational Principles start students interested in teaching English on the road to a successful career.  The format is easy to follow with quick written and multiple-choice assessments.
Great, interesting course. All videos produced on the high level, definitely, by professional language teachers. I will suggest this course to my friends! I have learned a lot of new and useful information.
I was very lucky to join this course and the rest to capstone1. I'm waiting eagerly to complete the second part of the Teaching English Now!. So I advice whoever wants to join it not to hesitate and go on.
I'm starting the 4th module and I feel great with this course, that force me to insight every single technique not only for my teaching develop, also for myself and the way I face my own learning.Congrats!
Very profound facts and statements of why to teach a certain way or why not, it broadens the teaching techniques and opens our eyes to new forms we haven't consider before. Excellent content and method!!!
I begin this course as a tool for a new work opportunity, but it was much better than I expected to be! Enriched so much my teaching experience, not only teaching language but music, and sound. Thank you!
A really good course for TESOL teachers. The team provides many interesting metaphors concerning English language teaching that are relevant and helpful. The course is light, fun and full of good content.
This course is superb! I love its content. The metaphors are so strong, and they inculcate the basic teaching principles in mind. The course has incredibly widened my knowledge of teaching. Thanks a lot.
It is a great course for ESL teachers, I reach english online in Russia, in english school. This course helps me to organise all my knowledge and revise everything I know. The teachers are great as well!
This is such an excellent course. I've already learned so much but it's been completely painless!  I can't wait to continue!  Thank you for putting this together in such a memorable and entertaining way!
The course provides essential and relevant information and good techniques and tips and examples. The teaching method is vivid and impressive. Thank you for making this course. I can learn a lot from it.
I learned a lot through this course. A special thanks to all the teachers, definitely Dr. Shane Dixon. It was one of my dreams to study this course. So many thanks from an Iranian girl living in Turkey.
such an amazing course to get started with am currently an EFL teacher here in Mexico am willing to get m TESOL from ASU THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR ALL THE SUPPORT I WILL RECOMMEND THIS COURSE 100 percent...
This course gives information in very comprehensive bits. They are perfect and very logical. Visual aids make education extremely comfortable. And the format is also very convenient. I am very thankful.
This course has been very helpful in learning new language learning strategies and also new language teaching methods. Again interacting with other professionasl add more to my experience as a teacher.
Thanks Coursera and ASU for this useful course! I'm really glad to have participated in it! This is only the first step to my TESOL certificate, but I want more and want to go ahead! Best regards, Ilya
Wonderful course! I learned more foundational principles of language teaching and also language learning. Thank you the instructors who make this course meaningful and motivate me to learn continually!
Really instructive. At first I thought it might be a bit difficult for me since I've not studied anything related to teaching, but it is well organized so that you can follow it easily. Very advisable.
I was very happy with the way the course was organised, the materials it used and the assignments and tests that were expected. I would recommend this course to people interested in teaching English.
My writing skills were honed in answering the peer-graded assignments, and my classmates are actively participating as well. Similar to the first, I learned a lot from you! Thank you very much, ASU!
I really enjoyed learning the foundation of teaching English. I'm impressed that this course taught me not only about how to deal with language learners but also how to keep motivation as a teacher.
Great course. For me it became clearer how to teach and improve my teaching skills. Dr. Shane Dixon really encourages his stidents. Highly recommend the course who is interested in English teaching.
Very well structured, high quality content and meaningful testing! This course really sets an example. Amazing teachers and producers, it is a pleasure to be one of your students! Thank you so much
This course and all the materials included in it are awesome! I have learned so much from the videos by Dr. Dixon, who has provided me with a lot of input for research! I'm glad I could finish it!
Thank you very much for this course and brilliant teachers! This is a very useful course as I start  my studies to prepare to work in New Zealand.  I look forward to the next course in the series.
Excellent introduction to the main theory of language acquisition, good learning practices, and a very important thing: the theme about avoiding teacher burn out, which normally is underestimated.
I have always wanted to study TESOL. I honestly find this course a great hand of help. It leads me through the process of understanding the fundamentals of the learning and acquisition processes.
I really enjoyed watching the videos presented in every module. I learned a lot from the different discussions which I can use in my teaching career. I am very grateful learning through Coursera.
that course is incredible! Light, funny, engaging, motivating! I enjoyed every task and video! I would like to thank the creators of that course for making it understandable for the listeners!!!
An absolutely unique experience of real acquiring of knowledges about teaching English. Thank you, Dr. Shane Dixon, I really love your teacher talk and articulation, you are a real professional.
Awesome instruction. Very helpful and informative. The teachers are very enthusiastic and seem to have a broad understanding of what it takes to be successful in TESOL strategies and techniques.
It was great!The teachers are very enthusiastic and the choice of contents was very well made. I have recommended this series of courses to a couple friends. Hope they enjoy it as much as I did.
This course is light, easy to learn and to digest information. I can apply a lot of teaching techniques from this course! Thank you very much, teachers from ASU and facilitators for this course!
Teach English Now! Foundational principles is an easy, understandable and almost intuitive first step towards a TESOL certificate. The course professors seem to be genuinely enthusiastic people.
What a wonderful course! The most complete, professional course i've ever seen! If you are looking for something that would make you get ready to work better, this course is definetely for you!
The course has been presented in a very professional way which makes it more informative in terms of content and form. Thanks a lot for the simple clarifications and  the flexibility of course.
I really enjoyed the class and learned a lot. It was very helpful to have instructors who were so enthusiastic and passionate about the subject. I can tell I've already become a better teacher.
That was an awesome course which was represented greatly by an amazing professionals . Special thanks to Dr. Shane Dixon and see you soon in the reset of the courses of the TESOL socialization.
You have learned a lot of skills, the most important of which is knowledge acquisition, and the teacher must be representative but not representative and the teacher must not burn and continue
I appreciate this foundational  principles which open my mind to get the best from the learners by given them a functional right in the classroom which makes learning more FUN and interactive.
This was a great introduction/review for teachers of English as a foreign language. The teachers have done a great job making this an engaging, interactive online course. Definitely recommend!
The course material is excellent. I never thought that teaching language had a scientific approach. The idea's discussed are truly revolutionary. The concepts are explained with good examples.
This was a great refresher! I really enjoyed the process and it was well done. The information was not too much and there were many tools to help me understand, digest and assess the material.
Shane Dixon is for much the best professor I've seen on Coursera I love how the Arizona State University engages in creating an interesting courses and permit to truly learn a new competence.
I have found the course really insightful.I got familiar with new methods and techniques to teach English from this platform.Thank you instructor for conducting such kind of brilliant course.
Utterly useful, inspiring and fully detailed. So very clever to include a module on how to avoid teacher burnout. The i + 1 approach was simply amazing and gave me food for thought. Brilliant
I loved returning each week to the videos, the assignments, and interacting with classmates from around the world.  This class has been one of the very best that I've taken.  On to course #2!
Amazingly applicable, hints and knowledge I got on a course are easy to use and implement. The educators are inspiring and they use the techniques they are teaching so the effects are clear.
It's really well made. I love the graphics and how the main speaker is so engaging. His energy makes me want to learn more. That's the type of environment I'd like to create for my students.
This course is super-cool. I am really grateful to all teachers. They have given me essential information which has completely changed my mind concerning  teaching. Thank you very-very much!
Great intro to how to teach and what it makes it to learn.  I started using what I have been learning here right away in my ESL teaching practice.  Great job.  I highly recommend the course.
thank you so so much for all the help and care you provided. it is a wonderful thing to give a hand to people who are interested in the field of teaching. God bless you all and protect you.
The content is accurate, engaging, and promotes course takers' critical thinking in different moments. Congratulations for making English teaching such an interesting path in which to walk!
This was a great introduction into the principles of language learning and several strong techniques that can be utilized to be the best instructor possible. Thoroughly enjoyed this course!
Thanks for the tutors. They also use the technique in the course to teach us. thanks for the feedback from the classmates. I can learn from their point. Great course. I will keep learning.
The only problem is that if no one has kept up with your pace, you are not able to be autonomous in the completion of your studies.  This feature should be waivered if no one is available.
This was an outstanding introduction to teaching English, but as a practicing teacher of a different subject, I found it helpful for teaching any subject. I strongly recommend this course!
This course is more than helpful for any future teacher or teacher who teaches. This course make you realize all those things you still can do to improve your teaching. Highly recommended.
It's good way to learn the principles of teaching English. As an English Language Teaching student, it helps me a lot in my classes. With spaced repetition, I can also recall information.
The amount of new things and information I have learned from only part 1 is indescribable !! I totally lovvveeed it and I definitely am looking forward to taking the remaining 3 parts ^_^
In a word, Excellent!  Exceeded my expectations in teaching, videos, and loved the peer interaction.  Quality course and would highly recommend to others.  Thank you to everyone involved.
The organisation,technicallities ,contents and most importantly,the instructors were awesome.They were armed to the teeth and taught the course with undimming passion.Thank you very much.
Very well structured, and Dr. Shane does a great job explaining all the strategies and concepts key to language teachers and students. Everybody involved did an excellent job. I loved it!
As a Foundations Course it is excellent, allowing giving a good introduction that is not difficult, allowing you to decide whether you want to continue with the rest of the certification.
Many thanks to the teachers for such an interesting course. Everything was very clear and fun. I literally lit a fire in myself that will light the way for my students.  (Polina. Russia)
Honestly, Dr. Shane Dixon is an amazing teacher and I know he couldn't have done it without his team. They all did a wonderful job teaching this course! I cannot wait for the second one.
I just finished the first of of ASU's TESOL Certification Program! I am looking forward to finishing all of the courses and the capstone projects! Thank you to my amazing instructors! =)
It has been really beneficial and I have learned a lot of techniques that I will be able to use with my students in the classroom. The lecturers have been really energetic and inspiring.
I enjoyed taking this course. It was my first experience with an online course and it went smoothly. I am looking forward to completing all levels in order to get my TESOL certification.
A well-designed and relevant course for any teacher out there trying to make sense of the amazing, yet challenging, tasks that lie ahead, every day, in our classrooms. Thank you so much.
I am completely amazed ! I love the course structure, speakers are amazing and given information is sooooo useful! God bless teachers heart !!! I am so ready to start the second course !
Really , it was a pleasure to take this course. It totally changed a lot of my believes and thoughts. and  very special thanks to Dr. Dixon he is really a talented teacher and instructor
Love the pace of the course. The short videos. The summary.The essential question is the best part of the course triggering the need for getting deeper into analyzing what I am learning.
Easy to understand, follow and complete. Insightful subjects and great explanations and examples in each module. Thank you for a lovely learning experience. I look forward to then next.
I would like to thanks all the teachers who presented this amazing course. I have learned a lot from you, and honestly, I will apply those techniques and methods in my future classroom.
It is a great course with a lot of useful information. It helps to understand the basic language teaching principles and how to avoid things like teaching burnout or loss of motivation.
before taking the final assignment I re-watched, reread and I wrote everything again since it is my first time I enjoy such a wonderful, beneficial and nailed course. thank you so much
If you want to learn how to teach effectively, this is a great option for you. Dr. Dixon is a great guide, and also all of the team makes a great work together. Incredible opportunity.
Going through this course has been a wonderful experience. I really do appreciate all the tutors and all those who endeavored to make it a success. We love you all at Coursera and ASU!
The course was great. It made me think about what it could be like to be a language teacher and what the role entails. It made me think about deciding to be a language teacher as well.
I really enjoyed ASU's videos. With lots of tools, metaphors, examples on how to see English's teaching from the point of view of a student, teachers, and experts. Highly recommended.
This was well developed and exceptionally taught. I've completed a master degree in education, and this is comparably well suited to those who need the basics in a well-explained way.
Thank you for this amazing course! It's the best experience I've ever had with Coursera. I really got positive vibes from professors and learnt a lot of new stuff, that made me think!
Thanks for this course. It opens my mind that how to be an eligible English teacher and makes me realize what detours I have experienced while learning English. It is worthy learning.
It's so great course,thank you so much. I don't know,what and why I was studying at University before,but it was so far from real knowledge,understanding and motivation that you give.
Your way of teaching was so understandable/clear that by listening you not only did I improve my teaching techniques but also listeting, thank you I was truly inspired and motivated!
I loved how these foundational principles were taught using a series of metaphors that made the information easy to retain and remember! Interesting and engaging foundational course.
Now, I know what to aim at when learning a new language, as a student. And, what to differentiate in teaching methods, as a teacher. It's such a great kick off in this series by ASU!
An excellent course with the most necessary skills for starting teaching a language. This course helps to scrutinize common assumptions and teach 7 basic language learning paradigms.
This is a great course. I had such an amazing time learning with Dr. Dixon and Dr. Haraway. Thank you so much for broadening my concepts over the process of acquiring a new language.
it's very useful and good for every teacher. There are lots of things to learn from TESOL course. The educators was very good. thanks a lot all your team. i got many good techniques.
This course is very well put together. The instructors are engaging and entertaining. I learned a lot and would definitely recommend this course to anyone who wants to teach English.
I love the content the teachers provided, and i admire the passion the teachers put into it. i did learn a lot from those two teachers, especially from Dr. Shane Dixon. Thanks a lot!
I am very thankful for having this opportunity to be able to form part of this great team of people who made this possible for me to complete. Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
I do not regret taking this course. Although I was reluctant when I first saw the course, I took it nonetheless and I am glad I did. I think this is worth my time for a free course.
I loved the course, it’s super motivational and makes you want to be a teacher! Also teaches you how to not get tired of teaching, which is great to maintain a good teachers essence
The information is short, and to the point. I learned quite a bit and they provide good jumping off points for further study and learning.  The presentations are easy to understand.
Fantastic Course Structure. I have started using the methodologies in teaching not just English but German as well.Teachers are awesome and their delivery of the course is flawless.
I tried a few different TESOL courses from different universities, and this one is the best. I like the informal style of the lessons - it was fun, yet very helpful and informative.
I really enjoy this course. It is amazing, the content is perfect. I am looking forward to this course series take me farther into language learning teaching techniques. Thank you.
Whether you are a neophyte or a veteran English language teacher, this course is for you!It has a lot in it and the videos are just absolutely full of information and fun to watch.
I need to say thank you to give me a good chance to learn and improve my teaching skills to get a good job by Financial Aids,Thank you for everyone who gives to takes.Warm regards,
Teach English Now! Foundational Principles is a great course for ESL teachers who are seeking to improve and expand their ways to teach. I am looking forward to do the second part.
Super helpful to gain a foundation in teaching and teaching methods.  I'm taking this for the TESOL certificate and I look forward to the rest of the courses in the specialization.
Awesome experience and needy foundational principles for every teacher before kicking off his career. I like soo much the effort exerted on the course and the way it was presented.
The course was very useful and informative.l learned a lot about teaching. Coursera  offers online courses it  made life at work easier. overall it's a pleasant experience so far.
Content has been really helpful in making me see the bigger picture about what Language Teaching really is. It has broaden my perspective about teaching itself. Highly recommended
AMAZING COURSE SO FAR...EVEN THOUGH I AM CURRENTLY AN EXPAT IN CHINA TEACHING AT A UNIVERSITY IN CHINA....CONTINUED LEARNING IS AN ESSENTIAL PART OF BEING A WELL ROUNDED EDUCATOR.
Really fruitful teaching techniques are being  used in this courses. Thanks to the course presenters for allocating a lot of effort and time to provide us with a unique experience
An outstanding course structure that enables you with all the fused materials, presentations and information to learn and plan effectively as well to improve your academic level.
The kind course is very informative and entertaining. At some point I forget that I am learning and it feels like I am watching an interesting docuseries. That is how good it is.
I really like the way the instructors teach, deliver and discuss the lessons, it helped me learn while having fun listening and taking notes of the discussion. Thank you. Kudos!
It's been areally graet journey during this course!I really liked the using of a metaphor in each week, I just hope to avoid a written material so we can print it out and study.
Thank you so much for this course. I enjoyed it a lot. It was one of my dreams to take TESOL course and I found it here. The teachers are amazing. Thanks for your great efforts.
Wonderful and amazing course provided by ASU. I highly recommend this for any teacher of ESL or TEFL or CELTA. What a beautiful MOOC. Well done. Great content. Amazing teachers!
I love it. It generates a lot of research topic idea and presented well. Organization of lesson summary in each lesson is excellent. Can't wait to study the next course by ASU.
My wife has been a school teacher for almost 20 years.  She wishes her university program had covered burnout, just one of the interesting foundation principles in this course.
this is really incredible course I was delighted to join and  learn so much  methods techniques for teaching English. and I'm going to continue all these courses till the end.
I enjoyed doing this course as it gave practical steps to aid in teaching not just English but any subject. The steps can be used in any subject and they are really enjoyable.
This course is a good introduction to underlying ideas about education, and I appreciated that it asks students to critically write about their own assumptions about teaching.
It's an amazing and interesting course, which has tons of useful information for teachers. I would like to say my respect to Dr. Shane Dixon and everybody who made us a team!
I recommend anyone who wants to be a English teacher.
It was very good experience to attend ASU online classes. I have learnt a lot. I would also like to attend next courses.
Solid, but does not always provide adequate knowledge for future courses. Dramatic visuals instructors use to try to keep students engaged can sometimes be annoying to watch.
It is a very basic course. It is very useful if you are just starting with the TESOL world, but you may want to skipped it if you have some background knowledge in the field.
Excellent foundation course;  particularly helpful was the use of metaphors. The weekly essays were thoughtful statements that encouraged reflection on what had been learned.
Thank you so much our great instructors. It is really a wonderful  important course, I benefit a lot of information from you. You explain the information in a very easy way.
This course was my first ever on coursera. I really enjoyed it. It's well-structured and very interesting. I highly recommend it to anyone wanted to get a TESOL certificate.
A great course!! It was a very fun learning. For the past six weeks, I enjoyed much all of the presentation and activities . Hope to take the following course in the series.
I found the teaching format to be so easy to follow and the lessons engaging.  I learned new concepts without struggling as it was both fun and practical. Thank you so much.
so far, so interactive and the videos are great! Professor Dixon, I am loving your theatrics, thanks for making it so interesting and enjoyable to participate in the course.
I love these courses. I think they quickly and creatively relay information. I learn what I need without it taking too much time. Plus, it was just put together really well!
I have really enjoyed the course ultimately and I would like to join the rest three courses of yours. So I will be glad to send me a notification, message or link for them.
It opened a different perspective altogether of learning and teaching English... Learnt alot and fund it very practical. Thank you....Dr.Shane and all the faculty involved.
I like how the course doesn't bombard the learners with information, and how it presents topics logically and clearly. Thank you for this great, life-changing opportunity!
I'm so inspired by the first module of the course!!! I have already started to use the knowledge I got and feel how it's changing my professional way! Thank you very much!
Very useful course. You learn a lot about teaching strategies and different teaching techniques. It gives language teachers another perspective about traditional teaching.
excellent course for teachers in general too....not just the English teachers. Awesomely designed course material that is interesting and practical. Loved every bit of it.
I can not thank enough all of our professors in this course especially Dr. Shane! I have gain a lot of insights about language acquisition and various teaching techniques.
I think the course is compact and covers the important skills a teacher needs to have a successful class. It also helped me to see myself from another angle as a teacher.
Thank you for such thought-provoking videos. The material is perfectly divided into parts and presented in a captivating manner. I got lots of insights after this course.
Despite of my busy schedule, I still be able to accomplish this first part of TESOL Specialization. Thank you so much ASU for all the valuable learnings from this course.
Until now this course has been one of my best thing I have done online. This course contains valuable lessons, techniques and information that can be used while teaching.
this course put teaching English as a second language into a better perspective for me and also gave me important tools to help me be a better and more effective teacher.
This course has helped me learn more about the fundamental principles in language teaching. This has deepened my understanding of language teaching. Very good materials!
Amazingly engaging. The professors are fantastic , accurate content and they really practice what the teach. I'm totally grateful. Elizangela Slovinski Bates. April 2020
It is really awesome, great instructions, i am really thankful from the bottom of my heart for all these concepts and assumptions, that would help me a lot in my career.
such a great course. I have learned a lot and opened up to many new concepts. great teachers also. motivated, and invested mostly fun. thank you so much for your effort.
Wonderful course. I enjoyed it very much, especially all the advice and the question at the end of each week. I encourage whoever wishes to teach English to participate.
Thank you so much, really i appreciate the efforts that were exerted by teachers.This course helps me to understand some basics which i need them urgently in my career.
You do not know how much I appreciate this amazing way of learning. It is a great opportunity  for people, teachers in this case, to keep preparing!  Thank you so much.
It is great pleasure for me to learn and study in this course! The marerials are perfect for learning and getting knowledge about teaching English! Thank you very much!
Great course that introduces the foundational principles required to teach english efficiently. The course is very well designed and supported by enthusiastic videos...
It has been a very enjoying experience. I've learned teaching strategies that are brand new to me. Thank you very much, Shane and all other teachers and amazing peers.
This course is a great starting point for a person who has just diving into teaching world like me.The coaches are dedicated and the lessons are quite easy to acquire.
It was the greatest course I've ever taken. The professional Instructors really make me feel enjoyment and love in this course. Thank you all for the best Instruction.
It is my first journey. I passed this course. I like the images and metaphors. Very useful for not only the language teacher but also people want to learn a language.
This course is so useful as it helps me understand more about what I am doing day in day out. Thanks so much for giving me this chance to learn and improve my skills.
Thanks to the whole team of Arizona State University for creating this course! It was extremely interesting and useful experience. Looking forward to the next course!
Waow, This will be an amazing experience. The tutors are explaining really well and easy to follow (understand). Thank you very much to give this opportunity to me :)
The content is good ,but the peer-review takes too long to finish, I thought I could save some time and money to finish the course and start my career but I couldn't.
Thanks to coursera and university of Arazona for this great course ..I enjoyed it so much,,It will be of a great help for my career..Special thanks to the instructors
I loved the course. Being a passionate English student from school, I did my Bachelor's in Chemical Engineering and now willing to teach English for school students.
Very nice course. I really enjoyed it, I learned a lot of things to apply in my classrooms. In a very simple way, you teach very effectively. Thanks for everything.
I strongly recommend this course, I learned a lot of strategies and it made me learned very much about this important profession. Thank you for this amazing course.
This course is really great! It offers basic concepts of being a language teacher, particularly an English teacher to everyone who wants to work in this profession.
Such talented teachers, entertaining videos, a great place to explore to see if ESL teaching is something you'd enjoy for free before committing to a certification.
I really enjoyed the course. normally online courses are a bit of a struggle to me. but not with this course. It kept me interested throughout all month. Thank you!
I liked it! I learned many interesting facts, ideas and strategies; I took a lot of notes, they are a treasure! The ideas of teaching with videos is marvelous, fun!
I am very satisfied with the course. Overall, with the engaging, fun, easy to understand and memorizable teaching methods and great knowledge. Thanks all teachers!
It is the basic course for the ESL teachers, which guide to positivity in the English Language Teaching. Thank you for the course as well as effective instruction.
I really enjoyed and found very helpful every bit of the course. The course instructors are excellent. Examples given in videos are very clear and straightforward.
Amazing lessons of Teaching principles! I am extremely impressed! The explanations were so clear and they also set clear details of examples. Totally recommended!
Prof. gives us lots of teaching principles and examples, which are also beneficial to my own life, I mean, I have better communicating skills to talk with others.
This is an excellent course! Well designed and comprehensive. I want to recommend it to all who want to learn about teaching language acquisition. Very impressed!
I'd like to thank to all lecturers. I really got benefit from the first part of the course. it was really effective to improve our teaching methods. Thanks a lot.
Thank you so much for this course! It's very educative even for experienced teachers as it helps to review the basic teaching principles in a very engaging way!!!
This was my first online experience and I found it to be excellent and hope to complete many other courses -- what an excellent way to promote life long learning!
Thank you very much to the smart, brilliant and passionate Professors behind this course. No words can express my awe in how excellent you all are. All the best.
The course is very informative and simple at the same time. I learned many metaphors which helped me to comprehend the learning/Teaching process in a better way.
It is amazing, I learned so much. I feel like my classes already have improved, can't wait to take more courses. Congratulations, you guys are doing a great job.
It's a very powerful course. thanks for Dr. Shane Dixon, Andrea Haraway, the Arizona State University and everyone worked on this course  including coursera.org.
highly informative course with clear instructions on proper language teaching skills that will certify one to succeed in English teaching. Very much recommended.
Thank you a lot for the course like this one! It is very informative and usefull. I decided to keep going with Teach English Now and enrolled for the next part.
Teachers are very patient in explaining the theories and even cite their own anecdotes. The summary section is carefully integrated into this course. Thank you.
This course was informative and helpful. Thank you for your efforts to keep English teachers around the world up to date on current language teaching practices.
excellent course for English teachers just be careful and follow directions and take your certificate...appreciate your efforts ASU & COURSERA... THANKS A LOT.
I really enjoyed this course. Not only did it give me a good foundation for the TESOL course, but it also made me want to expand my learning outside this site.
Finished and am excited to continue to get the TESOL certificate. Essential questions, peer reviews and videos were very interesting and motivating. Thank you.
The professors were great and very didatical. Dr Dixon is really inspiring in the way he teaches and the pace and the structure of the course were really good.
I enjoyed taking the course. All the information was provided in an interesting way. I recommend taking it to everyone who wants to become better in teaching.
A very useful course. They provide amazing material presented by excellent teachers who make everything clear. I find this study really helpful and enjoyable.
I learned a lot from this course and all the lessons are very meaningful. The way the instructors delivered the lessons is very lively. I enjoyed this course!
I learned a lot about language acquisition, language metaphores, teaching methodologies, strategies ando mony more. This introductory course is just amaizing.
Learned so much! Excited for the completion of this whole course! So thankful for this platform I wouldn't be able to continue if not for coursera. Thank you!
Great foundation information on the teaching profession, thanks Doc. Shane for the wonderful way you presented this course. Hope to see you on the next! Sonia
I learned so much practical information from the videos that the instructors made. This first course of the series noticeably improved my teaching! Thank you.
Amazing instructors and a very well designed course. It was easy to follow, understand and apply the principles.Highly recommend!Good luck future teachers! :)
this course was fantastic. I hope that you'll accept my next financial aid demand to complete the 6 courses left. Thank you Dr. Shane Dixon and all the staff
This course was very short, simple, informative, and straight to the point. I learned a lot about how to improve my skills as a teacher as well as a student.
It is a great opportunity to take this course. I am able to refresh and gain a lot of knowledge with the principles of teaching. Thank you dear facilitators.
I like the course. You will find basic and necessary take outs in this course and i believe you ll also find Dr.Shane's courses very introductive and useful.
I really enjoyed this course, and learned a lot.  What I have learned will not only help with my teaching techniques, but also with my own personal learning.
This course was very informative and I enjoyed it because the teachers really try to make it interesting and relatable. I would highly recommend this course.
I loved doing this course. Teaching English can be so interesting, I didn't know this. Thanks to all the professors who taught, special thanks to Dr. Dixon.
I really enjoyed the course, I had a great experience and learnt a lot over the weeks with this Foundational  Principles. Looking forward for the next step.
Truly a great course to take. I like how the teachers delivered their lesson for better understanding. Recommended for non-native English speakers like me.
Thank you so much for such an amazing course! As a teacher I learn a lot of new strategies and techniques to help students to achieve their language goals.
Thank you for an informative and well-prepared course. The information I have learned using these lectures will become very valuable to my teaching career.
The amount of material was just enough to achieve it besides working. Videos were interesting and enjoyable to watch. I will definitely continue the course
The course very helpful, easy to understand, the teachers made the course great with the great method of teaching.Thanks for providing such a great course.
I really liked this course. It made me understand a lot about teaching and it was really helpful for me as an English Teacher. Thank you to the professors!
The course is really interesting. the instructors are very clear, informative and funny. they stress very important details that every teacher has to know!
Thank you very much! It was great! I improved my writing skills. I knew too much interesting things. It was the first time for to study abroad. Thank you!
I have just finished this course and got high grades. I cannot wait to start the next one but I think the next is more difficult.Highly recommended course
Well organised and helpful material. The lessons were easy to follow and posed thought provoking questions. Good for seasoned professionals and beginners.
The course is well organized and you can keep your own pace. All the principles and modules are chosen very delicately to fit the needs of a new teacher.
I am really thankful.during this class I took this class for being an English teacher though ,I have learned many principles for being a good student .it
The instructors are amazing and the ease of use is stress-free. I also love that its very affordable and the school's reputation definitely doesn't hurt.
It was great to spend time with you! All these principles, I knew them intuitively, but you helped a lot to build a structure in my head! Thanks a lot!!!
I loved the format and the practical ideas and instruction given during this course.  I've learned so much I can immediately apply to my English classes!
Teach English Now! this is awesome I wish I could have more than words to express how I feel about this course.I am most grateful to you Coursera and ASU
This course is very well organized and the predictable path helps me keep the information organized in my head! The videos are fun and engaging as well.
Great course, helped me gain the knowledge for choosing the right tools that help my students and me.Thank you, and I hope to join more of your courses.
I really enjoyed taking part in this course. Great metaphors, absolutely fantastic teachers:) And for sure, great experience for young teachers like me.
It helped me a lot to deal with the common challenges of teaching. It was very accurate and contemporary. The teachers are really competent and helpful
THE BEST COURSE I HAVE EVER TAKEN. LOVE HOW THE COURSE IS DESIGNED. LOVE THE WAY DR DIXON AND OTHER PROFESSORS EXPLAIN EVERYTHING SO CLEARLY. THANK YOU
I personally liked the course very much. Easy to handle but with all the necessary information that is required to do a good job as an English Teacher.
Really very helpful course. it presents good information and in a well established sequence which help so much in understanding the presented material.
Already, I am learning a lot about teaching English to speakers of other languages! I am also able  to sharpen some old skills and learn some new ones.
I love this course, It was easy to understand and the work load was manageable. I like the fact that I can apply the same concepts to teaching Spanish.
If you tend to be a competent teacher, this course is definitely for you. It will enhance your teaching skills and make your students remain motivated
It was an amazing course, very meaningful.And I really enjoyed the way the material was presented.This course has been a wonderful cake.Thank you all.
Excellent I really will recommend this course is fun and at the sea time, I have learned many things related to the teaching process, thanks for this.
Very nice course, the videos are short and the teachers are fun and clear always using different metaphors to make us understand the concepts easily !
Excellent class, easy to follow, concepts well presented. I appreciated the ability to submit work as either a video or PDF document created on my PC.
It was great to be guided for some teachers who no matter what, they did their best to make me and my colleagues understand clearly the topics. thanks
I really enjoyed this course. Great videos, great instructors and content! The principles and techniques taught are extremely relevant and applicable.
I am so happy to have an opportunity to learn this course. It gave me a crucial insight on how to teach English and motivate both students and myself.
I not only learned from this course but I had a lot of fun while learning. It was like I'm seeing the theme of teaching in action in front of my eyes.
This course is so enlightening. The instructors are concise and straight to the point with their ideas and makes it easy to absorb through metaphors.
It is an amazing course and would recommend it to anyone who wants to be an English teacher. It is really useful for those learning new languages too
I'm so glad to take this course! I've been learning a lot and I love writing essays and reviewing other classmates thoughts too. Thank you very much!
This course is very informative, fun and interactive! The metaphors were on point and the assignments were mind-stimulating. Great job to the makers!
The course is really inspiring!!! I definitely recommend to take it, especially if you are new teaching or you are from not English speaking country.
This course is very understandable and not difficult to master, I'm happy that I can get knowledge in this way. Mr. Shane Dixon is a great teacher!!!
Thank you so much for your hard work and support, I really appreciate that. I have learned a lot from this course both theoretically and practically.
This course provides fundamental principles for learners to get familiar with teaching English, and it paves the way for further education for TESOL.
I am very satisfied with the quality learning, and the professionalism of the team. A special thanks to our professors for their valuable knowledge!
It was an a great lesson for me as I had to learn a lot of new skills and ways of teaching English to second language learners. Thank you, Coursera!
This group makes learning fun, entertaining and easy to follow.  Probably the most original course I have done yet!  I tell everyone about Coursera.
This course was a great, encouraging introduction into teaching English. It's just the direction I needed to begin my journey into TESOL/TEFL world.
The course was very interactive and the teachers made it fun, interesting and very easy to follow. The content was also all new to me. Very helpful!
Excellent video production, examples, etc. The information is practical and concise, and so easy to relate to real students and teachers. Thank you!
This is a great course. It is very concise yet replete with useful information for any current or aspiring language teacher. I highly recommend it.
I already knew the theories I saw in this course, but I realize I needed to remember them.. Excellent! Good videos, good teachers. Congratulations!
I appreciate the way the program is organized, the facilitators are really" Gurus".The y instruct in simplified and easy to comprehend methodology.
This course provides teachers with core principles that help them achieve better performances  in class and ensure as well better learning results.
The course was so fruitful and motivational for me. I would like to thank to all organizers and the tutors of the course. You are doing great job.
I LOVE this course!!!!!Very systematic and clear, I see how much our teachers has prepared so that we students can learn with easy, MUCH THANKS!!!
Very helpful and filled with many contents and strategies a teacher should have. This course alone helped me to learn how to teach proper English.
Great Course! I learned so much and found myself excited when it came time to do the work.  Looking forward to completing the certificate program.
It is so nice. And as a future teacher, I see so much passionate the professors have and it really encouraged me to learn more and practice more.
Enjoyed the course so much!  the method of teaching, the way of speaking of the teacher/lecturer really made a difference in my learning process.
Great course! The course covers the fundamental principles of teaching English.  Excellent video presentations. Easy to understand and follow up.
I’d like to say a BIG
thank for such profound and professional approach to teaching English. Have learnt
so many helpful techniques and methods!
Very inspiring course! It makes you reconsider the way you teach and gives valuable ideas to enhance the methods straight away. Thank you a lot!
Great opportunities to actually learn not just how to teach but how to be a good teacher and what's called a professional teaching teacher !! :)
I have learnt a lot from doing the modules for Teach English Now. Thank you to Shaine, Justin and Jessica for their time in making these videos.
Fantastic course! I am very pleased with the amount of knowledge, experience and, information that I have accumulated within these past 6 weeks.
Fantastic course. The lectures are clear, fun and tailored to the needs of teachers seeking to develop the fundamentals of the art of teaching.
That is the most excellent course that I have ever taken. I always enjoy watching videos and exploring new knowledge for my career! Thank you!
I loved this course. The principles I've learned here will help me not only with teaching language but also to be a better teacher in general.
I loved this course! I learned so much about teaching. I am definitely taking the next course! Thank you Arizona State University and Coursera
Excellent course! Informative, helpful, and clear. The script is well written and Dr. Shane is an excellent presenter. I really learned a lot.
I really learned a lot. I believe the course should be validated just like any course taken in attending classes of universities and colleges.
I did enjoy the course and even our peer graded assiggments. I would highly recommend this! Expectations are met. Great materials and speaker.
Thank you so much! I was very glad to pay for this program after a free 7 days trial. It is truly well organized, really useful and enjoyable.
I love this program. The content is amaizing, weel done, well prepared, concise, well explained... I love all the courses of this University!!
Learning at my own comfort is achievable because of you. Thanks for this! I learned a lot from this course which helped me improve my skills.
My compliments to Dr. Shane Dixon. The videos are very engaging and well thought out. I'm pleasantly surprised by the quality of this course.
I wish every beginner teacher find this course and immensely improve their skill. Thank you all for your work and very comfortable education!
Great course. I loved the videos, and the opportunity that the peer graded assignments provided to interact with other students was awesome.
Excellent overview.  I liked that the material is given in video and written format and a summary of the module content is given at the end.
This is a well presented foundational course. For an online course, the instructor was extremely engaging and thorough. I really enjoyed it!
Passionate teachers use all the tools of the trade to teach us and show how to teach that is fun and easy for the student and teacher alike.
It's a great opportunity to learn the basics on how teach and how to present yourself to students, starting with a pretty accurate metaphor.
Very instructive and very fun! I had a lot of fun watching the videos and learning. No doubt the teachers know what they are talking about.
This course has thought what I didn't think it was important or relevant, and it's really amazing. I will recommend this course to you 100%
Great value for money and very supportive instruments and staff who responds very quickly with answers to problems one faces in the course.
Absolutely enjoyed the 'Foundation Principles' of Teaching English. Was good fun and a great learning experience in how to teach students.
I was nervous at first but the videos and assignments are great and had me really think about the role of a teacher and language learning.
It is a great chance to get very useful courses and learn many things about teaching. I really appreciate to being a learner of Coursera.
This particular course will not only in teaching english but tecniques are helpfull in teachin other subjects as well. worth learning it.
Great course and really great instructors.I enjoyed it and hope every teacher will have the opportunity to participate in it.Thanks a lot
It was one of the useful, funny, online training and full of information that will be very useful for my future career. Thanks for all!!!
I love this course. The teacher has a great personality and there is a lot to learn in terms of both verbal and non-verbal communication.
It was an amazing experience I have got from attending this well organized course presented by ASU and instructed by a professional team.
Honestly I have never expected to benefit from this course that much. I am still in the second week but it gets more interesting by time.
I  just want to say thank you so much to Dr.Shane Dixon, Dr.Justin Shewell and Jessica Cinco  for the wonderful job :)  Love all of you .
Pretty nice and well fitted course! Even when less expected I acquired great knowledge from each and every module! 100 % happy about it.
I recommend everyone who needs to improve their teaching skills to hurry up and enroll immediately it is very useful and helpful course.
Amazing course. Very useful for a college English teacher like me. It just gives me answers to my confusion in teaching over the years.
I have sucessfully completed this course and found it really helpful.All thanks to COURSERA for giving me this platform to do my best.!
I loved the course. Dr Shane is very expressive. The tips and metaphors used in this course helped me a lot in my real life and career.
The instructions, lectures, and videos are all very clear. This is a helpful course for language teachers. I would highly recommend it.
I've really enjoyed this course. Everything was simple, but it was exactly what I needed. Thank you so much, Dr. Nixon and Ms. Haraway!
ngaging, very well presented, modelled good teaching and made me keen to learn more - a great foundation for TESOL studies - great job!
The course, and all other courses in the TESOL certificate project, is really helpful for those who are in peruse of a teaching career.
I liked the course of TESOL, I should complete 7 more levels then I will take my 150 credits certificate. My motivation is better now.
Wonderful foundation to TESOL! I thoroughly enjoyed all the contents provided. This course was entertaining, engaging, and insightful.
I felt this was a great introduction to the principles of good language learning.  I found the videos to be very helpful and engaging.
I'm glad that I'm taking this course, and I hope the course will help me a lot to develop my teaching method. I am enjoying the course
Instructors made this course very enjoyable, simplifying the complicated into easy digested and easy to remember. This course motivate
I had a really awesome experience taking this course. Lesson contents and videos are all excellent and has been very helpful to me! :)
I really enjoyed this course and learned a lot on ways to be a good teacher.  I can't wait to start the next course.  Go Sun Devils!!!
Great course so far. The videos are great and the amount of time needed to go through the course is perfect for working professionals.
It is all an excellent job and excellent combination between instructors, course, and Coursera platform. Well done. And good luck all.
I am amazed with this course. I am really thankful with the teachers and how do they  make us seen new ways for our teaching methods.
Excellent and accessible, this course establishes the qualities needed in a good teacher, as well as the basics of TESOL instruction.
This course is very helpful and interesting, it gave me many guides and use easy understanding way to show me the teaching principle.
The tutors are amazing! Dr. Dixon rocks! I could imagine the preparation that you must have put to bring together the course. Thanks!
The course is fantastic! Dr. Shane and Ms Cinco are a true inspiration!  The best and the most interesting course in my life. Thanks!
This course was really helpful, and all the different modules did really help me to expand my ideas about teaching a second language.
Helpful techniques  on how to improve teaching is one of the keys to have quality education. Thank you Coursera for this opportunity.
It is a very beginner-friendly course with great summarized short videos that get right to the core message. I enjoyed it very much.
Super and well-organized systematic a course and motivated instructors. I appreciate their work very well. Thanks for your good job.
It was simple enough to follow and entertaining to stick to yet profound in instruction and effective in leaving a longlasting mark.
I had a great time taking this course. It led me to reflect really deep about my teaching practice in a light way. Totally worth it!
I really loved the structure of this course and all the knowledge I received. This is by far the best online course I've ever taken.
This course is excellent! I learned so many new techniques and strategies to teach students English. I highly recommend this course!
Thanks for your effort .. I renew my information ,,, I have get benefit skills from you as the great stuff then from my classmates .
The material presented is useful. The instructors are wonderful. Even after teaching for 10 years, I found this course very helpful.
Definitely, I have learnt a lot in regards to theories, concepts and strategies to provide effective teaching to language students.
Well-organized and clearly presented, this covers what every beginning teacher should think about when approaching this profession.
It was really my good luck to have this course with great instructors like you. All my love and respect for you. thank you so much.
I have been an ESL teacher for many years, still found this course very helpful. Recommend it to anyone who wants to teach English.
Amazing course, I fully recommend it to anyone who want to improve his/her educational techniques.Greetings and thanks ASU/Coursera
Excellent course. Content, teachers, structure, everything is excellent. Highly recomend this course for expertes and new teachers.
Courses were easy to follow and contained lots of useful information.  --Entertaining instructors who held my attention!  Thanks :)
This course is more like an introductory of the whole specialization. It's simple BUT very clear for me to understand and catch up.
The week one preview shows that this high quality course explains language teaching basics in an easy to understand and fun manner.
Excellent course! It is very well-prepared, interactive, exciting, interesting, and absolutely practical. I recommend it strongly!
It was Excellent and Great course , and i have learnt many things and it opened my eyes to see and experience new things thank you
This course was quite refreshing and provided new and refreshing prospectives as I always want to increase my instructional prose.
I love this course. I have learned many new concepts and shared a lot that I already knew. I will continue with the rest for sure.
I immensely enjoyed this course (it took me slightly longer than a week to finish it), and I am looking forward to the next level!
Really,  this course benefits me another. I know many strategies and useful ways to deal with learners. Thank you for your efforts
I'm very happy to take the course @Teach English Now @Very well  elaborated videos and it is not boring to watch. Glad to be here!
Excellent course. Wonderful opportunity to understand TEFL principles and to comprehend learning from the student's point of view.
I enjoyed  videos and the materials that were given in this course. I would definitely recommend this course to my friends course!
I thoroughly enjoyed taking this class! I would recommend it to anyone interested in getting certified. Totally worth the time :-)
Do you know when you are missing something and do not know what it is?I do! And I found out completing this 1st Module! Loved it!
Super practical, the content very easy to follow, the language of the professors super engaging and fun and creative discussions!
I loved it! I feel like a learned a lot about teaching a language and it makes me feel like I might actually enjoy teaching more.
This was an excellent class to take to prepare teachers and to remind
teachers why we love our jobs, it was thoroughly enjoyable.
Excellent instructors and information! I am looking forward to continuing learning useful tools in the next course of this serie.
DR Shane you are amazing .Thanks a lot  for giving me the opportunity to learn from you and and Dr Andreamy greetings from Egypt
This was such a helpful class to get me started with my first student TODAY! I am looking forward to completing the certificate!
This was the easiest introduction for anyone who knows nothing about teaching. Thanks for such a brilliant piece of mental work!
I think every adult in any profession should take this course.  Extremely well organised, creative, fun, informative-- awesome!!
I really think that this course is very important for people that want to teach and become it an excellents guide for their kids
Great course that helped re-focus my teaching abilities and  get me re-acclimated to the purpose of teaching  English to others.
I enjoyed very much taking this course. I recomend to all EFL teachers because it is very useful to improve teaching techniques.
I like how the course is organized and gives assigments which involve critical thinking of topics we generally take for granted.
Good course but lots of technical issues with Coursera. No proper user guide for technical matters. Caused unnecessary anxiety.
I'm very glad to find this course. I've learned a lot and i am really motivated to continue the courses with Teach English Now!
This course was excellent, I did learned a lot how to be a good English teacher. I appreciate the opportunity that I was given.
Very useful and helpful indeed, quite easy if you have good knowledge of the English language and looking for ways to teach it.
A very interesting course to get an overall view of English teaching. Very well structured and with good and complete material.
It is an excellent course that teaches me basic principles specifically. I could apply these principles in teaching practices.
The videos, material, quizzes, and assignments are really thought provoking. Peer reviews helped me to look at the other side.
very good course . Thanks for Dr Daxon now i know where to stand as language teacher. what points i need to improve and modify
A great tool to understand how teaching can change the way teachers involve students in learning English as a second language.
Great course. The teachers really find a good way to engage into the material, as a class about teaching should do! Thank you!
i have completed it already waiting for my submissions to be reviewed. Amazing facts to learn about teaching. Very nice course
very informative and well designed. it is run by professionals that might be difficult to meet them face to face in your life.
This is such a great course for those who are interest in teaching English or a foreign language.Thank for opening this course
excellent teachers and course material! A bit on the easy side but still very good info for upcoming CELTA teachers like me :)
Really awesome course. I like that they made connections to ideas taught in the other coursera course "Learning How to Learn".
God Bless You All, and I Hope I Am Graced With The Opportunity To Complete The Entire Specialization. Sincerely, Rachel Sakhi.
Absolutely excellent principles, techniques and outcomes! A new world opened for me. Excellent! A truly 3rd-millennium course!
Great resources. I am already using these ideas in my language classes. A great resouce to keep coming to time and time again.
Wow an eye opening course. Living in sweden i found this course very intersesting. Thanks to the charismatic teachers in here.
OMG, I'm so blessed for taking this course, I learned a lot from it, and I highly recommend to others, it's fun and practical.
I am so glad that a month ago I was determined enough to enroll in this course, which is leading by Arizona State University!
I have really found gold nuggets in this course to apply to my teaching profession. Thank you soo much Dr. Dixon and company!
it is very helpful for the one who wants to teach English. Also, help the language learner and teacher to expand perspective.
The course is quite an eye opener, it helps realize things that maybe we know intuitively, but seeing them make them clearer.
Very easy to follow but with good content too. The hours are not overwhelming, which makes it easy to fit in a busy schedule.
I think it covers very well the foundations of teaching and gives good examples that I can immediately apply in my classroom.
This course englightened my teaching point of view. I took notes and made some plans for my future career. Thank you so much.
it has been a wonderful course where I learn a lot of useful thing about teaching English as a secondary language. thank you.
This course was fantastic in helping me learn! I can't wait to apply these principles to things I will teach in my classroom!
I think this course is very helpful and practical for teachers. And I will definitely recommend this course to my colleagues!
thanx ,this is a great course. helped me a lot in understanding how to deliver information in a new simple and efficient way.
Thanks for the great opportunity that you bring to us! I have learned a lot of things from this course as a language teacher.
I have learned a lot through this course and enjoyed the way of explaining different approaches and theories about teaching!
I've learnt a lot from this valuable  course. Thank your ASU and Coursera from making learning easier and accessable for us.
I learned a lot from this course. This is not only applicable to teaching English but teaching in general.Thank you so much!
This online course is very helpful especially for those who do not have enough time to go to a traditional class like me. :D
Excellent course.It taught me  so many important things.Dr Shane Dixon is so inspirational!I would definetely recomment it .
Love it! I have taken several MOOCs and this is definitelly in my top 5! The videos are great! and Dr. Shane Dixon is the be
This course is very helpful. It helps you not only to teach a language, but also how to learn a language. Thanks Dr. Shane!
very helpful, very detailed, very well taught [I think I can also use the term 'played' :-)] Special thanks for Dr Shane...
Great instructors, great material, great experience. Would highly recommend this to anyone looking for TESOL certification!
It is incredible that even with many years of experience we can be so enlightened by a course and its teachers.  Wonderful.
Thank you for the course. It was really nice journey to gain new teaching skills and widen my view on my teaching attitude.
Very Useful and organized Content, I Really enjoyed this learning Journey Thank s to all the instructors and all the peers.
Easy, accessible program. Very happy I signed up for this course, and I am looking forward to the next class in the series.
This Course is amazing! There's so much helpful information and lectures are do interesting and challenging! Thanks to all!
I loved the videos. They were straight to the point and enjoyable with simple everyday language for everyone to understand.
This portion of the specialization was easy to follow and held my attention. I feel that it contained valuable information.
Wow, the videos are great. The teachers are also great. They explain the modules very well. I've learns so much, thank you
I really enjoyed this course and it helped me realize how I love studying and what I want to do with my further education.
Thank you so much for this excellent course! My favorite part about it is that the course is interactive and quite useful.
It is a great course to have. The teaching method is excellent. I hope I achieve my target after completing the course. :)
great course! loved it! thank you for the stories and for the hard work to deliver this great course, the best I've seen .
This course is wonderful, i would recommend any one to do the same course to better their teaching skill and language 95%
It was a great experience being part of this course as a learner. This course definitely is well designed and is amazing.
I am very happy to  success .I am very proud to be a student in this course .and I thanks coursera to the moon and back .
It is awesome experience with this course i learn a lot of new sttategies. Things . Dr. Shane is a great awesome teacher.
Very good class and great beginning.  Makes me want to keep going to finish the rest.  More confident in my teaching too.
This was truly an amazing experience.  I learned so much and know that my teaching has improved since taking this course.
I enjoyed this course in every sense. The instructors were professional and the material was well prepared and explained.
This is an amazing course, I had been looking for a long time. I finally found it and seems like it's tailor made for me!
The professors are amaing, I love the way present the content, and the ilustrative metaphors and stories in each lesson.
best course I have ever taken. All teachers around the world should attend it. It will change your teaching perspective.
I can't believe I took part in such a great course. Can't wait to take participate in the next part. Thank you very much
I think this course is a good introduction to teaching ESL. If you are interested in the profession, you should take it.
This course is very good. It gives me knowledge and teaching techniques. i hope it make me a effective language teacher.
I am  lucky to get this course. I highly recommend it to anyone who would like to be a teacher. This course is the gist.
I find this course very useful for my career as a teacher. It is like a reminder for me to improve my ways of teaching.
Excellent course, great material, and dynamic professors. Thank you so much for your teaching, enthusiasm, and support!
Very useful course and well explained by the extraordinary teachers :))) Congratulations and you would make good actors
The course actually applies in real-time, what it is trying to teach prospective teachers and this made learning a fun!
Very helpful information for teachers of English and educators in general. So accessible and easy to put into practice.
Wonderful course, just what I was looking for. In the spirit of Learn How to Learn, which I took on Coursera last year.
I would like to thank all the creators and mates of this course for the opportunity to improve my professional skills.
I loved the topics covered and the way the instructors approached them with metaphors and thought-provoking questions.
I was very happy to learn this lecture with very passionate professors. I appreciate it. I learned a lot in many ways.
I like this course a lot, since it seems to be there for me every time i need help with my lessons. Thank you for ASU!
The content of the course is really useful and helpful and I like the way teachers present the material, thank you! :)
Awesome course! Before this course, I was frightened regarding learning new languages. I am grateful to Course Tutors.
Excellent course. Very inspiring teachers and high content provided. I very much enjoyed Dr. Dixon's way of teaching!
It is a very well organized course. The tutors are knowledgeable and equipped with good Language teaching techniques.
The course ıs really beneficial. I am very glad to have this course and I am grateful to the teachers of this course.
Very good introduction into what makes a good, successful teacher. Inspiration to continue on with the entire course.
Great course! I learned a lot from all the modules here. It definitely opened my eyes to new concepts and strategies.
I really enjoyed it and I think I learned a lot of new things that would be helpful in my future career as a teacher!
This course was very illuminating and entertaining for me. Doctor Dixon's theatrical approach to teaching is amazing!
Your courses are really helpful and satisfied for every one. Thank you so much for making these opportunities for us.
I'm enjoying the course and learning a lot!! Thanks for the Coursera Team, I'm very happy to be one of your student!.
Learned so much about teaching English as a second language. I look forward to taking the second part of this course.
Thank you for this course. It was my pleasure to gain the knowledge. Very professional! Best wishes from Poland, Anna
It was great. Thank you for your commitment towards all the people that wouldn't have this opportunity any other way.
Entertaining videos, and interesting written assignments to think about about language and how we teach and learn it.
Loved the use of metaphors, it makes it so easy to understand all the basic principles of language teaching/learning.
I recommend this course to all English teachers out there. Its very well explained and the methods shown are awesome.
The instructors for this course are incredible. The videos are well organized and very effective. Makes learning fun!
Excellent. It is a great opportunity to learn more tools that will serve in individual and professional development.
Thank you. It's was existing and intelligible. Olso I have got many important knowledges that help me know a future.
The course was great! It helped me remember many things I had studied before and reflect on many different concepts.
This was an amazing course with an amazing experience. I've taught a lot from it. Thanks a bunch for everything. ^_^
I have learned much from this course than i had ecpected. I highly recommend every esl teacher to study this course.
Love this course! Shane is hilarious, I found him corny at the beginning but was soon totally engaged thanks to him.
Great course the metaphros really shed some light on concepts that otherwise would have been difficult to assimilate
I honestly enjoyed every minute of this course! I want to say big thank you to all the professors taking part in it!
It's a fantastic course. It helped me a lot to improve both my own English and teaching skills. Thank you very much.
It has been an exceptionally bright insight into the world of ESL, with clever partecipants, and wonderful teachers.
Great course, I enjoyed every single moment of it and, of course, I learned a lot 😍 Thank you, Arizona University!
The course is very beneficial as it establishes important principles that will cause a major change in my teaching.
This course was really fun, and it helped me not just to think as a teacher, but it taught me another way to learn.
I like how they handled the class and it was easy to understand. I liked making videos for the assignments as well!
Very helpful contents with videos of the length long enough to learn and short enough to keep learning interesting.
is a very fun and all the course in interesting, all the information contain a great amount of evidence thank a lot
Well laid out, and easy to follow. I'd recommend this course to anyone wanting to improve their teaching practice!
It was really a great course. The thing that I liked most was the participation and sharing opinions. Thanks alot.
An informative, simple to the point lessons and techniques. Enjoyed every part of it and learned a lot. Thank you.
Such a brilliant course! Thanks to professors for all the hard-working you've poured out  this certificate course.
Very well done course. It was engaging and presented useful, applicable information for TESOL. Highly recommended.
It is an engaging course, Every teacher should take it. The teachers are excellent! You will learn a lot. Love it.
I absolutely loved it. Dr. Dixon with his own amazing way made it a very enjoyable experience. Thank you so much.
Very good course , nicely structured. Dr.Shane is awesome in explaining well  and also makes it very interesting.
I really enjoy the course and way of presentation; with jokes and real life examples which makes it so practical.
Excellent,an easy way to know the foundational principles of teaching by learning exactly what you need to know.
i would like to thank dr.shane dixon for his teaching , i learned a lot from him . he is the best teacher ever .
This is a great course ,it takes you slightly from the simple to complex concept.I enjoy in this course so much.
The course has well-organised structure and ample content. It is very helpful for be since I am a young teacher.
Very easy to proceed. Good support with quick responses. Fun to watch the videos and easy to follow the content.
Excellent course! Teachers need this class, because it is interesting, practical, and really worth your efforts.
Great teachers, awesome new ways to learn and teach English. Congratulation Coursera aqnd Universiti of Arizona!
Excellent course. I learned many practical things that I can apply in my daily activities as an English teacher.
I found this class very enjoyable. The professors were engaging and informative and the workload was reasonable.
amazing teachers, content, smooth learning curve. Very practical and useful knowledge for the classroom teacher.
This was a great introduction to a field I've long been interested in!  Thanks for making this course available!
I love this course,has a lot of valuable information and techniques,hopefully it can be a new beggining for me!
Very helpful and interesing. It exposes all points of view for professionals/future professionals in this area.
This course really helped me be a better teacher. I can't wait to go back to school to apply what I've learned.
Great fun!  ESL Teaching class with energy.  Clear and applicable immediately lessons.   I highly recommend it.
I love this course very much. This cause help me to improve my teaching skills. Thank you for all the teachers.
This course is excellent, I learn a lot from my peer teachers and every video and test make me a better teacher
My teaching has improved exponentially since I started taking this course. Thank you all! - HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
Excellent course helping me to start my career as a TESOL teacher. I would recommend this course to my friends.
The professors are very dedicated. They employ different approaches to teaching. I was able to understand fast.
I really learned a lot! I also like the structure and flow of the lessons; I especially enjoyed the metaphors!
Great timing and flow of information! Presentations cover the key info using memorable examples and metaphors.
Wonderful course!! I'm so glad I did it! The professors are great!! Loved all the explanations and exercises!!
A very fine tuned course, no unnecessary information, close to practice approach.Highly recommended to anyone.
This course provided me a lot of helpful lessons which are informative knowledge and understandable teaching.
This course was very informative in teaching a second language. Very well organized and simple to understand!
Excellent course. I finally find one of the best classes to learn how to be a good English teacher.well done!
Thank you for giving me this precious courseI have learned a lot of things from youThank you for your effort.
It was a very-well prepared course. I learned new things. I personally feel satisfied completing this course.
I really enjoyed this course. It is easy to understand and it motivated me to use what I learned immediately!
Such a great course with great teachers. This course is fun and interesting. Thank you for this opportunity!
Excellent course. State-of-the-art techniques and theories. Learnt many techniques of teaching and learning.
This course is engaging, and provides useful information and technique to Teach English. Thanks a lot. Hugs.
You are really awesome people , awesome teachers, especially dr. Shane Dixon thanks a lot for your devotion.
Dr. Shane Dixon is an absolutely amazing teacher. Every single lecture is so useful and I enjoyed the class.
I really enjoyed it and I feel like I have learned a lot of things that I will definitely use in the future.
I highly recommend this course for those who intends to apply for teaching jobs as well as for new teachers.
Great for starting teachers. I liked it a lot, and I'm looking forward for the next three courses. Congrats!
I enjoyed to fun videos and easy lesson overviews. It was a great introduction to the world of teaching ESL.
A really good course, giving you the needed foundation on what is required when becoming a language teacher.
An amazing course , with great content , it was so interesting I was addicted to it.Five star recommendation
Really enjoyed the course especially the way they teach in the video is very simple and easy to understand.
Thank you a million. This course helps me a lot because I am an english education student in my college. :)
This is an excellent course! I highly recommend it for beginning ELL teachers as well as seasoned veterans.
It´s a great beginning! All the contents were well explained and clear.I am so excited to continue with it!
It's so good.Teachers are really nice and funny! And I learned a lot! I love your metaphors about language!
I really enjoyed this course and sharing thoughts and ideas with others participants was a rich experience.
This course is a must-take. It can help new and "not-so-new" teachers thrive in their professional careers.
Highly enjoyed thIs course, specially the vIDeos! so much to learn! so much to put on practice!Thanks ASU!
Great course and great introduction to the world of TESOL! Enjoyed having Dr Shane as a teacher very much!
Very well-thought-out course. I have very high expectations for the rest of the TESOL certificate courses!
I am really enjoying this course, and Dr. Shane is AMAZING at what he is doing! Fun videos! Keep it up! :)
Excellent! Every language teacher should invest their time and money on this program! Highly recommend it!
I like that the content of the course is splitted into small parts. It maintains interest and doesn't bore
Thank you for the opportunity to study this course, which will definitely help me in teaching my subject.
I got the good things about how to teach English that I haven’t known before. I like this course so much.
This course is very valuable for me. It will help me about seeking jobs in the future. Thank you so much!
This course was very enlingting to me as a teacher. I never knew that we could present language this way.
I have loved this course. Actually taking course 2 and 3. Looking forward to complete the specialization.
I am really happy to finish the first one and let's go to next one!!! Dr.Dixon and TEAM you ROCK guys. ;)
THIS IS THE BEST COURSE I HAVE EVER PARTICIPIATED! GREAT THANKS TO COURSERA AND ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY!
I like this class so much, let me get lots of new information for professional English language studying.
Great course it really gave me new ideas and will to learn, become better teacher and help my learners :D
I successfully completed the couse, I really like the coursera, it is so easy to use and understandable.
I become more passionate and driven in teaching English because my experience in this course is amazing!
It was an amazing experience .this is my first time to complete an online course .Thanks for all of you.
Well structured, pleasant and enjoyable delivery and put together with a lot of thought and preparation.
Excellent course! I really enjoyed it and learned a lot. I'm excited to get started on the next session.
Very practical, and anyone interested in teaching English can enroll in this module to improve yourself.
excellent course, I really enjoyed taking it and the teachers are very clear, I learned a lot, actually
Amazing, I learnt a lot of metaphors which allow me to understand better the acquisition of a language.
It was an interesting course and I am completely sure that all that I learned will help me in my career
Great course with variety of exercises. It never bored me and kept my motivation throughout the course.
Complete yet easy to understand. I've tryed on-line TESOL courses before but this is the best for sure.
Very interesting course, learned a lot and I am implementing the new knoledge right away...practical...
I loved it! You're very good at motivating us to become better language instructors! Thank you so much!
Thanks a lot!!!   Lessons  are do interesting.  I take  interesting  informations  which is necessery.
I have learned a lot about the foundational principles of a teacher that must have. Thank you so much!
Very good course to take! The content and materials presented are very informative and make you think!
Great reminder of all the things I have learned teaching elementary in the U.S. for the past 23 years.
This course helps me lay a solid foundation of theories and principles that I need in Teaching English
Very impressive course and well prepared. Very significant to my goals of teaching English. Thank you.
Great and worked out content of creators of course.  Excellent technique of submission of information.
I cannot be more grateful to be a part of this amazingly taught course! Thank you ASU and Coursera! :)
I really recommend this course, the explanation is really clear, I had  lot of fun during this course.
I'm barely starting my teaching career and what I have learned so far in this course is undescribable.
I am impressed about all that I learned here. The information was given in the clerarest possible way.
Very informative and well structured course, the instructors are really good and I higly recommend it!
It's definitly the best course I've ever taken. Looking forward to complete the entire specialization.
This course is one of the most successful courses for language teachers , especially English Teachers.
Great course! Thank you to all excellent teachers and classmates. Wonderful and practical methodology.
I find this course quite interesting and with so useful concepts and tips I am adapting to my classes.
Excellent! Fun and very informative. Impressive job done by the team. Can't wait for the final course!
I loved the course, easy going, direct, concise, the videos were very good, completely recommend it :)
These are good teacher-learner-subject matter principles that will help about any teacher or learner.
This is a great course if you are interested in learning the skill sets to become a language teacher.
I consider this course very useful; I already
learned a lot thanks to this course high recommended.:)
The teachers are so caring and thoughtful about the content. I feel much more confident to teach now.
It was so great to going through this fascinating course. I studied the most valuable things from it.
The course has shared some basic principles of teaching a language. Very fundamental and very useful.
Really helpful course i really enjoyed learning from amazing teachers thank you alot for your efforts
Very well presented information that I have acquired through these informational videos and readings.
No words suffice to express my satisfaction with the course. Highly recommended for budding teachers.
This course is great for beginner-teachers to understand the basic philosophy of teaching a language!
Fabulous opening to an incredibly useful course. Looking forward to the next installments. Thank you.
It helped me a lot in improving my teaching skills. I really suggest this course to any teacher. Lisa
It was really interesting and simple to follow, and full of a rich content. It is highly recommended.
Wonderful and very clear to understand. I loved it and look forward to continue on the next chapter.
Love how the course is presented. Very relevant and helpful content! So grateful that I can do this!
Amazing Course, it has such great lessons to be taken into account by teachers going back to basics.
The course is full of essential information for every teacher. It's just the must. Highly recommend!
It was a wonderful course with lots of insight. Thank you to all the instructors especially Dr Shane
This is an excellent course! I totally recommend it. It has helped me to improve my way of teaching.
It's been a great experience! Very clear and concise. I learnt a lot that I can use in my classroom.
This is an excellent class. I love the professors Thank you for providing this learning opportunity.
an amazing course, and really requested. A must have to take your teaching career to the next level.
I really enjoyed this course, it is very complete and dynamic. I will definitely take all 4 modules!
this couse is very useful. If you want to teach ESL, I think this would be a helpful training class.
Thank you for giving this opportunity! I liked this course for I can sense the basic of teaching Eng
Engaging and informational! I've tried a different TESOL program and wasn't happy. This is the best!
This course is really helpful for educators  and those who are studying to become one. Great course!
I learned a lot ! This course it's really useful because I can apply this new knowledge on my field.
This is a great place to start. These courses are well-organized and I keep learning more and more!
Thank you Arizona University I've always loved and I'll love being a part of this amazing community
This class was a wonderful (and fun) introduction to teaching English. I would highly recommend it.
One of the greatest sources I've ever seen to become better teacher. Highly recommend for everyone.
very interesting & engaging & enriching course content . Dr.shane is wonderful in his presentation.
I learned a great deal, great explanations! My concept of teaching has greatly matured thanks to th
TESOL online is a dream come true. The best part is with the way the course is build and dealt. :-)
Loved every module. The metaphors and videos were very helpful. Can't wait to take the next course!
It's amazing! I've learnt so much new information that I had to make notes! Very useful and funny!
Thanks for helping me to realize, what a big profession is BEING A TEACHER that leaves good marks!
I SIMPLY ENJOYED IT. I want to say thanks to Dr. Shane and everyone who contributed in this course
It was great however awaiting for others to read the papers inhibited me from getting certificate.
It is the first time I take a course in Coursera. Honestly, I did not expect such amazing lessons.
Great Course. I thoroughly enjoyed the course. i learned a lot of new concepts and methods of ELT.
It is a very easy to grasp and friendly course which makes you gear up to take the specialization.
I highly recommend this course! It's easy-to-understand and at the same time full of useful ideas.
Excellent course! Thank you for the opportunity and allowing students to gain knowledge and grow!!
I would recommend any teacher or anyone whose purpose is to be a good teacher to take this course!
I believe this course will be very helpful for English teachers of non-native speakers of English.
Extremly interesting to teach English in Italy !!!!! New strategies and new focus on how to teach!
I really like the course, because there given best help to ESL teaches in a simple way. The best!
It's very useful course, it shows that meaning of having fun when you are studying. It's perfect.
An excellent course to enhance your learning skills and how to become a good teacher. I loved it.
This course was very insightful and helpful\. The description explains exactly what you will get.
Step by step, simple understandable videos and at the end one gets surprised how a lot l learned!
it's an amazing course and the teachers are so professional .. so exciting too, i really love it.
It was a big pleasure to be part of this course. Planning to enrol next course in Specialisation.
This was good intro course to motivate you to move forward. Thanks to the authors for their job!
I like it.This course it very useful for those who needs more about methods of English teaching.
It was a wonderful experience. Very engaging and informative. I look forward to the next course!
Great course, very clear, fun, and useful, looking forward to the next parts of the certificate.
I liked the content, delivery and the pedagogy. Great course even for even experienced teachers.
It has been a great experience, and I’m looking forward to taking more courses. Thanks Coursera!
I appreciate the flexibility of the course and the opportunity to interact with fellow students.
Thats a great way to overview important techniques and concepts on your way to become a teacher.
Good explanations, examples, and resources to help you understand!. Very useful and interesting!
This course is extremely amazing. It paves you the way to become a professional English teacher.
I've really learnt a lot with this course. It is an amazing opportunity to improve as a teacher.
To whoever who read this keep doing the good work, I learnt a lot from you and Thank You so much
It is the best course. I believe The certificate Is surely going to be beneficial for my career.
VERY complete, entertaining and interactive. The most well-designed course I've taken on a MOOC.
Excellent courses and how everything is laid out.  It will definitely help me in the classroom.
It was a pleasant experience.I learnt a lot of things I am looking ahead to the upcoming course
Excellent, This course improve my skills in English and I learne how I teach my future students
It's a great course. The lesson I've got here will be very useful since I am a future educator.
This is a good foundational  course. It has lots of good information in easily digested chunks.
Amazing! Very useful! Shaun is a great teacher and I wish to attend one of his off-line lessons
informative and easy to follow along. I liked hearing from other students int he peer feedback.
Very practical and helpful!! I learned a lot, and also I reflected a lot on my teaching so far.
Practical and meaningful way to teach not only English but teaching in general. Thank you team.
I have learned quite a bit about teaching English as a foreign language from these ASU experts.
I found the course helpful and enjoyable. It used practical examples and it was easy to follow.
It has been a very good course for me. Interesting, it stimulates me to continue my training :)
I love how enthusiastic and passionate the professors are. Thank you so much for offering this.
Loved the course.  Videos were appealing, serious though amusing.  Would recommend this course.
The course is practical and helpful. The teachers are easy to follow and the content is great!
Very useful and interesting course which explains fundamental principles of teaching language.
Great course! Funny, interesting, and captivating. All this, while getting the message across.
this is amzing course. i really got high benefit of it. thanks coursera . thanks my lecturers.
Just about finished and find this course to be very informative and useful for future lessons.
I enjoyed this course & the instructor has excellent content and teaching techniquesThank you
This is a great course for EAL teachers. Highly appreciate everyone to enroll in this course.
Hello, thank you all for this opportunity to get these skills to practice in the near future.
Excellent content and very well presented :) I look forward to learning more from you guys :)
A great course! And although it is just the 1st step of a longer road, it is great to follow!
The way the course is structured made it very easy to stay engaged and achieve great results!
Great course! It has given me in depth understanding of the foundations to teaching language!
I really liked the approach of this course and the way it was presented. Good videos as well.
This course was just a joy to take. It was fun and very, very informative. I learned so much!
I can say Just Excellent course, and also very interesting lectures and professional teachers
I was motivated to go to my course everyday!!It was exciting and meaningful at the same time.
It has given me a lot of inspiration and brand-new insights in my teaching career. Thank you!
All of the tips and tricks learned here will make my classes more interactive and productive!
Well developed and interesting. Looking forward to check the following courses on the series.
No surprise to me. I am an alumna with two degrees from ASU. Great course, great instructors.
An excellent course, amazing learning materials, lecturers etc.  Would thoroughly recommend.
This is a great course. It exceeded my expectations. I enjoyed all of it and I learnt a lot!
Knowledgable information a great opportunity for each learner to be enrolled in this course.
I'm learning a lot, I hope more courses like these continue to appear in coursera, thank you
The course was truly wholesome! Special thanks to Shane Dixon for the fruitful explanations!
Determine the level of knowledge. it is excellent content for study. All the best. Well done
It was an amazing experience! I learned a lot and it's only part 1. I'm excited to continue.
This is one of the best courses for teachers, it can change your mind about this profession.
I definitely learned one of the key principals: zoom in and zoom out, which is so important.
It is empowering, fun and engaging. Just like what they try to teach you to do! Thank you...
That is a GREAT course! I`ve received so much from it! Thanks to all the people who made it!
I really enjoyed taking this course. Thank you Arizona State University. Thank you Coursera.
it was great! I have no words to describe my astonishment and enjoyment! It's worth taking!
amazing course and will add to you more information to be able to teach English in easy way
The course is very fantastic and i have a very clear method to teach english in the future.
Thank you for the wonderful course! It was great, inspiring and highly useful in my career!
thanks coursera , I really  enjoyed a lot and I keep learning the rest parts of this course
I really enjoyed this course and also learned a lot of helpful and new teaching techniques.
Great course with an outstanding teacher. I learned a lot more information than I expected.
I enjoyed this course.  Instructors are very engaging and explain everything very clearly.
I enjoyed the video materials and the readings. This is a worthwhile course for beginners.
excellent course , I'm not the same teacher in every time i complete a course , just wow .
This was a very rewarding class! I look forward to the next courses in the specialization!
Very nice course! Interesting information and easy to digest. Totally recommended to take!
I found this course more useful than I had expected. 

Thank you to those who contributed.
It was a great class. One that gave you a lot of good information without overloading you.
It is a great teaching course equipping the teacher students with updated SLA foundations.
Just wow! It is so informative. I have learnt so many things. The instructors are so cool.
The course is easy going and broke down into an easy way to pase yourself week after week.
Thank you for the course. It was exciting and helpful. I enjoyed it very much and gained m
Thank you very much for  knowledge and opportunity to study with such brilliant teachers!
Teaching with excellence professionalism, thanks a million for this enriching experience.
Amazing course from an Amazing educators and university.Thanks Dr. ShaneThanks Dr. Andrea
This course was great!  It encapsulates the foundation of what ESL teachers need to know.
This course is great. The lecturer is the best. I hope this course helps me in my career.
Accessible, useful introductory information presented in a friendly, non threatening way.
Great course,The Instructional videos are done in a way that they are easy to understand.
Excellent course! Highly recommended for everyone who is going to teach and learn English
one of the best instructor DR.Shane really inspired helped a lot in learning new skills.
Great course! Very clear simple instructions that contain all teh necessaru information!
Very simple, to the point, and teaches you the basic knowledge of what you need to know.
Great course with great and useful information! I really love it , it is amazing course.
So far so good. It`s very informative and easy to practice with down-to-earth techniques
This course gave me the knowledge I lacked to teach basic English to my Russian students
It was a fun and very helpful course. The teachers are friendly and easy to understand.
course was perfect. I enjoyed and learned at the same time. thank you for your efforts.
I loved the content of the course! It was so exciting and beneficial! Thanks, Coursera!
It was a great experience, the teachers are great . I'm so excited to the next courses.
I thought this was a very good course and more the point very good value for the money.
I get lots of ideas while watching and reading all. Thank you Teach English Now Team...
This is class is great.  It helps put teaching a foreign language in an applicable way.
A very good and useful course! It helped me to make my teaching better!!! Thank you!!!!
Very informative! I enjoyed taking this course and it has given me some great insights.
Engaging and very entertaining professor! Very clear he was on the stage at one point.
Its more informative and interactive. I got more skill and knowledge from this course.
I loved the course content, teacher and activities! can't wait to start the next steps
Well presented, easy to understand and concrete examples of principles and techniques.
This list of courses have also helped me to be able to identify 'passionate' teachers.
This was a very enjoyable class. The lectures were informative and enjoyable to watch.
One of the best and most interesting courses on the English language I have ever taken
This course is clear and easy to understand. I would recommend this course to friends.
I took a lot of information  from this course. Teachers try to teach in a simple way.
The course feeds me with full of useful materials which really influence my teaching.
I love this course! The teachers catch my attention and I really enjoy it. Thank you!
This is the great course I have . It is very useful . Thanks for teacher who teach it
Taught me a lot. I am looking forward to continuing my journey with Teach English Now
Wow it is a nice course for second language English teachers and other professionals.
well, to be quite honest this course is bitterly important for every English teacher.
I enjoyed this course a lot. Also, I was encouraged by the students' words.Thank you!
very helpful course to improve my teaching skills and protect myself from burning out
Excellent course.Instructors are top notch.Thank you ASU for providing such a course.
I appreciate the work put by all the teachers, the course was very rich and helpful!
This a great course for anyone who want to know basic techniques to teach languages.
Exceptional course with great tutors . The explanation and efforts made were superb!
I am learning a lot from this course and appreciate the opportunity on the platform.
this course will help you in your teaching career path. thank you Arizona university
This staff really knows how to deliver an online language course. It's far the best!
You teach us a lot of tactics , methods and being a good teacher.. thank you so much
This was a great way to learn more about ESL! I like the instructors and the pacing.
Great course if you are thinking of teaching or if you're learning another language.
Excellent course!! Thank you so much!! It was perfect for my new teaching challenge.
The course is beneficial and educative for a teacher or a teacher candidate indeed.
I adore the course a lot. and it makes me feel happy and knows more about teaching.
Taking this course from Coursera is one of the best decision that I have ever made.
I enjoyed this course a lot!  Thank you so much for your creative way of teaching !
The videos and the texts of the 1st course war really good for me. I thank you all.
good lessons, i love this one, the teacher is humorous, and the content is amazing.
It was a great starting point for teachers. I enjoyed very much this 5 week course.
Great videos, creative, engaging, excellent explanations.  Extremely well designed.
I'd like to thank all instructors for their great effort. Thanks ASU and Coursera.
Very interesting introduction with nice classes and good bibliographic references.
to the point and info for the max as a future teacher i really enjoyed this course
Dr. Dixon is an exceptional teacher! I am enjoying this course so much. Thank You!
Very well explained. So far I have learned many tools to use in my future classes.
A really helpful course for beginners, introduces the basic principle of teaching.
Absolutely love this course! Can't wait to complete it and to get the certificate!
Very breezy course. Loved it though, gives a nice overview of teaching a language.
This was a fun and thoughtful introduction to foundational principles of teaching.
It was a wonderful experience and a wonderful course by the greatest professors .
Great professors, awesome presentations and of course very valuable lessons 10/10
I feel the course is so great. Nice teachers and wonderful lessons. Thanks a lot!
Very informative, helpful course, that has put me on track in my teaching career.
Very good course for language teachers and detailed information by Mentor. Thanks
This is an exceptional course for aspiring English as a Second Language teachers.
I want to thank you for creating this course, it has been a very interesting one.
Thank you, guys, for this amazing experience! It was a pleasure to work with you.
I loved this course. The professor is great and with a lot of experience. Thanks.
It's a wonderful course and teaches precious techniques to the language teachers.
an easy and dynamic methodology to begin to introduce us to the world of teaching
Complete. Everything you need to think of if you are starting a teaching carreer.
Great way of teaching through metaphores. I found it very interesting and useful.
I found this course really amazing! Dr. Shane must be a very brilliant teacher...
I learned a lot of things in this course and it will help me a lot as a teacher.
Very useful course! The material is of high-quality. It is simple but important.
The best course I've EVER taken. Loved every moment of it. Thank you Dr. Dixon:)
Extremely beneficial. It helped reflect on my own learning/ teaching experience.
I l ove the way everything got explained ,it opened my mind thank you very much.
Learned some interesting ideas and thoughts in this course. Really worth trying.
Great course! I loved the passion and experience-based advice of the professors.
It was a pretty fruitful course for me. I have learned a lot, thank you so much.
Very helpful tips, hope more English teachers around the world could learn this.
Great teachers and a great experience. It opens your mind in an unthinkable way.
I have never ever studied such this course. Unique and exciting,  Thank you all,
Easy to follow, great information.  I learned quite a few things in this course.
Pretty cool stuff, getting off to a good start.Interesting, useful and relevant!
Very engaging and straight forward! Much better than other classes I have taken.
Great Course. It´d be awesome if the professor could show us real-life examples.
It's a great course. It is very helpful to the teacher and the learner as well.
I really enjoyed the course. It was really helpful and understanding made easy.
Great presentations and explanations. It seems to be a well thought out course.
it was a wonderful education experience for me to join Teach English Now course
Extremely useful course. A must for all ELT teachers. Very specially beginners.
The instructors in the videos made the content more interesting and applicable.
thanks a million the best and the easiest to have a respected material online .
I think this course is really practical and useful. Thank you all for the help!
Great course, I have learned a lot from it. Thanks coursera and all professors.
An excellent foundation that sets the scene for future studies in ESL teaching.
Great course for learning the basics and getting started with teaching English.
From ths course, I could learn a mental attitude of mind as a biginner teacher.
Awesome instructors! A really nice and easy way to understand TESOL principles!
The course is presented extremely well, balancing both the information and fun!
I highly appreciate your course and i learnt a lot of things from this course.
The best course I have done so far on Coursera. Interesting and fun! Well done
The best experience, being part of these group. thnk you. for this opportunity
The course is very substantial. It  helped me improve my teaching performance.
It is the best of the best English course I have ever taken or heared about!!!
I really learnt a lot from this course, thank you Coursera, and Arizona state.
I really really liked this course. I think that is very sliding and enjoyable.
NEVER BEEN EXCITED TO CHECK EMAILS FOR THE PEER GRADED ASSIGNMENT! EXCELLENT!
highly recommended. Understandable language and useful, practical information
This was challenging and informative. I'm looking forward to the next course!
I really got many new techniques in teaching. It helps me during my sessions.
It was very helpful to learn the foundational principles of teaching English.
I absolutely love this course, along with the entirety of the specialization.
Small, digestible chunks and constant recap so you remember what you learned.
This course is a brilliant first step on the road to becoming a good teacher.
It was great!a lot of useful  information  and material!thank  you very much.
Excellent!  Well done!  Thank you for offering such an awesome course online!
A thoroughly enjoyable experience.  Well done . Information plus inspiration.
Simply superb course for anyone, who wants to pursue an English teaching job!
Very helpful and encourages us to push boundaries without burnout and stress.
I would like to thank our teachers for the outstanding course! Thank you all!
Thanks a lot I have learned a lot of new things from this course for myself.
I loved the course! Thank you so much for helped me became a better teacher.
THANKS  a billion it was a very great and unique introduction about teaching
It helped me to understand the foundation principles of language. Thank you!
it was a pretty interesting course. I have gained great insight. Impressive!
Shane is an amazing teacher, and the content of the course is very detailed!
Nice and compact course.  A lot of useful information and clear explanations
perfect start for those wanting to step into the field of language teaching!
i hope i can obtain all the certificate in TESOL and teach English to others
Well presented and fun course, with lot's of information which was new o me!
I like this course very much and I hope that I could continue other courses.
Learned a lot from the videos and from the activities. Thank you so much!!!!
a really helpful course. i get to know a lot of useful knowledge. thank you!
Excellent beginning, I am looking forward to the rest of the specialization!
Very enjoyable course, and immediately helpful in applying to my ESL classes
I enjoyed this course opened my eyes to new trains of thought for teaching.
It's really benifical course for me .To upgrade myself as language teacher.
well designed, rich materials.Dr Shane Dixon and Andrea are really amazing!
The information is good and presented well. I gained a lot from this class.
WHAT A GREAT INSIGHT INTO LANGUAGE TEACHING I HAVE SURELY LEARNT QUITE ALOT
easy to follow and understand for those whose major is not teaching english
It's absolutely amazing; the information, its organization and the teacher.
I really enjoyed and learned a lot in this course, I strongly recommend it!
Amazing and highly beneficial for teachers of English. Thank you very much.
This is a great course that is presented in a way that makes learning easy.
It's great for anyone interested in teaching ESL!!! I strongly recommend it
This course was engaging and opened my eyes to concepts I never considered.
It was a very enjoyable and useful course.Thank you for this opportunity .
This course is good and I wish all who want to teach English could enroll.
I really enjoyed this course, it made me open my mind to different things!
Very nice explanation of presenters and sharing their valuable experiences
It's the most useful course I've taken ever,and it's also very interesting
That was awesome and motivational. Thanks for all that efforts you put in.
Thank you so much to my instructors for instructing Ana Pelayo.Ana Pelayo.
Excellent course! It has been a great refresher since I graduated college.
Excellent course, very interesting lectures and professional teachers)))))
This course is a great introduction to the principles of teaching English.
Excellent course with relevant content, good directions and easy to grasp.
What a great course with so important tools to learn how to teach english!
I really enjoyed this course....Shane is a fantastic and engaging teacher!
Thank you very much for this great opportunity to learn TESOL in Coresera.
Great course, learnt a lot and got some good ideas to improve my technique
Great instructors and great information. I learned a lot from this course.
Thank you for the opportunity to learn and be a better version of myself.
This is a great program. I do not doubt to recommend this Specialization.
I love this course. Very intuitive, interesting, straightforward, concise
Very informative and very helpful in my first step as an English teacher.
Great course to hone your writing skills and embark upon enjoying career!
I learn a lot! Thanks and I'm looking forwards to starting the new one...
Very good course...good to get foundational context to language learning.
I have never studied any online lesson that is fascinating like this one.
I love this instructor and the course.  I highly recommend these courses.
Exceptional professors and content. Thanks a million for this initiative!
Wow:  He is Fantastic:   Danny Tukes-  I am really enjoying these courses
Excellent opportunity to specialize optimally from anywhere in the world.
The course is amazing! It's interesting and useful! Thank you very much!
Amazing course, I'm looking forward to the rest courses in this program!
Thanks, it helped me compress my previous knowledge into a perfect cake!
Very helpful, clear and easy to understand. I enjoyed this class so much
This course is so well done. I enjoyed it immensely and learned so much!
This course is very useful for those who are new to the teaching career.
This is an amazing course! The contents are great so as the instructors.
One of the best courses I have taken on MOOCs! I wish I knew it earlier.
The course is
worthwhile and enjoyable at the same time. Very inspiring!
This course was clear and simple, I really enjoy every step of the way.
I enjoyed every minute of this course! Very informative and motivating!
it is very good course,i love it .i have learnt a lot thank you so much
Great introductory course to the field. Interesting and easy to follow.
thanks a lot, it was too good , i really get benefit from it keep going
It was awesome experience, the instructor Shane is really mind blowing.
Thank you for providing such a useful information for reasonable price!
It is a fantastic course and I have learned many skills in this course.
This is a well produced and presented course, ideal for rank beginners.
Excellent! Everything is explained superbly. The teachers are so cool!
It was very beneficial for me, I have learnt a lot, thank you so much.
It's an exceptional course. Highly recommend it! I have learned a lot.
A well organized course which was engaging right from the beginning...
Great course! I've learned so much about language teaching principles.
Full of practical information which is easily applicable in real life.
Thank you very much not only was it helpful I enjoyed it a great deal.
The best illustration of teaching regarding suggestions. I enjoyed it.
Thank you for this wonderful opportunity to be part of this course. 😊
Loved it! It was very informative, clear, and to the point. Thank you!
I am able to become a better teacher of English thanks to this course!
It is always good to review some Foundational Principles. Good course.
Well-structured course about the fundamentals about teaching English.
This is course was interesting, clear, and helpful! I really like it!
A course that highlights the future of Language Teachers.. Admirable.
I learned a great deal from this course. Excellent breadth and depth.
Good introduction to various approaches and methods to teach English.
Thank you so much ,this was more than helpful and enjoyable as well .
it was my first course on Coursera and it was amazing and fascinating
This course was really helpful! Specially the "teacher burnout" part.
It was really perfect. I hope, other courses will be perfect as well.
Good course I useful from first part but I have a problem with verify
It is great course! It's informative and I love the lecturer's smile.
Great course! I learned many interesting things to apply in my class.
It's a very interesting and interactive course. I recommend it a lot!
Fenomenal course, I loved the contents and off course, the TEACHERS!
I cannot thank you enough for this wonderful and informative course.
Fantastic introduction to the series!  Dr. Dixon is a great teacher!
I LOVED IT, Thank you so much for this lovely and very useful course
I think this quarantine was useful that I could learning new stuffs.
I loved it!!! Great course!!! Thanks to professors for everything!!!
Very useful course. It`s interesting, inspiring and without "water".
Great information given in a very consistent and easy to understand.
What a wonderful course! Inspiring, motivating, fun! Thanks so much!
Relevant learning and outstanding strategies for language educators!
Very informative, engaging, lots of interesting metaphors and ideas!
Thank you for this useful and exciting cource! It really enjoyed it!
A great course with easily understandable information and materials.
Enjoyed this first module! Learned a lot and the teachers are great!
highly recomendable to teachers who want to refrehen their knowledge
This course helped me take my life in my hands! It can help you too!
This course is worth every minute and every penny you will spend. A+
Awesome course! Lot's of details and very educational informational!
It was one of the most rewarding experiences of my life, thank you!
It was a really great course! Thank you, dear teachers very much!!!
I enjoyed the simple way everything was explained. I learned a lot!
I really liked this course and totally find it useful and effective
It was an excellent educational experience. I´ve learned so much!!!
The courses are easy to understand with good contents. The contents
A great course with excellent lecturers and awesome classmates XD!!
A very useful course. Never boring. Thanks a lot to the developers!
It is a useful course for me. Those principles would help me a lot.
Excellent course for the Teaching of English as a Foreign Language.
I enjoyed this course, lots of good advises and knowledge.  Thanks!
An excellent course especially for new teachers. Thank you so much!
I like this course, it is really helpful! The teachers are awesome!
great foundation course, gets you working on a knowledge portfolio!
Just amazing! I cannot praise this course highly enough! Thank you!
This course is very good. I learned lots of methods for my career.
I have learned a lot with regards to teaching language. Thank you.
Thanks to ASU Team, I improved my teaching skills.Thanks a lot!!!!
I was enlightened and triggered to renoval my teaching principles!
The course is very useful and instructors are awesome.Thank you :)
It is really worth for people seeking a career in education field.
Thank you very  much for your supports! I loved eveything you did!
Teach English Now! is a highly informative and interesting course.
It is really amazing and it's a must to be a professional teacher.
I had a very positive experience with Teach English now. Thank you
Thank you for a great and engaging course!!! It helped me a lot!!!
Truly helpful! It's an engaging boost by going back to the basics.
So far it has been amazing, exceeding all expectations. Thank you.
The ideas are brilliantly presented and the exercises are relevant
A great lecture not only for TESOL but also for general teaching.
Awesome course. So much to learn! Already practicing it in class.
Excellent! Thank you Dr. Nixon for bringing such wonderful class!
Wow! It's my first course on this platform and I am so impressed!
I found this course very interesting, engaging and easy to learn!
thank you very much for your assessments in the teaching process.
Learned a lot from this course can not wait to start the next one
I really like this course, thank you so much for new knowledge :)
Great beginning to a great certification program!  I am ecstatic!
Excellent way to learn how to teach English as a second language.
Great course content. Very useful and informative. Thank you all.
Very pleased with my experience. This is a good foundation class.
Love this course.  I looked forward to the video and peer essays.
Excellent Course. I aboslutely recommend it. Excellent educators.
Excellent teachers. Content and techniques were so easy to learn.
Great course. Very clear explanations. I can't wait for the rest.
great course!! well explained and dinamic, I loved it!! thank you
Super useful input. I really enjoy going here to learn everyday.
Excellent course. Learnt many things new about teaching English.
Thank you TESOL team. Had a wonderful experience with you guys..
I loved every single one of the videos. Great job on the course!
This was an excellently designed course, with thorough material.
This is really amazing, many thanks to Arizona State University.
I like this course and i will keep learning the rest of courses.
Thanks a million. It was a really exceptional experience for me.
I love it. the teachers are great! Everything is well explained.
I loved! The teachers, techniques, content are great! Thank you!
There is so much valuable and usable information in this course.
Very motivating. I liked the way the teachers presented material
I like this course. It's a very good course for English teacher.
I learnt a lot from this course and it really opened a new persp
Love the videos and the professors-very engaging and insightful.
Learnt lots of language acquisition methods. Highly recommended.
Great course! The presenters are entertaining and inspirational.
Amazing Instructors!  Amazing Information!  Thank You So Much!!!
this is one of the most enjoyable courses i have ever attended !
I really learn a lot of useful skills from the teacher in the vi
This course really give me powerful insight in Teaching English.
I like short and sweet and metaphors and how we reflect to them
It's a very nice course, well explained and with great content.
This cours was high quality ! Thank you so much, is very useful
Special thanks to dr.Shane and dr. Dixon! You are awesome guys!
after taking  this course , I would like to say that is awesome
One of the best courses! Creative presentation and rich content
I love this course. It is really useful to my career. Thank you
Thank you, thank you very much. I highly recommend this course.
Perfect introduction, the teachers are inspiring and empowering
I liked the teaching style! Very informative and entertaining.
You could have online conferences in live , with the students.
Very helpful and instructive, amazing guidelines and teachers.
I really enjoyed the metaphors applied to teaching approaches.
Great course with very useful information to use for teaching.
The course is super useful! I've learnt loads of new technics!
This course was really amazing !. Thanks to ASU and Coursera !
The course was well designed and very useful for me. Thank you
The professors are the best! I am enjoying this course series.
Excellent, it is complete and gives teachers new perspectives.
Quite interesting course. I learned a lot through this course.
Thank you for your inspiring ideas.We are so happy to meet you
I find this course very useful for teaching English. Enjoy it!
In a word: Great! Great content, organization, great teachers!
Marvelous, I wish I had done it just after receiving my degree
very helpful and enlightening. great teachers you are! THANKS!
Thank you for developing such interesting and useful lessons!
excellent content and learning, could not have asked for more
If you want to add some more technique, than you must try it.
Very useful, make  me have a deeper understanding of teaching
Good course to start learning about how to be a good teacher.
Insightful, well-structured, and very entertaining to follow!
it' s best course of basic understanding of English teaching!
This course is great! I have learnt a lot of new information.
It's really beneficial and usefulI've learned a lot Thank you
This course was really beneficial for me. thanks to teachers.
Resourceful insights for me to start ESL learning experience!
It was great. Looking forward to completing the rest of them.
It is worth a course to take as a teacher to upgrade yourself
Excellent Teacher - The best online Teacher I have ever seen.
I really loved the great concepts and metaphors by Dr Shane.
I took great opportunity to study and earn TESOL certificate
clear and easy to understand. Very dynamic and entertaining.
THANK YOU!!! i have learned a lot of methods and techniques.
I highly enjoyed this course. Good structure, great teacher!
FANTASTIC TEACHERS. Motivating and with a very good content.
Thanks for these valuable lessons and wonderful presentation
Excellent course. Well paced and always engaging. Great job!
it was very interesting! I have known a lot  new information
Thank you coursera for the wonderful experience. God bless!
I'm  learning useful ways of teaching thanks for moderators
It was helpful /  refreshing and fundamentally illuminate .
Very nice beginning of TESOL. Looking forward for the next.
Its excellent course for anyone who wants to teach English.
This course was really very helpful. Thanks for the support
Thank you very much, very inspiring and clear. Worth doing!
Very useful and meets the needs for teaching English career
Really instructive and practical course, really enjoyed it!
Fun and helpful. Never got bored and learned a lot. Thanks!
I loved this course, well made, personable and informative.
This was a highly motivating and very comprehensive course.
It was an awesome course! Great thanks to all of your team!
It's great. It really broadened my perspective on teaching.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course and was hooked from day 1!
Great course to anyone who wants to teach second languages.
New concepts ! Great assignments ! and fantastic teachers !
Great introduction to the world of learning for everybody.
Amazing course! I learned a lot. Dr. Shane is exceptional.
Excellent foundational Information for teaching a language
Great course! really interesting, inspiring and motivating
This course hones the skills of English Language teachers!
Amazing and so beneficial in developing my academic career
Interesting and formative. They practice what they preach!
Amazing course I have enjoyed every single minute of it 😍
very useful course I would definitely recommend to friends
Bravo ASU!! Very helpful, professional and fun, thank you!
Very well planned course delivered by dedicated lecturers!
Really ,I enjoyed this course too much .Thanks Dr. Dixon.
Fantastic Course. I really enjoyed it. Great information.
I really liked the content, and the way it was presented.
Excellent starting point for new to experienced teachers!
That was a year ago but really compelling and informative
This is an awesome experience and a fine way of learning.
it is very good program and I really enjoyed learning it.
I am happy I did this course it was really an eye opener.
Shane Dixon's an awesome guy. I love watching his videos.
gives basic important knowledge of what teaching is about
Awesome!! Useful, concrete, dynamic, fun... I loved it!!!
Really help me to understand more about my teaching style
I'm gettinh excited everytime I open the course! Thanks!
Everything was great! I definitely recommend the course!
Thank you coursera staff. That was absolutely wonderful.
Thank you. It was really helpful course. I learned a lot
I'm really happy to take this course. Thank you so much!
Useful tips, many resources available and good readings.
A journey worth the effort! Great course and experience.
Awesome instruction, really want to stay with the course
Excellent for new English teachers, very well organized!
I've learned much from this course ! Thank you very much
It is the most usefull and instructive course that a per
It was amazing and really enjoyed of learning thank you
Thank you very much. I have learned so many new things.
Very informative and effective English teaching course.
Thank you very muchIt was really a wonderful experience
I've learned a lot from this course, thank you so much!
Great course. I am glad I learned the first principles.
Amazing course presented by just two amazing professors
This course is well-organized, interesting and helpful.
A truly helpful course for teachers! Thank you so much.
his course changed my view on my profession! Thank you!
I have learned a lot of things that is useful so thanks
This course is a wonderful and useful for young teacher
I am glad for joining this course,thanks for everything
Very interesting perspective. I loved the methaphors :)
a very well structured and super well delivered course.
I adore itthank you every one,doctors and my classmates
Excellent, every TESOL teacher should take this course.
Such a wonderful module! I have started learning again!
love the course, love the instructors!just the best :)
The course is great! It surpassed all my expectations!
Thank you from the bottom of my heart for this course!
Really thought provoking. I enjoyed this course a lot.
it is a perfect course to improve the english language
Great experience! I really enjoyed taking this course!
Very good course to update language teaching resources
Thanks for giving me the opportunity to do this course
well explained and the cake analogy is very well used.
I've learned alot and am thankful for this oppurtunity
everything is superb a bunch of thanks for your course
thoroughly enjoyed this course. Dr. Dixon was amazing.
The course was extremely engaging as well as flexible!
Engaging. Excellent material and fabulous opportunity.
Really nice course, easy way to work it! I enjoyed it!
It was very useful course for me, thank you very much!
Great course and excellent teacher! I like it so much!
Amazing, I really enjoyed the first part of the course
Thanks a lot!!! I love the way you give information!!!
Chloe KimIt is totally an awesome one you should take!
I am enjoying this course very much! Worth time in it.
I liked this course very much, and it is very useful.
thank you so much. it was a very useful course for me
Thanks for this course.  Great and useful information
A truly great course. Thank you for this opportunity!
I loved the teachers and their way of putting things.
I like the lector. He's good. Very informative course
IT very helpful to improve our skill of speak English
It was simple and educational! I highly recommend it!
very cooperative and impressive teaching Coursera had
Thank you very much! I really loved all the lectures!
Everything was well explained. It's very informative.
I learn a lot of interesting things from this module.
Excellent course for establish concept about teaching
I really enjoyed it , lots of helpful information too
Great introduction to the leading principles of TESOL
An insightful introduction into language teaching :)
thanks for this course. very interesting and useful.
I am glad to have discovered this course for myself.
Great course and amazing presentation! Thanks a lot!
This is really nice course with a logical structure.
Great learning methods. A very dynamic online class.
It was really very interesting course. Thanks a lot.
Thanks for all teachers and instructional designers!
Nice and really helpful to understand some concepts.
I thank deeply for the opportunity you build for us.
It was an amazing experience learning with coursera.
Great, I learned many useful and interesting things.
Enjoyed it - concise and allows for further research
It was very helpful to learn how to teach students.
Easy to follow, engaging content.  5 stars, easily.
The course is highly valuable and very interesting.
I enjoyed it very much. It was very helpful and fun
Such an incredible course! I love Coursera so much!
Highly recommended. Fabulous course to learn Tesol.
Very interesting, original and exciting explanation
Very direct and easy to follow without heavy lingo.
Its a good start for a teacher of English language.
Simply, clear and fun, very dynamic  and inspiring!
It was an amazing experience learning from you guys
Excellent course!!The teachers were simply amazing!
GREAT COURSE AND GREAT TEACHERS! I REALLY LOVED IT!
What an engaging and informative course! Thank you!
Love this course! can't wait to start TESOL Part 2!
The best andrewarding course that I have ever seen.
Thank you! A very interesting and enjoyable course.
Very informative and interesting. Loved the format.
Very interesting! I am enjoying taking this course!
Loved everything about this course!  Great teacher!
It is the wonderful course! Thank you, professors!
THE COURSE WAS VERY IMPORTANT AND VERY INFORMATIVE
It was a great experience . Thanks for everything!
The courses are very nice and logically. Congrats!
great course from great team. thank you very much.
Course content and way of teaching both are great.
Very informational and the instructors were great!
Perfect  ... I really got a lot thank you coursera
you are all the best , thanks for u all , love u .
Really good course. Thank you all for your effort.
The course is great. I enjoyed every minute of it.
Happy to have found this course! Very informative.
It's an excellent informattive & skillfull course.
Excellent course for new ESL or language teachers.
A good balance of videos, reading and assessment.
Great instructors and amazing materials provided!
A very valuable introduction to teaching English.
Very relavant information I wish I knew years ago
The content of this course is very useful for me.
45/5000


Good teaching technique, good teachers.
Thank you for the course. I have learned so much.
I loved! It really tought me a lot of new things.
Course is a very good foundation to Teach English
It was an amazing experience to join this course!
Completely revolutionized my teaching philosophy!
YOU ARE INCREDIBLY WONDERFUL. THANK YOU VERY MUCH
Such a good introduction to learn about teaching.
one of the best courses that I have ever attended
Engaging and thought provoking. Wonderful course!
Excellent explanation. Great delivery! Thank you.
Excellent course! Very inspiring and well taught
A very wonderful course with wonderful lecturers
Such a perfect chance to acquire how to teach!!!
It's very useful and exciting. I really enjoy it
very interesting material, totally recommend it!
Great course, love the content and presentation.
My first online course....hope not the last one.
i spent   a great  time  in learning this course
Helpful, informative and not complicated at all.
Great course, I am learning  so much. Thank you!
Wonderful! I will continue my study on Coursera.
Great content and concepts on learning methods .
I really love this course. Absolutely inspiring.
Excellent staff, well organized course structure
I've learned a lot of usefull things! Thank you!
Teachers are fantastic. Lessons are interesting.
EXCELENT, GOOD METHODOLOGY, I LOVED THIS COURSE
Very well-organized overview of the profession.
Great course! Great staff! Great, Great, Great!
it was short and full of information. thank you
brilliant learn a lot from this course honestly
It is such great course I learned a lot from it
it was so empowering i've learn a lot thank you
That was interesting and helpful! Thanks a lot!
I love this course, great content and teachers.
best one I have seen so far. Love you coursera!
Excellent course...looking forward to the rest!
I really enjoyed the course . Thank you so much
The course is excellent.The staff is excellent.
awesome I enjoyed the courser so much Thank you
An interesting class every teacher should take!
Why it is not written TESOL on the certificate
Hige thanks for everyone . It is really great.
I learned amazing tips about teaching English.
I learned a lot from this course. Thanks a lot
It's been a great pleasure taking this course!
This course is very engaging and I enjoyed it.
This course has opend a whole new world to me!
It was extremely useful for my teaching career
I've learned a lot, thank you Coursera and ASU
It's very useful and well presented. I enjoyed
Loved the commitment of the professors, thanks
Amazing to learn basic theory of ESL teaching.
Very great course to improve teachers' carrier
you can learn a lot from this course. thanks s
very useful ,many thanks.God bless all of you.
Excellent course, but where is my certificate?
Great course. Essential for every ESL teacher.
Exellent opportunity to gain great experience!
Well designed course. Thank you for creaters.
It was very useful for me! Thanks ASU for it!
I wish there were more stars for this course!
I love it. It really helped me a lot. Thanks!
The Professors are nice, sympa, and excellent
Easy to follow and clearly stated. Excellent!
Muy buen curso, me encanto.I Love this course
just getting started! feel like worth to take
Excellent from start to finish! So enjoyable!
Excellent course. The learning was wonderful
Beyond my expectations! Everything is great!
This course is the best one I have ever seen
This module gave a holistic look to learning
Great experience. Recharging and refreshing.
It was amazing experience for me. Thank you.
PRECISE AND EXPLICIT TEACHING.. THANKS A LOT
Very complete course! I highly recommend it.
I like how language teaching is simplified .
GREAT 101! CLEAR, WELL STRUCTURED.  HELPFUL.
Wonderful course.  Engaging and informative.
It really helped a lot. Thank you very much
Excellent and everything is well explained!
Thank you Coursera Arizona State University
thank you so much this course is so helpful
Well done. I love how you can take notes...
Absolutely awesome. Bravo to you all. Vicki
Educational, straightforward, and painless.
thank you for that course it was super good
thank you so muchveryy useful and motivatin
simple and easy to understand and practice.
Very good course. You actually learn a lot.
Amazing course. I've really learned a lot.
Thank you so much for the precious content
I like this class, I learned much from it!
easy to digest. easier to actively engage.
Very enjoyable and informative! Thank you!
Wonderful course. Thank you Coursera team.
Great material and really like the videos.
I learned a lot. Thank you for the course.
best course ever thanks to our instructors
Great topics and fun !! 100 % recommended.
Good couse with clear and complete content
PERFECT CONTENT AND BEST ONLINE TEACHERS,!
Wonderful teachers and excellent contents.
Engaging and interesting with good pacing.
Fantastic content and delivery! Thank you!
Thank you! This is a fun and useful class.
A very helpful course on English teaching!
excellent course thanks Arizona from Egypt
Thanks for a great and informative course!
I love the training and the teachers! Than
Very well organized and taught. Thank you!
Thank you for this wonderful opportunity!
This is course is amazing, I learn a lot!
Thank you! It was useful and interesting!
Excelent teachers. I love all the course.
Incredible Course... I'll do them all !!!
well done, it's really perfectbest wishes
It was really interesting and informative
It's an interesting and educative course.
Very useful course and very good teachers
I think it is very useful for any teacher
Great course fundamentals. Really enjoyed
very cute course, comprehensive and clear
Number one, prelude to the other courses!
it is very interesting and useful course
a lot of technique. Thank you so much!!!
i do appreciate you i really got benefit
Thanks for this course, I learned a lot!
A must have for all teachers of English!
Very useful and interesting information!
Thanks for your support! Amazing course.
It will surely adds something new to you
Very good course!!!! It teaches a lot!!!
A very useful course! I like it so much!
for novice teacher that's what they need
It exceeded my expectations!! Thank you!
one of the best Moocs I have ever taken.
I learned how to be an language teacher.
God I loved this course, loved teachers
enriched course thanks for your support
Very comprehensive and creative course.
Great introduction for English teaching
Wonderful use of metaphors!Thank you :)
I am glad that i am taking this course.
A great experience for teaching English
Amazing course for any English teacher.
Really a good course to make you think.
I like it so much. It is really useful.
Great information presented in modules.
It was really amazing and useful course
Good course, i have learn alot of thing
Absolutely Amazing and Engaging Course!
This course is very useful for teacher
Nice teachers, nice content, loved it.
It was a pleasure to take this course.
VERY GOOD COURSE!!! I learned so much!
The course is both fun an informative.
Teacher is great so are the techniques
Super interesting and valuable course!
Great course, I am very happy about it
Really the best course and teachers...
Great course taught well and in detail
I learnt so much from this first week.
A very useful and interactive website.
Thanks for helping me to teach better!
Great course! Dixon Shane is the best!
nice content and wonderful lectures!!!
nice to study with such great teachers
It is a good course and easy to learn!
Very grateful! I have learned so much.
Excellente course, loved the material!
I'll recommend to takle this course!!!
Presentation of information is amazing
very useful course, helped me a lot:)
Well done. I had fun & learned a lot.
very insightful and mind illuminating
A lot f useful foundational knowledge
wonderful course. thank you very much
Great course. Loved doing each module
Very challenging course but worth it.
it was really great course. thank you
thanks for giving a great opportunity
I learned something useful, thank you
I learned a lot! Totally recommended.
Very helpful , creative and original.
Great course and Amazing instructors!
A very interesting course. Thank you!
It's great! I recommend this program.
Simple but great course, I loved it.
Good course! I was enjoying so much!
It was very useful, and informative.
I LIKE  THIS  PROGRAM.THANKS  A  LOT
Very good analogy used for teaching.
Great course. Fun and great content.
It was a great experience thank you.
very important lessons and motivated
Amazing Course, Amazing Teachers!!!!
Great course and easy to understand!
Thank you. I learned many things :))
Very interesting and helpful course.
I recommend this course for everyone
I learned a lot through this course.
This course was fun and informative.
Very Informative and well presented.
The teachers are amazing! Thank you!
Fantastic course with GREAT content!
It is an excellent Course,. Thanks!
Great content and perfect teachers.
Very useful and interesting course!
worth joining ! wonderful teachers!
Thank you so much, I learned a lot!
Very good contents and instructors.
Great, easy and interesting course.
amazing course i really recommended
A good start to learn how to teach.
Great course to study at your speed
perfect.I liked it very much.Thanks
Encouraging... Thank you very much!
Very well presented course. Thanks!
Wonderful course, I really enjoyed
Thank you for wonderful experience
EXCELLENT! The best english course
Wonderful and very helpful course!
Very engaging course!)) Thank you!
It was great, I strongly recommed!
Excellent course, very well taught
a great course and a great teacher
It was very helpful course for me!
amazing & worth taking this course
You do a great job. Thank for all.
Interesting and very entertaining!
Most wonderful course , I love it.
such a fun and educational course
It was super fun and interesting!
Very engaging and easy to follow.
It was awesome experience for me.
Loved the videos with transcript.
Very interesting, I learnt a lot.
Excellent training for any level.
I enjoyed learning in this class.
great course and great lecturers.
Great intro to teaching language.
Great! I loved to learn this way!
Great lectures, it was a pleasure
inspiring and interesting course!
I enjoyed all the video lectures!
Extremely helpful and reflective!
Enjoyable and informative course
Very easy to understand and fun!
Excellent material and teachers!
It was a wonderful experience !!
Quick, easy and engaing modules.
It was great and very inspiring!
It is a wonderful course indeed!
Really interesting. Thx alot ^_^
This course has helped me a lot!
It's excellent very informative.
Very practical and very helpful!
amazing sequence of this project
Thank you a lot! Great Teachers!
great professors. very inspiring
Really nice course. I enjoyed it
Good introduction to the course!
Thanks to wonderful instructors
One of the best I have ever had
This course is super well done!
Amazing. Simply and interesting
Excellent classes and teachers.
Great Course. Thank you so much
The course offers great content
good course I really enjoyed it
Excellent trainers. Keep it up!
great and very useful course :)
Nice course. I've learned a lot
Great lessons, I enjoined much.
Incredible  I love this course.
Exceptional Course. Loved it :)
It is useful and quite helpful.
Basic theory is very essential.
Great professional development!
This course inspires me a lot!
Great course and great content
Easy to follow in small parts.
Fantastic....easy to navigate!
Amazing and interesting course
Great content and methodology!
very enlightening and helpful.
I learned a lot of strategies.
It is a great course I love it
It was a very engaging course.
wow! i did it! Thanks for evb!
a perfect experience - thanks!
It is the best place to learn.
Really enjoyed the instructors
Dr Shane Dixon is a star!!!!!!
Simple but absolutely helpful
Awesome course. Thank you all
Very good course.  I love it!
Very beneficial and explicit.
Videos are not boring at all.
loads of interesting material
Everything is just excellent!
fantastic course and lecturer
Huge! Very nice. Recommended!
Best online teacher training!
I enjoyed being in the course
Awesome course, very helpful!
Very inspiring and practical!
Great, easy to follow course!
I enjoyed this course a lot!!
Very interesting. I loved it!
A very well presented course.
Excellent, clear and concise
Awesome in every single way.
Nice work you have done guys
great lesson. learned a lot!
Amazing course! I loved it !
Wonderful, simply wonderful!
I enjoyed doing this course!
Great course, very inspiring
Great Course and instructors
Extremely helpful thnx a lot
very instructive and helpful
its a nice course, Thank You
i really enjoyed that course
i will love English with you
Great course! I loved it! :)
Really good and informative.
an awesome way of teaching..
Thank you for everything ..
It was a great help for me.
That was a great adventure.
Excellent way of learning!!
VERY USEFUL EDUCATION.Thanx
crystal clear ideas, useful
A great course for teachers
The greatest course ever <3
Excellent and very helpful!
Informational and engaging!
really great course .thanks
Thanks so much for the help
It's very amazing and handy
I learned a lot of things .
Excellent! I liked to much.
The best I have ever seen .
Efficient way for learning.
Great course! I enjoyed it!
I got much a lot , thanks！
This course is just WOOOOW
great opportunity to learn
Very clear and understood.
it's a very useful course.
A great course! Thank you!
Fantastic engaging course!
really good I learn a lot!
Excellent teaching method!
A smart course! I love it!
you are great thank you :)
Really.. Awesome Course :)
It is very helpful for me!
A great course, I love it.
Wonderful Class! Thank you
It was amazing experience.
Very professionally done.
Can't wait to learn more!
Great course! I loved it!
Thanks for the great work
great start, easy and fun
Great examples . thanks .
Great course, I love it!!
The teachers are amazing.
Perfect for new teachers.
Dr. Shane Dixon is great!
happy from the coursera..
I really enjoy the videos
Great course on teaching!
Nice Teacher and lessons
ıts the best course ever
The course was too good.
It was very interesting.
I learned a lot, thanks.
absolutely great course!
Amazing and 100% useful!
Excelent! Really useful!
thank you all i love you
Fun and straightforward!
Loved it, learned a lot.
Thanks for teachers!!!!
Shane was just awesome.
Perfect!!! Thank you!!!
Such a wonderful course
Great and useful course
It is very interesting!
this is a great course!
Amazing, thank you all.
The best course ever!!!
it was really fantastic
Very inspiring. Thanks!
In love with our profe!
this course is the best
Great！It helps me a lot
Great course!! Love it!
Tanks 1 good education
The course is amazing!
It is an useful course
It was a Grest course!
A great basic course!!
It's an amazing course
Wow! I really like it!
Better than I expected
its really a great job
Great course!! Thanks!
Thoroughly enjoyed it.
the best one i like it
Very practical indeed!
I absolutely loved it.
I definitely liked it
Exceptional Knowledge
Great and fun course!
very easy to complete
I love it! Thank you!
Life changing course!
Very well! Thank you!
this course is very h
This course is GREAT!
I learned a lot here!
I like this coursera
I enjoy this course.
Masterfully created!
Great! Just great =)
Great! Learned a lot
Fun and very useful!
The best course ever
unprecedented course
Highly recommend it.
Great course thanks
It's so beneficial.
It was pretty cool.
Fun and Interesting
great course indeed
more than womderful
Amazing instructors
very proffesional.
very good course .
beneficial courses
very good teachers
Awesome Education.
Rich and enjoyable
It was fantastic¡
Simply wonderful!
More than amazing
I learned a looot
It's Interesting.
Simply excellent!
Simply excellent
itswellorganised
GraciasThank you
Just the best...
It’s fantastic!
Simply on point
A Great course!
This was such a
I am loving it!
Shane is great!
Thanks Shane!!
Comprehensive.
it was so nice
Love it so far
thanks a bunch
It is the best
This course he
very fruitful
Ggreat course
great classes
Brilliant ..
So organized
it´s great!
Awsome !!!
Great One
thanxx
