I thought this course was uninteresting, hard to understand in some of its language & with the way that it explained some things as well as when it came to directions and what was expected of you for certain assignments particularly essays. Parts of the course lacked direction and one could argue that some of the material was heavily biased. I would also like to say that many of the articles and videos outside Coursera that we were asked to read and watch were either no longer active or hidden behind a pay wall which made it hard to complete some assignments and understand certain parts of the course. Most of the videos were long, rambling, and hard to follow. A lot of the language and ideas/laws discussed seemed largely geared toward certain European countries or Europe as a whole and didn't really apply much to the United States. Certain parts of the course would say that they were optional or that participation in that section was optional but if you had not completed that exercise you would not be able to finish other assignments later down the line which could get kind of confusing, if something is "optional" you should not have to participate in it in order to complete the course.
Difficult to follow, data seems to be out of date, lots of stereotypes, and not much knowledge about the world outside of Europe!
It. is not always easy to understand what they are saying as the teacher talk fast, which make it difficult to follow a lesson on a field is not your expertise. I find the in-video prompt questions quite disruptive and, as some other people have already mentioned, the correct answers keep changing. I feel it needs some improving before being ready.
Having students marking each other is not a productive way for students to learn.
Unable to do tests or apply for financial aid for this course. Unfortunately couldn't finish. Videos and topic was very interesting.
more fun elements may be included,
Great course overall; however, the cases should be more broadly applicable. There was an assumption that everyone had a workplace encounter and that they worked in a company with a diversity initiative with which they were intimately familiar.
The course was a valuable learning experience. The readings provided a global view of D&I.  I especially liked the case study assignment and the peer reviews.  I gave this course a 4 Star rating because of the statements that this course is "for the young, by the young".  I believe this is contradictory to D&I!!! I am 60 years old and a learning and development professional  for over 30 years.  This course is valuable to all age and career levels. It seems very odd that this course would discriminate based on age? I highly recommend to remove that language from the course as it violates the principles of the content.
Great introduction and not only for new professionals. Very interesting videos and articles.If you want to read all the provided documents, you need to allow more time to this course than indicated. You don't need to read everything to pass the course but it's really rewarding.It will be great to name the participants (subtitle) who participate to the video.
I enjoyed the course very much. It opened my eyes to what I had previously thought of as accepting diverse people to leading to a better and more complete understanding of diversity in the workplace.  I am excited to brings these learning tools to my current job and hopefully to educate others about diversity.
I greatly appreciated the content provided in this course and the global perspectives woven throughout the content. That multi-national approach was incredibly effective in better understanding the complexities that exist when solving for both quantified and qualified advancements in D&I.
This course has given me the foundation to understand the complexity of Diversity and the importance of Inclusion not only in work but in everyday living.  It would be helpful if the information could be updated to 2020 as lots has taken place since this course was written.
I would have like to see more recent examples and information.  I only saw one excerpt that was 2010 throughout the entire course. D&I is more prevalent than ever now, and having  more current statistical information would be helpful to those in and exploring this field.
There were several videos with audio that was difficult to hear. And there are several links in Week 3 lesson that were dead.Assignments could have been more clear.Enjoyed the international perspective and the use of real-life cases.
It was a very insightful program, brought to mind some revelations and I have gained a new purpose towards Diversity and Inclusion. This will help me to really want to do something for my organization.
It is a brief yet information packed to get enough knowledge on what diversity and inclusion is about. It will be great if there are more or even higher learning available to follow up this course.
Enjoyed the peer review and peer group discussions it made the course more enjoyable.  It brings thoughts, opinions, and views of others to see other sides of the case reviews within the course.
This was an interesting course that gave me a deeper understanding of diversity and inclusion in the workplace globally. I believe the content needs to be refreshed and statistics updated.
Use of the word 'colored' is inappropriate in some countries and some of the information seemed outdated but overall, good course.
I really enjoyed the course. Many global examples were provided which were really helpful. Really great course!!
It's good. Ok okiesh good. You may give it a hand. Teaches you the basics of this stuff.
The week 4 peer review assignment instructions and rubric do not align.
Very informative, engaging course. Enjoyed the assignements very much.
A good course to learn about inclusive and diverse work environment!
Enjoyed the class. I just wished some of the links worked.
interesting course, it makes you see things differently
I learnt and enjoyed benefited from the course. I especially liked the way the course was designed , it had the perfect pace and flexibility. The material , presentations , videos were an immense knowledge sharing tools .
It was an inspiring course. Opened my understanding of diversity issues in general. I would recommend this course to anyone ready to embrace the cultural dynamic of our society.
I learned so much from a global perspective! This was really great information and helped me understand how to build my own foundation as I go further into DEI.
Excellent course, thank you. Information was clear, understandable, valuable. For me it was just enough challenging, not too easy, not too difficult. I liked it being divided into parts - Weeks 1-4. I hope to be able to come back to some videos later in my work. I liked the control questions towards the end of some vids, they kept me in check and I had to focus and listen attentively to the lectures. Oh, and the course was quite inexpensive. Tiny things to improve - some lecturers' audio was not quite there (technically mainly, but some accents were a tad heavy, too). I'd like to have known in advance (in intro perhaps) that the final essay would be a little demanding, I had to postpone my submission as I struggled gathering data. But these are little things and they do not stop me from giving the course 5 stars.
Diversity management play a key role in understanding new HR strategies for adding values to workplaces. Adding diversity and inclusion ( #D&I) is also a way to impact on emergent clusters of new customers to the firms values. 
In this course by Prof Junko Takagi of Essec Business School I analyzed issues connected to: 

- Gender diversity and women empowement
- intergenerational diversity (mixed workplaces with babyboomers, millennials and Z generation)
- people with disabilities 
- cultural and social diversity (multiculturalism)
- LGBT issues in the workplace

Is a really helpful lesson for understanding a new global trend in a deep way testing structural and cognitive bias for reaching new scenarios.
This was truly fascinating, especially for a non-diversity and inclusion professional in the midst of a career shift that may require a move closer to Human Resources. I really appreciated the volume of information presented in the 4-week period that had a mix of reading and video presentations. The case studies were also great — and reading the assignments of other students helped to understand the issue of D&I from a perspective that sometimes crossed oceans and borders.  I highly recommend this course.
Got trained in diversity and inclusion initiative, which i believe will give me professional and personal benefits which can be used for lifelong and also passed on to generations. Diversity and inclusion if taken on priority by every individual and nations it will take the globalisation to the next level. Enjoyed the course and the joy of learning is indeed irreplaceable. Thank you to Essec Business school and Coursera Team.Best RegardsSnigdha
This course is worth the effort to learn more about diversity and inclusion in the workplace. I graduated from college in the 1980s and we never studied this topic. I was looking to learn more in a structured manner more than reading some books. I am glad I found this course. There was a variety of material from different perspectives from around the world. The professor who led the course was excellent. I learned a great deal.
This  Inclusion and Diversity was a great course. It made me realize a lot of things about myself. I learned a lot about other countries and what they are doing. I have gained perspective on how I can now make a difference in the things that I genuinely believe in and want to change. The lectures and case studies did an excellent job of broadening and opening my mind. I will do other courses from Coursera.
It was a great course, you are able to see different points of view and understand why diversity is important and how does it affects the comunity. Doing the activities you can reflect and learn more and more and at the forum and reading the other activities you can see how is diversity in difference part of the world . I loved it and I think everybody should do this course.
The course was very well structured, with a great mix of videos, articles, helpful links and intriguing quizzes and assignments. The concept of Diversity and Inclusion is now well embedded in my system due to this fabulous course content. As a future young professional, I will definitely carry forward the objective of this course by ensuring D&I in my workplace!
I LOVED this course by all means. It has all the necessary resources that I will be able to use moving forward and share within my community. The information is extremely well balanced and walked through step by step, and the tests are challenging. You can totally tell all the work that comes behind that course, thank you.
Excellently constructed content delivered with passion and professionalism. An incredibly powerful introduction to the concept of diversity and inclusion - the use of presenters with different accents and nationalities was an exciting way to demonstrate what was being taught. I found the learning riveting and insightful!
This was an excellent course.  I found it to be very thorough, straightforward, and full of real-world issues - global perspective.  i also found it to be just the right level of challenge and academic level for me.  Thank you very much for broadening my understanding of Diversity & Inclusion in the workplace.
This program not only gave me a great understanding of the diversity and inclusion paradox but actionable steps to take within our organization. It also helped me understand my own behaviors and biases unlike ever before. I would highly recommend to anyone interested in D&I inside or outside company HR roles.
The course was very well made, the lectures interactives with short videos and readings, so easy to adapt to the everyday life schedule. I learned a lot about diversity and inclusion, especially to put words onto phenomena I would witness and this will surely help me in my professional life. Thanks a lot!
It has been an exciting journey. I would like to thank Coursera and ESSEC for giving me a splendiferous opportunity to learn about diversity and inclusion. This course has helped me broaden my vision and would definitely help me securing a job in a diverse environment.
The course is a great introduction to the topic. You'll get the basic ideas about diversity and inclusion (teaser - that's not the same) and learn the main principles of it. Some important names are mentioned in case if you want to start deepening your knowledge
I am so glad that I have enrolled in this wonderful course! It gave me an all-out view about all the Important issues that surround the diversity and inclusion issues. I feel that I am better equipped with meaningful knowledge. Thank you so much!
I really enjoyed this course. I think it served as a great foundation for my curiosity involving diversity and inclusion and how I can challenge my own thought processes -- the environment/culture I am shaping for my team within the workplace.
This was a great course about diversity and inclusion. I liked being able to interact with other class mates and see there takes on the same reading, videos and assignments. It was a great learning opportunity to dive deeper into diversity.
Well, just got the certificate today. THANKS FOR THIS BRILLIANT MOOC, as I didn't have any clue on what diversity and inclusion was all about. It was my first mooc in the management field but it definitely won't be my last.
I enjoyed the material and the work required, finding it insightful. 2 caveats - apparently it's aimed at "young people", which seems discriminatory in itself (I'm 58). Also some of the links from articles no longer work.
Gain a lot of great perspective and information for the LGBTQIA* community as they are vital in the workforce just like any other groups. The modules, video, presenters and other resources makes the class great to learn.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course and loved the different forms of media used to review the content. I would definitely recommend it for someone looking to find out more about current thoughts on diversity and inclusion.
Thank you to Junko Takagi for sharing a very valuable perspective to Diversity and Inclusion in the workplace. This is my first course with Coursera and I hope to do many more courses to learn about various topics.
This course was an excellent resource. Lots of interesting activities and cases. I would recommend this to anyone wishing to learn more about diversity, unconscious bias, and tips for a more inclusive workplace.
This course was very insightful. Instead of just understanding and using terms diversity and inclusion as some abstract concepts, the course helped me understand the related social and psychological aspects.
This is one of the best courses available on Diversity on Cousera !This course helped me learn many dynamics of diversity which I earlier had ignored. However, the LGBT laws in India have now changed.
It was a great course that had amazing data insights. The fact that the course forced you to write your own assignments and interact on discussion threads made it very interesting.
I recommend this course to anyone who wants to become a better leader. There is a long way to go to perceive diversity as a resource, but it is a challenge we must face and win
Amazing course with so much to learn I like that we had to write an essay which helped me really look back on everything i had learnt I am so impressed and cant wait to do more
I loved the international feel of the work. It was really great to see all of the different aspects, gender and age were a great aspect as well as race, LGBTQ and disability.
this course is great for anyone who works in a workplace with much differences between it's employees even if you have no manegereal roles you will know how to treat others
I really enjoyed this course. It challenged me to try and think differently. I also liked the global context with case studies from around the world. Thank you.
This course is an excellent source of Diversity and Inclusion data and helps provide strategies to application for diversity of thought within an organization.
A great insight into the Diversity&Inclusion world which is in the workplace and in life in general key to greater collaboration and human interractions.
Great course, an eye opener into how diversity is still not utilized enough and how we can help to change that. I look forward to learning more about it.
It helped me understand the worldwide  practise in the above topic and it has been great learning through the module, my wishes & thanks for the team
I have learned about diversity, and its importance from this course. This course is very important for everyone to bring equality in the society.
A fantastic course. Very in-depth without being too heavy, and even though I thought I was pretty au fait with these topics, I learnt a lot.
It is enlightening and I wish it could have been longer. I loved the case examples because it helped me to put things into perspective.
An excellent course that opens the mind to the structures, skills and important differences in learning and accepting diversity.
Great insights, serious exercises, feels like you can actually learn from this and start implementing change into your company.
The course was a great platform to learn and that too with the ease due to the relevant real life statistics & case studies.
Very well structured course. The knowledge is presented in a clear way which makes it easier to digest and memorize.
Great course. it would only be better if the grading system for submissions was not so laborious and time-consuming.
This was an eye-opening experience for me.  I recommend it for anyone who wants to be better versed on this topic.
High quality online course.Very well structuredVery good presentation and materialUseful/meaningful assessments
Had a great time doing this course. This course has opened my eyes to a lot of things which i wasn't aware of.
Interesting course with lots of learning points! Highly recommended for a better understanding on the topic.
Is interesting to analyze the evolution of the society in order to achieve better results as humans.
Fabulous course covering the concepts clearly with lot of examples. Enjoyed the course thoroughly.
The course was very detailed and structured. I learned alot and enjoyed the activities and videos.
A very comprehensive introduction to current Diversity & Inclusion thinking, theory and practice
Good Course with a lot of  background and multiple examples of diversity and inclusion cases.
Very helpful in understanding the different diversity issues and how to overcome them.
Very interesting and enlightening. I have a new perspective on what I thought I knew.
Great materials, information, and eye-opening ideas to implement within my company.
It was very much informational and i had an interesting time learning. Thank you.
Graet course. I will be using some principals and learnings in my current role.
Very good contents! The structure was very well organised and easy to follow.
Very good content with relevant study materials,case study and notes option.
Very insightful. Loved the content and teaching methodology of this course.
Very informative, i enjoyed the lectures, readings, assignments and exams
Really informative course and excellent beginners tool to the topic.
The gives a deeper understanding of managing diversity and inclusion
Excellent course with exceptional graphics and lesson material.
Truly got great deal out of this course on many levels.
Great course, learned a lot and loved the assignments!
I thoroughly enjoyed the course and learned a lot!
A very good introduction to the D&I topic.
Helpful and Insightful information!
Great course, thank you very much!
Very Insightful and interesting
great course. very helpful.
Excellent course! Thank you
Great introduction to D&I
such a great experience
Eye Opening course!
Really enjoyed this
A real eye opener
Thought-provoking
Good Learning Exp
Awesome course !
