The course is not sustained by the community or ESSEC Business School. Questions are let unanswered for more than 2 years. The content is not rich enough for being in Coursera platform. It would be great to include more presentations, articles and papers. The idea is great but the implementation is not. Not comparable to other courses in the platform.
A lot of repeat and not enough details and practicle use cases. Basic principle clear and references very good as an introduction
Theory was excellent. It was not very practice-oriented. Tests were not related to the content.
This course give a good overview of the history,  methods, techniques to be used to be successful in the transformationAn in depth session would be useful to practically use the proposed tools and have access to the ratings used by the tools
This course was very interesting for me: I learned principles, methods and Tools to conduct a change management project. And I would have liked more concrete examples applying methods and tools taughed in this course.
It was very helpful to get an holistic approach on change management. A lot of very practical insights as well that can be used in diverse professional set ups
Quite good and interesting course, I would probably add a bit more diversity is presentations, tasks etc. But even as it is now it gives a very good insight.
Excellent content introduction to change management. Would need practical exercices and study cases to be perfect!
some concrete examples would have been useful. some on the agile methodology were very goo and helped a lot.
The topic is interesting, the videos are clear but the animation of forums is minimalist...
Sometimes tests do not include what has been said in the videos!
Good lectures but lack of pratical exercises
We always have to thank and appreciate the assistance they have given us and hand in helping us when we need those who stand on our side, and we should always Nbouh them joy for their presence and appreciation for their support.
I was looking for practice my french, it was really good, i leran things that i want in a future to try and go ito. Please show examples of how is it explored and worked.
basics of change management theory in a compehensive way. Very much recommended to anyone who wants to getd systemized and structured knowledge on this topic.
Highly impressed by the quality and all the useful information that were displayed and easily understandable. thanks this was highly enjoyable and fruitful !
Very interesting class! Also I appreciate that the professors are not talking so fast as I'm not a native French speaker.
Very interesting. It gives a good view on the subject and now I'd like to know more about it! Thanks a lot. Catherine
Very useful to begin a change management strategy. Basics and relevant tools are well described
Very useful program combining theoritical and operational tools.
COURS TRES COMPLET
