Most of this information is just an introduction and promo for PWC. Cut the material down and incorporate it into the other classes of this specialization. As a stand alone class I don't see the value of the course.
Total loss of time.Why do you call this course Data driven decision making once "Remember you do not have to conduct actual data analysis, you only have to outline your plan."  ?Where is decision making? 4 weeks of PwC promo with 0 REAL PRACTICAL aplication! Just call this couse "Buy PwC services" or "Join the team of talkers"?Adios Coursera... I was expecting more.
Basically this course was an excellent promotion of PwC as a consultant. A well crafted introduction of buzz-words with very little substance (Unlike the following courses on Excel and presentations)
Disappointing.  Just brushed the surface of most of the topics, felt a bit too much like an ad for PWC or story telling about client engagements.  Content was lacking
This is not a course. It is a big fat ad.
Content marketing for pwc instead of an actual course
Too much theory, no practice. Blah-blah-bla
More of a webinar than a course.
it sucks
The reason why I am giving only one star  that the course did not covered much information and the time allotted could have been less than 4 weeks. So it was not really worth the money.
Course just for PwC internal purposes. Does not give real value for money because most of the students are participating for free (PwC employees)
Waaaay too many recruiting / client pitches / kool aid. I could have edited the course down 50% and learned the same amount.
very boring lectures. expected a lot more from something like PWC. Doesn't worth it at all. Didn't learn anything new.
How can a course with so many details tell you nothing at all !?!? What a complete waste of time!
take this course if you want a job with PWC, but there isn't much
Very low level content. No strategies or actionable lessons.
very little useful information, more like PR for PWC
non-practical course, concepts are only mentioned
Too much useless introductions.
empty talk, no content.
Had to re-enrol after failing the final peer review, not because the work was poor but because there is NO assessment criteria to go on. You just wing it. So ok I pay again - repeat the peer review - no feedback on the grade - have to re-enrol again - $71 later the message is my grade will be ready on Jan 16. What a rip off.
This is a general introduction with no practical applications or exercises in decision making. The instructors look like more stock actors from an infomercial with the personality of white bread.
Peer Reviewed Assignment not a well planned marking system. Grades can be to vary. Dependent on fellow students for pass not most ideal.
Blatantly unfair and subjective. Also, rubric doens't match the questions. The only good news: I learned some stuff.
Pathetic n hopeless.no tools on data analysis, only shallow talk about the importance f data analysis
Boring course, with little contents and lots of catch phrases.Most of it is PwC advertisement.
big words but very few substance
i want to unroll
Positive is that this course gives you basic understanding of data analysis. 2 weeks of this course went quite okay, although I noticed in the first week already that presenters are reading what they are saying. The third week is SO boring and I cannot wait for this course to end. I can say for me it's the most expensive and the most boring course on coursera so far. I tried several courses here and none of them was so bad. Honestly, I expected more from this one as it's PWC but honestly it seems to me like 'Yeah, let's read some paragraphs from fancy lectures and books and make some money of it'.
Its a basic and fast overview of big-data and some various tools. You don't really "apply" anything, just listen and read. This could have been a white-paper with short video accompanying. There were a mash-up of corporate sales and on-boarding videos that felt disjoint with the learning goals. The information is freely available on the web. I'm not clear on the added value in this MOOC.
Sounds more like soft sale of their services. No digging into real-life examples enough, they've given a brief overview of how they solved some real-life problem but without any details (similar to their web site). It is only mentioned types of analysis and tool without giving example of how that works in real-life. Could be much better...
Peer review is too slow on the final assignment. This drags out Coursera subscription, and the expectations on how to write the final assignment are not well defined. I give this course -2 stars for this reason. Otherwise it would be a 4/5 for a good introduction into business data analysis.
Gives a very high level overview of data analysis used in industry. This coursespecialization's discussion forums are not moderated by PwC people so you won't glean insight into how PwC folks handled specific situations.
This particular course was not worth the money. Lots of advertisement to work for PwC, not a lot of new ideas or new skillsets learned. I would recommend skipping this section.
Touched on some interesting topics, but not very practical. Course mentions data analytics technology (SAS, Tableau, Python), but you don't actually use any of the technology.
Very basic course and for me it's still a question why finishing the course in 5 days you need to pay for several month of subscription...
This course teaches you how to talk in an educated way about technology without really teaching you anything at all.
No concrete things.Water, water, water.I was able to answer the quizes without watching videos. 100% result.
Personally I found this course a PWC marketing strategy, nothing more. I am disappointed
Good for beginner but this course can be completed in 2 weeks rather than 4 weeks.
The course is well done and well structured, however it's too theoretical.
Too basic. Nothing special to gain. I had very high expectations from PWC
Too marketing orientated for PWC. I paid for a course not a promotion.
course is way too theoretical and a kind of overview of data analysis.
I think the course taught me more about PWC than anything else.
Too simplistic iapproach to analytics.
Not very useful in practical sense
Too high level the course is.
This course is all theoretical knowledge, nothing about real practice on analyzing tools. If you want to learn how to use tools, go to some other courses.
The overall course is pretty nice but there are things that tend to become annoying along the way: (a) on the videos, please delete the 10-second introduction ; (b) I understand the promotion objective of the course for PwC but there are too much about the opportunities there, etc. On the matter, one video and a small article would be more than enough ; (c) the concrete tools are surrounded by videos which only give an overview of data analytics. I'd rather suggest to write a small article to give an overview of why data analytics is important into our world today but please, use the videos to bring concrete and actionable content.
This course is not really what I was looking for. It was very gerenal and providing only a big picture of what data management is. It touched a bit about the names of software or systems for different purposes, also provided a categrization of approaches/methods for data analysis, but all in very general and high level sense. I feel this course is more for CEO level managers to have an idea, but not really instructing about real skills. I will not recommend this course if you are trying to find some in-detail insturciton about decision making process.
The course content is predominantly high-level and unspecific and gives an brief overview of data analysis tools that would only be new in case of no prior knowledge in the spheres involving data analysis. I would suggest devoting more content in the course to specific types of data, as well as specific data analytics frameworks and techniques.The final project was rather ambiguous as there were little to no guidelines with respect to how to complete it. The case study required to provide detailed answers regarding the analysis, however, the sample cases did not provide much detail that would be adequate to answer some of the test questions (e.g. questions regarding achieved insights, insight-based recommendations etc.).
This course is a good introduction to how companies analyze and visualize data. I didn't always feel like the course material gave me a real understanding of the topics and the tests don't have versions or any explanation of incorrect answers--but you can take them many times--so they can sometimes be more of a guessing game than effective tests of knowledge or understanding. This course would be improved by more meaningful discussion topics (I sometimes skipped these because they didn't feel meaningful), more practice questions or simulations, and more refined case studies (with perhaps some guiding multiple choice before the open-ended final assignment).
i would not recommend this course to people who have more than 3 years of experience in finance or data analysis, it is too much theory that are based on "Commonsense" and is not practical. However, I would think it will be helpful for college students or people who have no idea about data analysis at all and this will be a good starting point. Another comment is: since PWC is a professional services firm, they are very different in presenting the materials vs a real college professor---for me, it is a bit too "professional" and lack the atmosphere of a study group.
This course does a good job overall of framing the importance and challenges of working with big data, and certainly inspired me to want to learn more. However, I think the material could be organized better, and the lectures are not nearly the same quality as the universities' courses...not to mention too heavy on the PWC pitches. The quizzes and assignments don't necessarily correlate well with the lessons, and the assignments are structured poorly. Based on my experience, I would not recommend a PWC course to serious learners.
The course is extremely helpful and the content is good. However, it is hard sometimes to follow the Principals/Directors teaching the course. Additionally, it would have been fantastic if a lot of time was spent on giving examples, practical work demonstrated and a thorough structure of how it was done.Maybe, all this will be coming in the future courses. But for beginners, it is hard to understand and catch interest on the topic if not discussed with detailed examples and not merely giving highlights on the examples.
Most of the useful content is during the last week of the course, when you work on a project. However, concepts such as creating a hypothesis/es are not fully introduced and may be confusing for those who do not already have some training in scientific method or statistical method (e.g., knowing what a null hypothesis is). The simulation was also not useful, and contains a lot of jargon. Most of the content in the first part of the course is blue sky jargon discourse about Big Data, and can probably be skipped.
This course cover the concepts and aspects of analysis very well.However,regarding the final week assignment I feel that,it can be an overwhelming challenge for those who do not have any business related background.I am an Engineering graduate and hence couldn't understand some of concepts related to making business decisions,as they were not taught in the course.Other than that the overall Data Analytics industry and careers exposure were pretty well explained and informed.
I personally found this course a good start for those new into the data-driven world, although there are three potential points for developmenta) as most of the IT-related stuff it is getting outdated very quickly so this should be taken into consideration when talking about tools and systemsb)  not enough information on data visualization principles which are VERY important (more than data themselves)c) I'd also link this course to other courses e.g. on machine learning
This is a fairly high-level look into data and analytics, and mainly approaches this topic from a business angle albeit it would have been nice to go a little more into the analytic side of things before getting into the deep end in the second course in this specialization. The quizzes were overly easy, and the simulation final was really cool. The final peer assessment wasn't challenging enough relative to my expectations.
It is well structured, it comes from practice and there are very competent speakers.But there is a lot of self-marketing for PWC sometimes it feels more like an PWC ad, but teaching you something. And it's too superficial. I miss i.a. explanations and samples of the types of analysis (regression, factor, mutivariant, ...)  and I miss more detailled explanations and show cases from the tools like QlikView, Tableau, ...
Very general overview, not really teaching specific techniques or approaches. It gives names of analyis tools and methods, so you know what to google, - i find that useful. However, it's mostly general and rather superficial information about how important is data and that companies should collect and analyze data, visualize results and take decisions based on the analysis.
A good foundation course. I believe the information regarding tools and techniques could've been presented in a better manner by working on live files and displaying it. It was monotonous. Apart from the rest, the final course case studies were brilliant and helped us to collaborate our understanding of the course.
The course gives deep insights into the importance of Data and Data analytics in the world of Business decisions and strategy. However, the course is extremely theoretical and doesn't involve a lot of practical exposure. At times, it just seems as a PR exercise by PWC.
Interesting overview of PWC's methodology of data-driven decision making. I found the descriptions of the processes and the tools utilized to be very superficial. I also found the guidance and grading rubric for the final 'peer-reviewed' project to be weak and unclear.
The last 2 weeks of the course were great. I really enjoyed the simulation and the project. It would have been great to have had some more practical work earlier in the course as the first 2 weeks read somewhat like an advertisement for PWC data consultancy.
I enjoyed this introductionary course to data and analytics. Thanks for the provided knowledge and materials PWC. Personally I found the level of difficulty too easy for an academic. I would also prefer less promotion about PWC in many of the video's.
Overall, this is a good course. It provides many handy tools, frameworks, techniques for data-driven decision making process. It does improve my decision making skill. However, the course is quite short and doesn't have much in-depth content.
I know it is an introductory course, but there was not much that I feel like i learned from this course other than a bunch of vocabulary words. I hope that there is more technical instruction in the  following courses in this sequence.
Good stuff in general, but from my personal point of view: a little bit too much of general info around what data is and can be used for (I know much of it already). I think, however, that the course is great for beginners.
Is too much of an overview. I'd like if they could make the course much bigger and actually practice what was learned more and go more in depth. I'm gonna forget the information in a month for sure.
Some interesting information in this course. Good overview of data and decision making. I like the breakdown of the data-decision making model.The Course is a bit too promotional of PWC.
The course talks about topics on a very abstract level and I expected it be comprehensive and detailed. As far as the delivery is concerned, I found it pretty nice and captivating.
Very high level. Lots of helpful information for those new to the data analytics space. I had hoped it would dive into more hands on learning of what to do once you have the data.
I wish they would not sell pwc so much in their presentations. It is too distracting. Also you don't get certificates. The assignments aren't reviewed on time so beware.
I was expecting a lot more detail on ***how*** to perform data driven decision making. What I found is just a lot of buzzwords and very shallow overviews.
Good crash course. I really liked the framework and overview of types of analysis. I didn't like the shared case study qualities as such.
An informative course with a high level perspective and real life examples, suitable for beginners and senior executives.
The course is good for elementary understanding, th exercises were fun too. However, the tools could have been described
This course is good but it only has theories. Practical use of Excel or any other analytical tool should also be added
Really long PwC commercial. Had a few choice nuggets of information. Hearing the vocab a bunch was good.
It was good but quite basic with less real-time examples from different industries to explain the point.
very basic information ! The cost of the course is not justified for the content shared/displayed.
A little dry, but a good introduction of the theory that underpins the rest of the modules.
Too high level compared to what I expected, but does give a good overview of the topic.
Need to be more application based. But for a beginner its a good course.
Good demonstration of data analysis at a glance but that's all it is.
I was expecting in depth explanation of decision making. Thank you.
the rating was unfair and they did not provide efficient feedback
The final assignment was not marked fairly by other students.
Nice introductory overview of the application of analytics
We expected to learn pratical skills during this training
Could have been much shorter.. too much repetition.
GOOD COURSE BUT TOO THEORETICAL NOT DEEP ENOUGH
There are so much ads about PWC
extremely high level
Very Theoretica
It was OK.
Explains Data Analytics and its basics in a really simple way. Also the simulation quiz and the peer graded assignments are worth a mention. P.s. A little more info. on the kind of questions in the Rubric test, would have probably helped me to formulate a better business plan, for the peer graded assignment.Best, Kinjal
The course is excellent but the idea of allowing peers to review your final assignment isn’t a fair deal. Peers are of different levels in their careers, language proficiency, understanding etc. Sometimes, they do not interpret the meaning of your written work but look for specific words you have used in your assignment expecting it to be an exact match as defined in the marking scheme. Sometimes they may not have the time to go through your work in detail but may just skim through the content and grade you based on personal opinion.
The course is helpful in providing a basic introduction to how data can drive better decision making in real business context. It provides a basic introduction to various tools and techniques. The best part is the final submission in 4th week which ensures learning from the entire course.A possible area of improvement is including more case study discussions during the course which help understand what kinds of tools and techniques should be used in which scenarios. Currently the course devotes very less time to this aspect.
The course is excellent because it gives the opportunity to interact and with other learners and see their work because it forces you to evaluate them and this helps to have a better insight of what you have learnt. What I most liked is that you decided the effort you want to put in the course and thus the learnings you will gain. Some videos are a bit boring and too general, I do not think there is high value in naming 10 different programs, tools or techniques, you easily forget their names and its too general.
This is a very interesting course, which gave me a brief idea about the data world! I love how different colleagues from PWC shared their perspectives, which helped me understand this organization and understand what you guys' daily life. The only thing that I would recommend would be to add more real-life examples. I understand it was not easy to share different examples in public. Maybe for me this will be a more visualized way to grow and learn fast. Again, thank you so much, the pwc team!
The lecture video is invincible, while the exam and peer review could have somewhat improve in terms of the interaction. Detailed explain will be helpful, since it can serve as a feedback for students to check whether they answer is really right or they simply answer at a guess. Peer review may require students write down suggestions. I take the business metrics from Duke Univ and they do have this section which I think help me reflects more on the case study.
This course is a general course about data-driven decision making, as you can guess from the syllabus.-It is a PwC course, you should expect PwC marketing content. Honestly, I didn't mind.-You hear real-life insights from PwC professionals about data-driven projects. Many case studies.-Recommend it to anyone who wants to start with a basic overview and get deeper with more in-depth courses.-If you have limited free time, this course is short!
This was a very useful course to get me updated with the meaning of modern data analytics, the concepts of the types of data that are relevant today, the tools that can be leveraged, and the possibilities to create a systemic solution to big  business challenges, instead of one-off analyses as we did in the past. I recommend these course to anyone who wants to gain an overall understanding on what  data and analytics means today
This course has a very high production value, and offers a fairly comprehensive introduction to the world of data, but sacrifices depth in exchange for breadth. Thus, unless you are entirely new to data work as it exists today, significant portions will be review. That said, filling in the foundations is crucial to building your understanding of more complex topics outside the course.
This course is a basic, high level introduction to data analytics.I feel like more simulations could have been provided for practice with analytic plans. Also, the rubric is not provided for the final project and your grade is dependent on reviews from peers and you may not receive feedback. But overall a great introductory course.
I really liked the material in this course! It was very helpful to gain a base understanding around big data and the potential insight and uses that come from tapping into it. In terms of the assignments and projects, I think the strategic approach to helping firms tap into insights from big data was a little bit vague.
Nice overview of the topic. I particularly like the analytical "Framework", the overarching method to keep in mind when asking and answering data-driven questions. It is a nice tool to keep you focused on results. I feel like it will help not only beginners, but help more experienced people sharpen their approach.
I was reluctant to take the course, but it was actually nice course easy to grasp and have a general overview about the concept of data and analysis. I liked the cases presented from PWC however they refer to cases quiet old (2013) so I wasn't sure whether similar approach is still being used now.
The course provides a lot of theoretical information on the topic. Without going into details, it gives an overall overview of the decision making process of the consultants. The final project is tailored to the course and gives an opportunity to get hands-on experience on the topic learned.
I loved the course overall, and I thought it was the right amount of information for an initial course in a subject. My only complaint is with the final project/peer review system. Full disclosure, this is my first experience with that, but I wish I had more of a heads up of what to expect.
Course content was excellent lecturers were great the only downside in my opinion was peer graded assignments.Assignments should be reviewed by professionals.A good idea would be to allocate these to PWC trainee team.This will enhance learning and will make reviews more appropriate,
For beginners it is really helpful. Liked the structure of the course and topics covered. I was able to apply things taught over 3 weeks to the final assignment. Would definitely recommend doing it if one is interested in knowing the fundamentals for Data-driven Decision Making.
Good introduction to the topic, provides a high level overview of data-analytics and visualisation and their importance in the work place. After this course I'm inspired to dive further into the field and looking forward to PwC's follow up courses in the specialisation.
A very good course by Coursera, it briefly discusses nearly all major concepts, current technologies and challenges in big data. The focus is on developing a basic understanding so that the students are able to improve decision-making by deploying appropriate tools.
Good overview of data analytics and how data can be used for decision-making. The pacing could be a bit better (slow on the front end and packs a lot of information into the last couple of weeks), but overall the information is good and helpful in many contexts.
It was very basic for the most part, there was also a lot of fluff. The best part was when they went over the major platforms such as SAS, Python, R, and VBA that was something new to me that I didn't know. The framework was also somewhat useful to know.
I don't find discussion assessment helpful, it's better to recommend more read/video/media sources instead of it. And final project is late to wait. Eventually the course is useful and helped me a lot to structure my thoughts. Thank you in advance!
The videos were nice. The final project was really innovative and helped us understand the business scenarios and how to apply our learnings in a very effective way. I am looking forward to detailed study on use of tools to achieve the same.
Nice learning opportunity for beginners. It is a great platform to understand the basics of Big data analytics. The pedagogy is very simple yet informative. The simulation and case project is a great way to test your learning.
great information , you can understand very well the Data Driven Decision making broadly with a lot of teaching videos , material and quiz.id like this course exam and final project its very challenge but ideal for learning
Course was good, covered wide variety of topics, and gave 10000 feet view of the data driven decision making process. It would have been better if there was a deep dive on one of the aspects of decision analysis framework
The course gives a good horizontal overview of the field, but maybe lacks some in-depth case study that applies the mentioned methodologies. Overall still is a great course and I would recommend it to anyone interested!
It started with quite a bit of theory but really enjoyed the later assignments and discussions. It really opened my mind as to the possibilities of data analytics especially from a accounting / finance point of view.
Course was informative and provide background about Data and Decisions based on Data Analysis. I would liked more detailed information for beginners reading data and interpreting data. However, overall satisfactory.
it says that I need to be active in helping people in this course,,,,hahaha, if you need me to review your assignment , just leave a message and your link , I'll review your assignment as soon as possible...🤝🍀
I enjoyed the course and thought the pace and content was excellent. The only reason I did not give 5 stars was because I thought the case study criteria was not presented before the assignment was given.
Good course to learn how to begin with any raw data we receive. To get a rough idea on where to get the data from? how to use them? and what analysis can we use to derive at a particular decision.
Excellent course for beginners or currently professionals in the world of data management. Everything that we do generates data nowadays so I will recommend everyone to take this educative course.
Very good course, material is mostly well explained and laid out. Highly recommended!Some audio and captions mistakes here and there.Course glossary is not expensive enough and missing some terms
Good basic level understanding of analytics. It would have been better to have studied some of the analytical techniques by doing practical problems, to get a better grasp of how exactly does the
It is a good introduction to data analytics techniques and methodologies. However, I think there is over-repetition of basic points which undermines the more subtle, yet significant, points.
Very-well structured and very interesting course. I did not realise before that social media created data can bring insights and can be a useful source of data for business strategies.
I like it but don't know if I am dumb or it is too vague from my actual life I don't think I had the deeper understanding of this. However I did know the basic procedure and a picture
I was hoping for a deeper dive into the framework but it was still a very wothy course. Thank PwC for putting so much effort into the creation of this fantastic learning experience.
Good introduction to the world of data, analytics and big data.A bit too much PwC pitch. The chapter were the analysis techniques are explained could do with better examples.
Great class, well strucured with relevant content and illustrations. It's a great introduction on how useful data can be for companies and what are the most used tools.
Gives a Top view of the Data driven decision Making. Overall helps in developingg an appreciation and  helps one to navigate  on creating a Business Analytics Strategy.
I found this course well structured and covered many foundation principles of data analysis. Regular quizzes throughout assisted in retaining the information learned.
The simulation was very interesting, but there is a lot of theory leading up to that which was at times a bit overwhelming. Summary slides / videos would be helpful.
Great Course, thanks for PwC and Coursera. It contained frameworks, helpful background about making decisions based on data, and interesting real-life case studies.
The course was good, but it is difficult to learn about the different tools (R, SAS, Python, etc) without working directly with them. It is a good first approach.
This course provides a great intro to data analytics focusing on frameworks, theory, tools, and their practical applications for real-world business problems.
firstly this course would seem not effective but the moment it reaches to projects then you will feel the importance as it develops approach towards analysis
Just gives a very basic and layman level information about data analytics. Good course for people who are curious to know what data analytics is all about.
This course suit for beginner who wants to explore data analytics world on the surface. It is a good tool to introduce you to data-driven decision making
A more practical assessment should have been there. Although, 100% satisfied witht he content and the curriculum with insights from the veterans at PwC.
A great introduction course which tells you how can you use the data to drive exciting insights and to drive a faster, consistent and right decision.
This topic is really interesting and definitely will help any professional to apply a better decision-making process to daily and strategic duties
Great course but would have been better if it had more practical examples or 1 practical session so that we could relate to the teachings more
The course was really helpful and informative. i also like the feature of knowing my peers and their inputs about the subject .Thank you PWC.
An insight into pwc way of doing things. The course was worth the time, effort and investment. On top of all, it has pwc to ensure its value.
Although the course is from 2016, I would recommend it if you need to have an introduction into Data Analytics from a real-world perspective
Very useful course, giving an overview of data analytics and various tools. I enjoyed taking this course and look forward to learning more.
Course is designed to introduce the basic concepts of analytics. It is a well designed course and touches on various aspects of analytics.
Provided a good introduction to the topic and the final project was good practice of applying the course material to a real life case.
Was nice. I felt that some of the videos - especially the types of data analysis techniques could have been provided with examples.
For an introductory session, it was a smash out of the park. But I expected more practical work involving the use of data and ana
Good for building basic knowledge on data analytics techniques.... and above all a step-wise approach to problem solving.... ****
Learnt about some data analytics tools, different types of analytics, and their benefits. The simulation exercise is pretty cool!
Not bad, but vague at times. The necessary first step for the specialization, though. I wouldn't take this course by itself.
This was a good start to the programme  providing answers you may not know of how excel helps in decision making. Good stuff
Its a good basic level course, which discusses on how to think strategically and approach for the real time problem at hand.
I think if more detailed examples and elaboration can go through, the learning curve can have more significant enhancement.
Course content is well thought and put together. It is good even for those who don't have a background in data analytics.
It is a good course for beginners, but coursera database has free courses that go much deeper without payment.
Lots of good and applicable information.The last study case project had confusing instructions in my opinion.
I think this course helps you understand all the tools tha you have avaible to visualice the data you anali
It is awesome. I really learnt alot that I don't know which now am on its research. Thank you very much
Good overview of data-analysis and interesting the final project to put into practice the whole course
Valuable process insight. Not very vigorous, fits into my schedule. Looking forward to the next class.
It was very useful to understand how data is used to take big decisions, especially the PwC approach
Sometimes too long explanations and to many things, which you recap 10 times during the whole course
A good introduction to Data Analytics.Definitely recommended for beginners with no prior experience.
Very Interesting to learn about decision making by data analysis. Instructors were really engaging!
Content was sufficient however more practice challenges would have made this course more effective
Very good course to get broader in sight on importance of data and also various methods of data.
Too many concepts and high level introductions. Could be better just combine it to the course 2
Awesome course. A very good course to introduce a new learner into the 'world' of Big Data.
Good introduction to Data Analytics - Looking to forward to completing the specialization
Can be a touch axiomatic, but I'm sure it's a good basis for more important skills later.
The criteria or guidance for the final assessment wasn't clear, or could not be found.
Nice mix of technical, strategics and processes. I found the framework most helpful.
I appreciate the quality of the videos used in this course and also the continent.
Very good. It's good to know the main tools and tech approaches of data analytics.
A pdf demonstrating the use of different analysis techniques would be very useful.
A good overview, but the last week really ramped up the materials without warning.
The course not only introduces data analytics but also has in-detail description.
Its a good start for people who want to start their career with data & analytics
it's my first online course , i liked it too much . it was an amazing experience
Very good introduction into the field. Peer reviewed assignment could be better
high-level overview; little hands-on experience. good primer on key concepts.
Too much theory, but the course is really inspiring and interesting. Thanks!
Great course for new comers but not very much information, just an overview
A great introduction to data science, although it lacks a lot of depth.
Peer graded review could have been done by PWC mentors or associates.
Good general overview and introductory to analytics and procedures.
Great starter course.. basic and fundamentals explained in detail.
A fundamental introduction to data system in business environment.
This course has definitely shaped my approach to dealing with Data
Tools like Tableau , Qlikview, SAS etc should have more content.
practicals should have been included for an interactive learning
A very good place and course to start with Data Science voyage.
Very well structured and presented - and great supporting notes
Good opening for understanding the purpose of data analytics.
Good intro to analytics but could've used some more material.
Great Course! Great Instructors! Highly recommended to all.
the course was very helpful to any one interested in data.
It has been give me a brightened overview of Data analysis
A good start for anyone wants to know about data analysis
A bit too much theory, but needed intro for next classes
good overview of data analytics and data presentation.
Good to know the data analysis trend and useful tools.
Very informative, but could be more practice-oriented
Very good course to understand basics of data science
Very good course which covers even from the basics ..
The course is really good and with full of insights.
A good high level insight of Data and Analytics area
Interested course, more details about data analytics
helpful to grasp the idea of big data as a beginner
quite technical, not very practical, but still good
I would like more simulations o practice exercises
Gives a good broad understanding of Data Analysis.
very well organised. I would like to have more exe
It was a nice introduction into Data Analytics b
A very nice course to begin with data analytics
Course is helpful to start with Data Analytics
I t gave brief introduction to data analytics
Pretty good but lacked in practical aspects.
This course is very good and informative.
Good to go for High Level Understanding.
Good Insights and well structured course
got very good insights how to read data
Its amazing,i can do it over and again
Too many speeches with too few slides.
get to know about data analytics :D
High-level overview. Good intro
Good summary in data decision.
very useful course for analyt
Good intro to Data Analytics
Good overview, challenging
Overall a very good course
A very good introduction
Insightful with a lot of
Enjoyed it! Thank you!
Good foundatIon of how
was an excellent c
Great insight.
Lear
Is was disheartening to put 4 weeks of effort in 1 to try and maximize the trial window period and then you don't receive the certificate because peer-to-peer review is an unstructured process and dependent on a 3rd party who has nothing to do with my investment, my time and my performance.I was trying to evaluate a few Online training options to decide which is the best to recommend to my organization but this has been an absolute deal breaker. The course has been stretched over 4 weeks when it could have been wrapped in a week. All in all a design to stretch the time and hence gain more revenues on purpose I feel - not very pro-customer.
This is a great course in data and analytics for the every day professional. It gives great insight into how data and analytics can support decision making. The mode of delivery of the course is e
What an excellent laid out course curriculum. Bite size learning, various mediums, understandable concepts applied to real life business cases made for a 100% take away and applied knowledge. We
Great high-level introduction into what big data is, how data & analytics is impacting business decision making, and how PwC uses data & analytics to improve the quality of work delivered to clients.
The Data Analytics Framework and overview of approaches, techniques and technologies are so well done that prompted me to learn more and cover gaps in knowledge. The simulation and 3 cases at the end are very important, take them seriously and do them ALL following the framework provided. I would recommend that to do those cases do not hesitate to make assumptions and do a quick wiki search on how a Financial SS, CPG or Manufacturing company work
Great course for would be management analyst or those wanting to have a deeper look into the profession. PwC offers a concise and practical methodology useful in today's fast and data rich world.
An excellent course journey for this subject - Data Driven Decison Making, very good content with relevant case assignment and they are paced comfortably to allow  me as learner to grasp the knowledge.
I can't wait to do more courses and dive into Data Analysis World more and more. This course by PwC was an excellent experience and helped me to have a high level understanding of Data and Analytics.
An excellent course to get a high level overview of various tools- how things work in a professional consultancy- concise frameworks.Good for people who are just starting up with analytics.
I was very surprised by the thouroughness of this course. The different quizzes and assignments it contains are well placed, well constructed, and they provide an adequate challenge considering the stakes. Going through this course I felt I acquired a good overall view of data science as an industry, it's impact, and it's tools. I must re-affirm the strength of the quizzes and assignments in this course before that's really what made the entire experience for me. As a true beginner in the field of data science, I came out of every assignment (especially the last few) feeling like I had given my best effort and sollicitated the key 'take-away' concepts, and that's obviously a great thing. That's the point, that's what you want.  So if you're a beginner in this domain I can say unequivocally say that I think you will also feel like you've gotten your time (and money)'s worth here, if you're ready to invest it. A course that squarely delivers on it's promise.
I learned a lot of 
things from this course. I learned how important data is, kinds of data,
 tools and programs to analyze data, data analysis framework, and many 
else. I really like this course because there are so many real life 
cases about how company use and benefit from data to improve their 
profit and effectiveness. There was also a simulation on how to be a 
consultant which gave me insights about what and how consultants works 
in helping their clients. At the end of the course, there was also a 
project. This project gave me an opportunity to test and apply all of knowledges and insights that i've got to real life 
cases.  I would really
 recommend all of you to join this course, especially if you have an 
interest in data analysis. The course can be understood easily and 
clearly. All of the lecturers and speakers are also an expert, so i got a
 lot of valuable insights
This course has given me the opportunity to be equipped with such a rare 21st Century advance tech skills, it opened a big door in my career development as it relates to the area problem-solving abilities, decision-making, big data management, and analysis, business advisory and client management. After this course, I became so interested in analysis and making effective decisions in solving both personal and business problems. It became a lead way to the new directions and charting in the line of my career life. This course has empowered with great abilities to the point that on my day to day activities I have discovered that I now offer more highly effective and impactful advisory services to both my clients and friends. Thank you Coursera, I will sure tell about this course!
This is MUST-DO course! It is very well organized, systematically introduces you to all the key concepts, and provides a hands-on experience. This course is particularly useful for those who want to make sense of all the new tools and technologies in the context of data analytics (a term that is being used in every sector on a daily basis!) I am not an IT-professional, but this course gave an excellent grounding in data analytics and provided me with a framework on the consulting-process as well. The course, with outstanding insights from PwC professionals, combines the consulting, IT, data analytics in an easy-to-understand manner. I am much more confident now to have an informed discussion about data analytics.
A good introduction to Data and Analytics from a PwC perspective and a pleasant way to introduce key personnel in the organisation.  The only addition/amendments I would recommend is additional visuals/animations to support the underlying framework, some additional case studies to support structured/semi-structred/unstructured data analytic approaches and more interactive questions during the video dialogues.  There is a significant amount of content covered and I recommend you download all the provided PDFs/jpegs for future reference.  Lastly, it would have been fun to have been provided access to ademo of a tool like Tableau to play with.
The course really helped me to get a good impression on what data analytics is all about. Not one lecturer is not pleasent to listen to, and every clearly knows what they are talking about. The final project, where grading was actually done by the fellow course participants, was a great learning experience as well if not an essential part of the course itself. A course only does you so much good, if you are never put into the psoition of applying the things you've learned. Of course, the business simulation was just as great (and fun).Thank you very much for the great work you have done in creating this course.
Learning data-analytics-related terminology and critical stages to planning, the Data Analytics Framework, Tools, and Techniques as well as Visualization Tools are all important aspects of this course that allow me to now feel comfortable with understanding and starting to execute on Data-driven decision making. The weekly lessons and activities are nicely structured, the pace is achievable without being too slow or too fast. I will be able to use what I learned immediately in the workplace, and look forward to more modules.
I would like to recommend this course to all those professionals who are seeking to learn basics of Data and its usage to make informed decisions. The course is very basic & holistic in nature as it briefly discusses the role & importance of data in form of various business metrics, that today's corporations are making full use of. Enroll yourself in this course, you'll definitely enjoy it & learn about the rapid changes today's businesses are witnessing. ~ Thanks to Coursera & PwC for this course.
Thanks! PWC to lending this excellent learning opportunities by the platform Coursera which is enriching great knowledge for the global learners. The concepts prescribed in this course were clear and precise. My knowledge from this course were there importance of Data analysis, Big data, visualization and decision making with driven data. I would like to thank for my course instructors for their valuable guidance during their lessons. Looking forward to learn some new concepts in this field.
As an overview, introducing not only an analytic framework, but walking through how to apply it and the rationale behind its use, this course has been quite helpful in organizing thoughts around problem solving. The different scenarios offered give some measure of flexibility to think about the applicability of what's learned (available tools, changing trends, guiding principles) across different industries. The lectures are clear and concise, and the progression made sense.
The course is amazing and substitutable to college courses. I put some effort on the course, and it did not eat much of my time. I think even employees who have a lot of work can take it and don't have to rush through it. If you are like me who don't know where to start and when to stop, I recommend this course to you. It clearly states how is data used to make correct decisions and gives a special process to follow in doing data analytics.
Great course for anyone that's interested in data analytics. It gives a good introduction to the area with  a real-world perspective which makes it easier to grasp and understand the material. Its not a professor-type course. The project makes it even more worthwhile as it helps drive home the concepts you've learned. Overall, extremely great course!! I highly recommend it if your new to data analytics.
The course is really a life blood for any Finance Professional as no analysing the quantitative statements & facts and interpreting them and draw meaningful conclusions from them is the first and foremost task.Course is really designed in the way that what you will learn in the course so far,you will able to practise the same.Mind blowing course from Master Class Leader in Auditing & Assurance.....
This course give you the basics and taught you how to think as an analyst.  Excellent lectures.I did not appreciate having to  review my peers coursework, but in doing this, it also taught me exactly what to look for and what to do, when i have a client.  I definitely don't like talking in the forum, I dont have the time for this, but i guess in the long run, it has a value i am still to learn.
This course has been helpful to understand the fundamentals of data analysis and tools used for it. This has given me a guidance for my further studies in order to take up a course for software tools (I have been searching for a long time, which tools to learn out of thousands in the market). This course has been to the point and crisp. Thanks PwC for putting up such a well structured course.
Great course. I learned a lot of high level concepts. As suggested in the course, however, I'll have to dig a lot deeper into other individualized courses to learn specific information better. For example, to really appreciate the pivot table, I'd say that you'll have to take a business analysis course on another platform like Linked Learning or through another course here on Coursera.
It was an excellent course on data-driven decision making. There were industry experts sharing their experiences. There also was a case simulation as an assignment in the last week. The reading materials were very good visually and also content-wise. Overall it was an amazing course and I would recommend this course for people who are interested in data analysis and decision making.
This course is very good in the sense, it had the basic tutors, the people from the industry, the consultants, everyone had their input in different ways in which we can absorb. However I expected the tutors to have an extra video or two and make a data analysis of a business problem or situation. Very good course, worth the money and everyone must take it!
A great module that has enhanced my knowledge and given terminology to data types and an array of available data systems  The final assessment really helped cement the syllabus.  Week 3 was a bit overwhelming. If this is new to you, like it was to me, recommend watching, reading the accompanying notes and attachments a few times over.  Enjoyed it!
Very outstanding course to help build a strong knowledge on data mining, data management, data analysis and next generation analytic tools and more importantly helps one in differentiating all types of data in order to gain value for data gotten and deploy this data in decision making to aid growth of business or make everyday living easier.
My name is Jose Antonio from Brazil. I am looking for a new Data Scientist career (https://www.linkedin.com/in/joseantonio11).I did this course to complete my CV in English to the area of Data Analysis. 
 The course was excellent and the classes well taught by teachers.Congratulations to Coursera team and Instructors.Regards.Jose Antonio.
This first part of the specialization was 
surprisingly good, especially for people like me who did not have much 
data analysis so far.  Of course, it is in parts very related to PwC, 
why not.  So you can look behind the scenes, which is very interesting. 
 From me a clear recommendation for this course and for the 
specialization.
By join "Data-driven Decision Making" course, it provides you with solid and strong background and knowledge of data analytics and visualization. As a consultant, I would recommend anyone who are intersted in knowing more about how professionals are using tools and techniques in real business caeses. Thanks for the sharing from Pwc.
I had zero knowledge of what data analysis entails, and I took this course out of curiosity. The course was easy to understand, tools and exams was very organized and interesting and speakers were clear and concise. I did get a lot of learning from this course and I will definitely be considering data analytics for my car
Great course that provides insight on the various types of approaches, techniques, and tools utilized across data analytics and visualization. This first course of the specialization is a great opportunity to learn about the concepts. I am looking forward to the rest of the courses that will be a little more technical.
This course is curated by the industry professionals for the individuals wanting to understand the role of data in decision making in the industry. The best part of this module is the simulation-based exercise which tests the real understanding of the course. Glad to have taken up the course. Cheers!
It's good, even though just having some brief view of the Data-driven Decision making, it brought me a new word. I know data is important and does effect the decision making, but didn't know how. This learning session provided a good chance for me to fully discovery what happened behind the sen.
I thought the course was extremely valuable and on point with the type of information I needed to know.  I do ask that you keep newbies in mind and some of the videos went a little fast and indepth for newbies to the complete data analytics process.  Some more basics would also be nice to add.
Amazing course. As a newbie in Data Science, I have learn't a whole lot on how exactly a business problem can be broken down to ask relevant problems, identify the key areas, conduct analysis and influence high level decision making. Thank you PwC and Coursera for this amazing course.
This courser is really cool ! The consultants from PwC gave very impressive and easy-to-understand explanations for the related information of this area. I really appreciate the good work of PwC and hope one day I can be one member of this great company or work with them as a client.
The course was well written and useful for gathering an applying concepts at both a macro and micro level.  The mixed use of video and handouts was well balanced.  The peer reviewed assignment was challenging and provided opportunity to demonstrate competencies in a meaningful way.
Amazing Course! A few months ago I was given the opportunity to work in business intelligence at my company and for that reason I have read several books on the subject. This course has brought all that knowledge together and I am looking forward to continue learning with Coursera!
This course provided me a comprehensive information on data analytics and techniques used in it. Also, the case studies and examples helped me understand the scenarios better. Thank you for this detailed course. Looking forward to working on other courses in this specialization.
The course have covered essential aspects such concept of data, big data and along the tools used in gaining  insights from data which can play significant role in making better and swift decision.  The course is very influence for existing competitive business environment.
Very good course until now. A good overview of core concepts, and a wonderful contextualization, showing students the theory, the application, and the company's vision about the data. It is a very good way to get some insights about how to generate business value from data.
Today's businesses are facing constantly changing economic environment. To survive in this situation, businesses need to become nimbler and more insightful. To achieve that, it is very important for businesses to gather real-time data and understand what data tells them.
This is an excellent high-level overview of data analytics for those new to the topic. It goes over how data analytics affects both the global marketplace, but also the small business in your hometown. Very well structured with actionable insights to further your growth.
Very well structured course. It measures to its promise of providing a holistic understanding of the subject. All instructors are good.They explain concepts with good visual images and provide reading materials. Found the course very useful. Enjoyed doing the assignment
I found this course really helpful to gain the foundations for the Data Science Field introducing to different types of data and analytical tools and types used in the industry today. Overall It presented a useful overview to the field and the importance of data today.
Very useful course to get a perspective of what all can be done with data. Perfect for beginners to get valuable insight as well as for someone who already has some previous knowledge but wants to develop it further. I truly enjoyed the entire course and learned a lot!
The best course with an in-depth understanding of Data-driven decision making and I strongly recommend to anyone who happens to want major into data analysis should get the foundation of this course to gain this knowledge this course offered by PWC comes with.
The course gives beginners a very good introduction to Data and Analytics, and their role in todays world. The course also introduces us to concepts pertaining to approaching Data analytics and everyday tools that assist analytics in top notch organisations.
PwC professionals really put everything in perspective. Presenting real life examples of different challenges while keeping all things crisp and clear is rare. Overall and excellent starting foundation for anyone looking for a career in this field! 10/10!
The course was really good. It was structured very well and at a great pace. I would have liked more handouts as there was a lot of information and descriptions. Also, more examples could be really helpful to remember all the information and scenarios.
The course breaks down the definition of Data and Analysis, gives you a high level understanding of how Data and Analysis can be used in real world to create valuable insights for businesses. It was easy to understand because of how it is structured.
Excellent introduction - I always recommend taking the full courses/certifications as you get a valuable foundation to work and build out from. The examples, and coursework were really excellent in driving home key points. I won't forget much of it.
I was always curious to know learn about data, how Big data is managed?, what all techniques are applied in management of data? this course answer all my queries and all my doubts are clear now. Thanks PWC Thanks Coursera for this amazing program !
Such a beautiful introductory course to data analytics tools and decision-making process. It is a compact course which gives a very broad overview of the various available tools and working framework for analysing data. I recommend to beginners
Good course, provides brief knowledge of tools and technologies used in analytics. And helps to make plans on how to learn the required skills. The examples and scenarios presented helps to connect how an analytics project will be carried out.
Really well done. I work in a large enterprise where big data is apart of our day to day. The course gave me a good overview of how to think about data analytics from a frame work perspective that will help me in guiding our  evolving methods.
The course material,the structure,quizzes,peer review are worth it.The content especially tailored for students is also good.Small pdfs after each video makes it easier to remember all the things you have learnt.Would definitely recommend it
A great course for understanding data and analytics framework; learn about emerging trends and data analytics; explore differences between structured, semi-structured and unstructured data; different types of analytics techniques and tools.
Excellent course  to get familiar with  Big Data and Analytics and learn the right methods and tools  to be used to get  to the right  insights for the organization or business to help them make the right decision and  achieve their goals.
This course provides a very clear and structured introduction for a student like me to understand the methods, approaches and ways of use in consulting company. I found this course very interesting but not too hard to understand or follow
It gives very good direction toward business application of Big Data. And helps you to get rid of that misleading Dilbert cartoon style worship of "Big Data that lives in the Cloud", which is quite common in the corporate world nowadays.
An Excellent Course In Providing Frame-Work and Holistic View on Data Analytics and it's role in decision making. Very well structured course, good material, insightful exercises, and excellent instructors with real hands-on experience.
This course is really good and i would like to suggest that one should do this course to know the better understanding of the problem and how to solve to them. Knowing about what is data and analytics what technique are there, etc
Pretty good, but may have dragged on in certain areas a bit too long because it seemed like it could get a bit redundant. Talking about how data can help is cool, but it get repetitive. Moving onto putting it into practice more
extremely helpful and encouraging for the student who could not  afford  by providing financial aid scheme,i gained a lot of insight how to address problem and find out solution by using proper frameworkthanks coursera and pwc
I really enjoyed this course and learned the general concepts of data analytics, the importance of data visualization to create a new opportunity or solve a problem. I also learned about the available software tools to use.
A very good course that matched my expectations and is ideal for anyone without any prior knowledge of the topics but manages to elevate you at the right pace. Thank you I look forward to more courses in this Specialization
Quite valuable information. Was expecting something very specific to PwC. The course is well paced with great flow of information. Though the content is very basic and generic but it is a good starting point for beginners.
It is a well-structured course and a great start for beginners. Lectures were well articulated and pwc personal perspectives helped a lot. I recommend this to everyone who wish to get the insights into Data and Analytics.
This course Data-driven Decision Making gives deep fundamental understanding of data as science. After taking this course now I understand why data science is one of the fastest growing industry and most discussed topic!
is and excellent platform, the best think was to change my career to Data Science and this course was very helpful, and when I finish I have a better and clear path thank you very much to put this course in audit mode.
These courses helping me to know the approaching systems of the PwC to begin solving a client problem. Well structured courses, I'll recommend it to a person that has high intention to improve their analyzing skills.
The course is very well curated, well delivered and perfect for a beginner to learn in a focused manner about Decision Making, by using Data, Analytics and Visualization techniques and tools in the best possible way.
This is an excellent course. It provides a complete overview of data driven framework. I came with a blank slate and now I at least know the basics. Thanks to Coursera and PwC for designing such a wonderful course.
the structure of this course is well organized and interactive at large. Even beginners will not find themselves lost in the process since there are multiple sources of assistance along the way. Highly recommended.
This course is really interesting and very useful, if interested in Data Analysis. But even if you're not pursuing a career in Data Analysis, still the knowledge you acquire is very practical and may come in handy.
Very informative and useful. That's not my first coursera course , but in this Course both lectures and a content structure chosen in a such helpful way, that all course is interesting and not boring for a second.
It is a great introductory course! I recommend this course to anyone who is willing to learn solving business problem through a structured approach. Great way to understand how data driven decision can be made.
This course was so informative, gave me so much insight on how data are analysed and the various tools required to analyze the data and also ways the end resuls could be prepared to help decision makers compete
Overall this is a good primer course that outlines to the top over-arching ways in which you can use a structured approach to solving big and small business problems and opportunities. I would highly recommend.
The course is highly relevant for a consultant's day-to-day activities at the firm and structured to perfection in its direct yet interactive approach. Absolutely loved it and recommend it to anyone out there!
Perfect balance between depth and coverage to a introductory course about data analytics. Its path is adequate and the final work cover the scope to give a correct view of the presented knowledge in practice.
Very helpful for data Science beginner to learn the big data classification, some popular data analysis software; Data visualization; Improve Data-driven decision Making skill;Develop a business plan, etc.
The course has broadened perspectives on Data Analysis and I now have a desire to obtain and sharpen my knowledge and skill-set in this field, to enable me to do something that I have interest in and love.
This course really helped me to introduce into data and analytics providing a strong framework from which I will develop all data and presentation skills and help clients visualize business opportunities.
A great peace of Edge which puts sharp light on the importance of data driven decision making for organizations. Which has became crucial for industry which is evolving through transformation and change.
Very good course in one of the new domains which is becoming increasingly important everyday.Very lucid and easy to understand as well. The simulation session was the best part of the course in  my view.
This course is an excellent introduction for those who aim to start using data and analytics in a working environment! Thank you very much, Coursera, for allowing me to complete this magnificent course!
I have learn alot of thing about data from this course. When i review final exam of friend, i also think i learn from my classmate. Their knowledge and experience so interested. Thanks Coursera and pwc!
Absolutely exciting and very insghtful. I admire the creative way the course material was delivered. It was very practical and useful. I can't wait to complete the other courses in this specialization.
Excellent high level overview for a complete beginner or someone with a passing knowledge of the tools and processes. Taking the class just to get an idea of the PwC data analysis framework is worth it
very explanatory from someone who had no idea about data analytics, if you take this course by the end of the first week, you'd have started thinking like a data analyst.thumbs up for the trainers.
Great course for anyone who wants to learn the frameworks for problem solving with data, and for those who want to learn about the use cases of tools like Python, R, SAS, and many other tools
The course is very usefull for finding more about data analytics for making faster and better decisions for business. Thank PWC for giving me this course, it will help me much for my career.
It is really a good class with comprehensive interactions between students, cases, and good for those who would like to further learning about Big Data and how to analyze it in a high level.
I gained a lot of experience by studying this course.'How to solve our business problem and build our model using with data'. What I learned was how important a business's data Analysis is.
Informatice, a wise investment if one's time and effort. Get ready for the train to future. Its common sense to be future proof. Excellent and to the point communication by the instructors.
Congratulation is a great course, a Professional level.Thank you PwC for share the experience of the HUMAN TALENT.Thank to the instructors a really great course.Thank you and God bless you
So glad of this course as it gave me clear knowledge on types of analysis and techniques, as well as channels/technologies into which we can innovate and leverage on big data to insights.
Great introduction to data analytics. This course is undeniably accessible and will help neophytes better understand how business decision making can strongly benefit from data analytics.
It was an amazing course, learning from the top officials of PWC. I had a great experience. Anand sir had an amazing level of explanation. I would definitely recommend this course to all.
This course offers great foundation to anyone who is starting out in data analytics field and it's really providing valuable insight that will set your mindset on right analytical track.
The explanation on each and every topic was very much easy to understand and there is not pre requisites required for this course.. I would like to thanks PwC for this great opportunity.
This course is well defined and well structured for a beginner in the field of data. It will assure you that you get all the basic knowledge about the data and related terminologies.
Good and comprehensive introduction to the matter with providing a framework and a very analytical approach. Well presented by  the speakers with high quality video, sound and files.
This course was a splendour  with so much insight on how to handle a real-life problem with well explanatory videos and exercices that enlightened me. Thank you for the privilege.
Very relevant material. Great for aspiring and new consultants to get a feel of the business view of  the Analytics goal of Business Intelligence and Systems Integration efforts.
Very helpful for building an outline for data-driven decision making. The exercises are also well designed for helping to review and strengthen the things learned in the courses.
I really liked this class. It started at a basic level and then went into more detail. I also liked the quick videos and the final project. I will continue to take more classes.
Gained a lot of insights from this course. Really opened my eyes on the basics of Data driven decision making. Will definitely complete all the courses of this specialization!
Provides a very insightful introduction to Data and Analytics on a more theoretical perspective that is necessary to understand all the tools and techniques used in the field.
A very nice course for beginners and professionals.It helps one to improve, achieve results and also gives a chance to experience the knowledge and expertise of Professionals
Very good course for the people who want to kickstart their career in the data analytics . You will gain a very good amount of beginner level knowledge on data and analytics
This course was instrumental for me to understand how business decisions are being made in the most advanced institutions. It also taught me the trend of business operation.
Excellent course materials, progress, and outstanding course instructors focused on valuable knowledge and the latest trends in data, analytics, techniques and tools. Thanks
I learned the fundamentals of how to achieve Data-driven decision making by a step-by-step process. We need to always keep in mind the business problem and move forward.
I have enjoyed the course as i can relate the course content with the real world issues and understand on a high level how data analytics is going to solve the problems.
Beautifully crafted and well explained by each professionals. The content delivery is very very good and well structured too. Very happy to see good courses like this.
it gives basic conceptual thinking of how to think based on data. it really refreshens up on how I think logically and factually instead of based on guts and feelings.
Very engaging and practical, I especially enjoyed the final assignment which enabled me to look back at my notes and course material to really get to grips with it.
Great high level course, wonderful introduction to anyone seeking to learn more on data analytics, big data, data tools, etc. Wonderfully organized and presented!
This is an excellent start point for all professionals aspiring a career in Data & Analytics. The course content is curatedin a way that helps you stay focused!!
Amazing Course that helped me gain true insights on Data driven decision making.Looking forward for more detailed study of Data Analytics and Data visualization.
Great course for beginners. Here the user will understand about the base of the Data Analysis and various tools available for operation performantions.Great one
Good theoretical overview of different types of data, the uses and business applications. Looking forward to more practical examples in the following courses.
The course is very well structured to get a holistic view of Data analytics. It touched a lot of core concepts, tools, use cases, and trends in the industry.
Very eye-opening. It makes sense now to make decisions by going through and analyzing data; no more gut feelings and intuitions (probably just a little bit).
Amazing course it really shows the importance of data in the business world and how it can transform a business into a successful one. I highly recommend it
Excellent introductory course for aspiring data analytics professionals. Step by step, clear cut methodology followed which develops interests in students.
A very informative course on the most important trends in business. Helpful in getting to know the job opportunities that we have as professionals at pwc.
This course is a complete introduction to Data and analytics and how organizations uses it to solve business problems. It really an interesting course!!!
Great overview of data-driven decision, especially week 4's simulation and last assignment. It's an insightful guide for me even to recognize consulting.
For those who know little about data-driven decision making, this course is useful and is going to give a good understanding of the topic to the student.
A very good course to get a head start in Data-driven Decision Making and the field of Business Analytics. Looking forward to more such courses from PwC.
I found this course extremely interactive and easy to understand. I would definitely recommend this course to anyone who is interested in data analytics.
This was the best introduction i have ever seen on Data analysis. It definitely solidified my interest in data science (well, data analysis for me :-))!
Everything was great. All information were useful and very interesting. I like simulation and final project a lot. It was great experience for me. Thank
It made me aware about all the insights of the decision making through data. I am been able to understand the industry in a much better way. Thanks pwc.
Best source to learn the basics of data driven decision making, every concept is well explained with industry professionals. Thank you PWC and Coursera
This course was so helpful and insightful. I am glad to have enrolled and completed this course. I look forward to other courses in this specialization
Course present basic well laid out ,easy to understand ways to organise and navigate through Data, and put you in direction to think like a consultant.
very interesting and I was able to learn a lot which I am sure will help me professionally.  Very interesting insights and thought provoking material.
It was awesome to start with such Comprehensive  course with complete outline of the career path towards Data Analysis and Data Driven Decision Making
For a beginner like me it is very easy to understand. This course also give a bunch of examples and cases that can make me gain better understanding.
This was an amazing course. It provided the fundamentals to understand how data and analytics can be utilized to drive big decisions. Thank you PwC.
This is an amazing course to understand how data analytics can be used to solve business problems. It gives a big picture to solve those problems.
I really enjoyed this course as material was too much good that anyone who don't have any knowledge of this area, can complete this course easily.
It is well crafted course with people giviing well defined business problem and solution,It will act as a benchmark for all my future references.
The course content was informative and the video quality was okay. i have learnt a lot of things which i did know before the start of the course.
Great Course to understand the importance of Data in Decision Making. Help me to get better understanding of the Data for any Business Decision .
This course will change the way you think about business in general and will definitely influence the way of how to make smart business decisions
This is a very insightful course and lays a strong foundation for learning the application of data and analytics in real life business problems.
I seriously believe this course can improve the way we can work in data and analytics domain.Wonderful course with practical linked with theory.
This course really help me to understand about data analytics more far. With a clear video course and quizzes per week, that's a great features
add value to me for using data for decision making. we need to learn the tools of analysis, I make me skilled in how to think & used big data.
Extremely well structured and lucid. Definitely helpful for understanding the fundamentals of Data Analytics and Data-Driven Decision Making.
The course was a real eye opener to the rudiments of data-analysis. The real life scenarios helped a long way to better understand the topic.
This course has several highlights, very good structure, organization, concepts, experience and the msg of each vide is very good transmitted
One of the best course with insights of big data analysis, the PwC apporach is very helpful for learners to know how to deal with big data.
A great introduction and overview, I'm sure the following course will dive deeper into the application of the content we have learned here
It was a nice experience with this course. It was more like a theoritical course. But i think it worth. Learned lots of things about data.
The course is very nice with a lot of well experience instructors. It really good and I find my self lucky to have engaged in this course.
High-level overview of the world of Data and Analytics. The quality was great and was a great refresher from my graduate-level coursework.
This course helps me to understand about data analytics framework, techniques, tools, and how to make effective business decision making.
This course has helped me build a foundation of data analyst, which can lead to further study and put into best practice! Really love it!
Great Course. It was great learning and content, insights and structure of the course is simply best. Look ahead to take all PwC Courses.
A very helpful course for the beginners and provides a broad overview of the types of projects undertaken and executed in data analytics.
Very good at giving an high-level understanding of how to use  data to drive decisions in an organization, along with the tools to do so.
Very proud of myself for passing this with a high score - I am not a natural number cruncher and this was not easy.  Highly recommended.
This course was a great intro to data analysis. I was able to learn about all the different tools that data analysts use for analytics.
This course is really very helpful for all who aspire to join corporates and want to play a crucial role in a decision-making process.
Very easy to learn and accomodating. I appreciate that they don't require good English skills during the final requirement. Thank you!
It really is  great course for understanding how data is being (or can be) used in making better and more informed business decisions.
Very insightful; content is up to date and has successfully equipped me with absolutely necessary data analytics knowledge and skills.
I learned how data analytics drives business decision making, and I believe this will give me a further impact in my career building.
Very well designed reading content and quiz.Special part was simulation.Thanks for everyone involved in preparing the course content.
The coursework of this particular course acts as a door to the new data oriented world which is fraught with lucrative opportunities.
this course brings a excellent overview of what data are changin organization and how to planning data analysis to improve bussiness
Really good course to learn the basics on data and analytics as well as the principles of most used techniques. Truly recommend it!
Great course to gain insight into the data analytics world and how PwC approaches this type of projects. I completely recommend it!
Thanks to Coursera  for providing this module on their site. A deep learning what is happening  in Analytics era now a days. thanks
The course provided a good introduction to the various analytical techniques as well as the tools associated with these techniques
Very useful. Gives the whole picture of Data & Analytics. Frameworks, tools, methodologies... If you want to have a holistic idea
This is a solid introductory course which provides a good framework to structure your approach to solving complex data problems.
Really Comprehensive program! Thanks a lot for  PWC that I developed crucial competence from Data-driven Decision Making course
Simple and structured introduction to the importance of data, and the tools organisation should use when dealing with big data.
thanks for PwC team for excellent presentation and knowledge been communicated to me in this course.really it was piece of ART
A high-level overview of data analytics that discusses the importance of implementing data driven decision-making in business.
I'll say this a good start for anyone venturing into the field of data analysis. Well done! PwC team for putting this togther.
This class was very informative and interactive. I appreciated the pace of the class for someone who is new to data analytics.
For any beginner analytics aspirant, this course is a systematic way to kick start the journey to data science and analytics.
Good introduction to data analytics. As I am completely new to the topic, it took me a bit longer (every week) than foreseen.
This course is a good introduction to Data Analytics techniques and how they are applied to real problem solving with clients
Very useful and essential insights are provided in this course to kickstart data-oriented career choice.Absolutely loved it.
Prepares the student to think like an analyst. Exposes students to the tools, techniques suitable for every business problem
Wonderful course for beginners to understand the problems in real world scenario and what to do in such type of situations.
Very great course. An awesome foundation for anyone who has a keen interest in data analytics. I am glad I took this course
It is a great course for the basics of data-driven decision making. The syllabus is good and various aspects are covered.
Excellent introductory course on data analytics and it's value in decision making. The pwc framework is a bonus learning.
This is a fantastic high-level introduction to data analytics. I am eager to continue developing my skills in this field.
Super good introduction to Data Science with clear and short definitions and explanations for beginners. I recommend it!
Loved the fact that we are sharing the PwC expertise internally. Good to see the ocean of knowledge and the excellent te
Excellent material, I was delighted to take this course and really think it is very helpful for data analysts.Thanks!!
Very good overview and starting point to learn about data and analytics. Good balance of videos, quizzes and project.
It was very interesting to learn about data-driven decision making. I never learn anything before. Very recommended.
The course is very informational and helpful to those who are new to data analytics and would want to start learning
Very easy to understanding and practical, especially for the beginners like me. It give me confidence to go further.
Very informative course, focused on building the practical problem solving skills and application of knowledge. Help
The course is well-designed to provide a basic framework into the data, analytics and data-driven decision making.
Very interactive and useful course which  gave basic understanding of big data and tools for analysing information
one the best course i have found on the internet. Presentation of the course is excellent( high quality content).
This course has greatly assisted me in performing my job skills as it combines theory and practical information.
This is an amazing course that gives me a very professional approach to what " Big data" means and how it works.
This introductory course provides real structure starting from identifying business problem to decision making.
Great Course. Give great overview of data analysis techniques and tools. Spending time on this course is worth.
The case study at the end of the week n°4 is a great way to put in practice what your learnt during the course.
This course is very useful.  Data analytics are so important to the success of any business, public or private.
I really liked the Discovery, Insights, Actions , Outcomes Model and enjoyed the application to the case study.
Good course content. Helps create the foundation for getting an understanding of Analytics tools and techniques
Very insightful presentation of data analytics and its importance in decision making. Accessible to beginners.
Exceptional. This course has opened my eyes to a wide range of possibilities.Thank you PWC, thank you coursera
Thanks very much. I realy enjoed doing this course. Thanks to PWC and Coursera for making education enjoyable!
Great course! Clears most of the basic ideas about Data Analytics and tools and techniques for Data Analytics.
Very good tutoring by most of the teachers.Added quite a a lot of perspective and insight.My heartiest thanks.
I had so many issues about organization of analytics clear out with this course that from life will be easier.
This was an excellent course which showed me a broad aspects of analytics and ways of presenting the results.
Very well organized and interesting course for a basic overview of analytics and data driven decision making.
A very well designed course. The peer graded assignment tests everything you've learnt throughout the course.
Enjoyed the class. Very informative,  learn the importance of data and how to use it to make better decisions
Good for beginners, easy to understand and with proper practice and quiz to see if understanding is correct.
Great course. Instructors did a very good job in designing the programe. The final assignment is real world.
The course is really good for budding managers and see how decision can be taken using various data analysis
A very challenging course. I strongly recommend it for those who are interesting learning of great quality.
A good introduction to Datas, decision making and PWC approach. A good way to begin this specialization :)
Extremely informative. The project work in the end provided a good practical view and a hands-on approach.
It was an excellent learning experience where the foundation of data analysis was adequately illustrated.
A good intro to the world of data analysis and techniques used. Liked the simulation case study approach.
An excellent high-level insight into the importance of data and data analysis with core concepts covered.
Very well-designed materials, clear information that is relatable regardless of background, and immediate
Excellent way of teaching. I really appreciate the materials used which guided me throughout this course.
One of the best courses. Brilliantly explained by all PwC professionals. I Loved the project at the end.
It is an amazing to kick start career in data analytics most especially for newbies. I love it very much
Gives a fantastic introduction to utilization of data, with an overview of the many techniques and uses.
Great overview of basic concepts in data science and a survey of tools and techniques for future courses
Very interesting course that gives real insights about the use of data to make business decisions today.
An excellent course, delivered by an excellent team of professionals. I'm well enriched. Kudos to PwC!
This is an exceptionally well designed course for starters in data analytics. A must go for beginners.
Good overview course. The assignment was very thoughtfully crafted and was intellectually challneging.
I'm overjoyed, the course approach is really great. Interesting content and inspirational instructors!
Excellent class, thank you for the opportuntiy to increase my knowledge of big data and data analysis.
This course is well planned and of good quality, easy to understand and handled with professionalism.
Thanking all instructors for this course. It was really a knowledge full course for beginner like me.
This course has been very helpful to me in learning more on the topic of Data-driven Decision Making.
Very well designed course to help understand how data analytics is changing the way we make decisions
Its a very good course to understand the importance of data led decision making in the organisations.
Very informative course. The flow and presentation of information is both informative, and seamless.
Exceptional Simulation and case materials. They helped me apply what I learnt during the four weeks.
Exceptionally well planned course for the newbies who want to make there career into Data Analytics.
Great course ,  Deep drive into Data and its importance and road map shown clear visibility of Data
Excelent course! I recommend it to any professional in search for new insights or cause of problems
It was very useful and knowledgeable course and I am looking forward to complete the specialization
Amazing Data Analysis and Presentation Skills: the PwC Approach Specialization, highly recommended
It was a very interesting course, with the right mix between tools and global perspective. Thanks
Excellent introduction into Data Analytics. The videos and supportive materials keep you engaged.
Experienced a new way of teaching with Videos, readings and Practical Assignments and its great.
I really appreciate the usage of theoretical knowledge practically with the help of simulations.
Love it.  Concise and practical.  Very clear on the use of data to support the decision process.
Very well presented and with clear guidelines. Also, a master course in presentations by itself.
Nicely covered by PwC on the data analytics and its basic. Useful for knowing the basics of it.
Amazing course. Core and in depth understanding of data analytics framework and its application
A good overview of data and analytics from both business application and technical perspectives
It was very intetesting, tailored made course. I have learnt a lot. Thank you. Alicja Jaworska
Great course. Gives a good introduction of what Data Analytics is all about.Totally recommend.
This is a very helpful top down approach for how to frame a problem and select analytic tools.
This has been helpful in thinking how you approach a problem and create a path to resolution.
This is a very educative course for anyone who intends to understand data and data analytics.
This course has given deep insights on all theoretical concepts concerned with Data Analysis.
Great course to lay the foundation for data and analytics opportunities in a business context
I really liked the course - it is interactive, very helpful for your daily life and really ap
An amazing overview course on data driven decision making. A good place to kickstart things.
Thanks for the short and wonderful course, but the cost is very high as per my understanding
Very helpful course for starters. Content delivered wonderfully through videos and readings.
An informative and well presented course that has increased my understanding of this topic.
Great course. Extremely valuable - and I have already started applying what i have learned.
I learn the basic analyzing skills and knowledge from the first course. I'll keep learning.
A good course to understand the analysis framework and how to approach a problem statement.
A terrific overview of data analysis, with diverse and fascinating instructors. Five stars!
Excelent information and explanations.I am serously thinking to pay for the specialization.
This is a great course to be taken by all professionals working in the business & services.
This is an excellent way to begin your journey to become a business minded data scientist.
It is very insightful esp with someone who has no background on data science and big data.
I love the layout and the classes are well broken down for me to understand and enjoy too.
Good overview of big data and an interesting case study. Could be graded more difficultly.
As consultant this course was very useful to understand how data analyst consultant works.
This course was indeed insightful and provides something extra in terms of career growth.
Very nice introduction into the concept of decision making based upon data and analytics!
Interesting course however the website is very slow and can be hard to log into at times.
This course helped me to learn how can we make great business decisions leveraging data.
A very educational course full of exemplified content. I was really very much impressed.
it's an excellent course. I like the way that the Pwc Professionals explain the course.
Excellent course. Quite useful for my working. Thanks a lot  for experts kind sharing.
Very engaging videos, great use of materials and very applicable information provided.
Very well organized, provides easy to read material and has clearly seperated modules.
Beautifully designed course for the beginners to start in the field of data analysis.
Up to date and features many new possibilities that I have not thought of before this
Anyone can opt for this course and it's one of the best course to kickstart with data
Very useful intriduction course. I have learned some basic data analytics knowledge.
Very useful, when I meet problems or come up with cases, I know how to deal with it.
Such a great intro course! I finished it over a long weekend and really enjoyed it!
Very useful course, I learned alot about analysis and applying it in my daily work.
Good course to get started with data analysis and understand its business impacts!!
One of the best course offered by PWC, for beginners who aspire for Data Analytics.
Really interesting introductory course with the approach of PwC to decision making
Amazing course, with great insights that I applied to my job soon after taking it.
Excellent Course with really pleasing presentation that keeps you wanting to learn
Well paced and the content is sure to be useful even after you finish the course.
Very good introduction and interesting sample case. Easy to follow and comprehend
Good course for beginners who wants to make their future in data and analytics.
I have really learn alot about data driven decision making...Thank you so much.
It was very interesting and useful course to start looking into Data Analysis.
good course material PWC Partners and Trainers were great to explain the topic
Thank You So Much for the opportunity to learn new things and develop myself.
recommend this course to any one who wants to specilise in Business Analytics
Very detailed course and got a lot to learn from this course and assignments.
One of the most practical oriented online course.Keep it up PwC and Coursera.
A good course for the beginners to understand how data impacts the business.
Very nice videos.  It's important to understand the language of the subject.
Helpful course and practical case studies to assist learning.Thanks pwc team
Thank you Very much. Excelente course to Learn how to manage Data Analytics.
Excellent course for the beginner!  Organized very well--great instructors!
Very clear convey of information with great and detailed industry insights.
Please let the graded assignment to the financially poor candidate as well.
Quite informative, great learning materials, and interesting corse project.
Good overview and summary, I enjoyed the case study at the end. Thank you.
Strong course for foundational understanding of analytics terms and tools.
Good Basic course to get one started on Analytics. Well covered overview.
much helpful for beginner .Good information and explanation of industry .
The course is excellent and guidance through all the steps is very well.
Foundation course to understand how data and analytics works in parallel
Loved the course !!! Happy to be a part of the learning experience .....
Great entry-level course for those who are interested in data analytic!
Very useful for students and professionals who seek job in data fields.
An amazing course for Data Analysis or Data Science aspirant students.
Gives an idea about the basics. Very good for a newbie in this domain!
A very interactive course which gives a deep dive into data analytics.
Good overview of the state of the art data analysis tools and methods.
Really helpful for me this course. Lots of things i've learned. Thanx
Very good introductory course on data analytics in modern businesses,
It was great! I learnt a whole lot and the project was an eye-opener.
Amazing course which helps lay the foundation to a good career ahead.
The Course is really useful. Thank you for the Coursera and pwc team.
So far so fantastic. Great clarification of different data analysis.
The course has given me a deeper insight about the Analytics world.
Very good course. It helped in understanding many a topics clearly.
It was a great course for me because I learned so much. Thanks PwC
Excellent course to kick-off this specialization course. Loved it!
Excellent Course, Great Company, Wonderfull Team - Thank You... :)
Great introductory lectures for those interested in Data Science.
Nice basic knowledge about the big data and easily to understand.
Good course to introduce a little bit in the data analisys world
Great introduction for folks new to Data Analytics or outsiders.
Great course to have an overall understanding of data analytics.
Excellent presentation. Gradually built to the conclusion stage.
One of the best course to get into the field of Data Analytics.
Great course with practical case studies and project assignment
it is an absolutely amazing course, so informative and helpful.
The course covers all the basics for pragmatic decision making.
Gained hands on knowledge in Big Data and current Data Analysis
Don't walk, run to your PwC laptop and take this course pronto!
Interactive and engaging feedback system, enlightening content
good introduction to basics of the data driven decision making
Very good and dynamic overview of (big) data analysis approach
This course is very handy and in depth very well put together
Good intro, gives a solid overview of data analysis framework
A very interesting insight to the power of Data and Analytics
This has been the most interactive course for me .I love it!!
Excellent concepts building materials and flow of the course.
Very useful. Will highly recommend it to my work colleagues.
Enjoyed the course. Got many insights on data and analytics.
Very clear understanding of Analytical approaches and tools.
A great way to start if you are interested in Data Analytics
Good for beginners to understand what is Analysis as a whole
Great course. The videos and the reading are very well done.
Good framework for thinking of using data to solve problems
an usefull introduction to Data world and  Ananlytics tools
it is a really good introduction to the data bussines world
The tutorials and lessons were spot on. Worth every penny.
These courses are very useful for me. It's worth to learn.
Very well structured and knowledge rich course. Thank You.
Lovely course that lunch you to the world of Data analysis
Wonderful Course and very motivational experts , Thank you
Very awesome course design. The experience was very good.
Very informative. Opened new era for me to analyse things
this was the best course with content i have done online.
Very good class. A lot of good information laid out well.
Perfect course for beginners in data analytics, enjoy it!
i enjoyed the course and i have gained useful knowledge.
Best for beginners who want to start a different carrer.
This course is good way to get started in this materia.
Highly recommended  for the practical insights from PWC
Great course; a lot of learnings and in a lucid manner.
It is an excellent course for beginner on this subject.
Very useful course and well developed study materials.
Excelent introduction to Data-driven decision making.
Very interesting course for introduction in big data!
Very good at focusing your attention on what matters.
High level overview of data and analytics in business
Really a good course. I got to learn many new things
Thank you for providing this wonderful opportunity.
Great to understand how to tackle clients problems
Very insightful and good introduction, Thank you P
Great information, key for anyone interested in DA
Very valuable information. Definitely recommended!
excellent course, looking forward to the next ones
Extraordinary course. Thank you PWC and Coursera!
Provides overview of data analytics very clearly.
Excellent overview and industry relevant material
well structured outline, explicit and practical.
Well structured and layered course to start with
Nicely summarized contents on Big data analytics
Great overview and meaningful online experience.
Fantastic introduction into Data Analytics area!
Very interesting and easy understandable course!
I really like this course. Easy and effective .
it's really worth it and easy to understanding.
good material for mid level career professional
Excellent introduction and grow your curiosity.
Very interesting latest information on BIG DATA
The course is very useful for basic knowledge.
Very Good Course, it actually make think a lot
The course was educational and I learnt a lot.
i have learned a lot of things in this course
Very effective and egaging course. Thank you!
Good Overview for data-driven decision making
Excellent course!I love all the instructors!
Great Course to learn concepts on Analytics.
Nice intro to data analytics and management.
A very comprehensive and informative course.
A must do for every intending decision maker
amazed by its effectiveness and simplicity.
Great! Simple, fast and with good insights.
It was very nice learning on this platform
Awesome Course i ever had about the topic.
it was very interesting course! thanks :)
a very interesting course. i recommend it
Great introduction to data and analytics.
great instructors and good presentation.
GREAT COURSE, PROVIDED LOT OF KNOWLEDGE.
Great introduction to data and analytics
Excellent Course and highly recommended.
Very good introduction to Data analytics
Challenging course - I am learning a lot
This course provided wonderful insights.
Very insightful . Enjoyed the material.
great overall introduction to the topic
Nice Introduction to Data and Analytics
Well planned, organised and presented.
Exceptional, detailed, career focused.
A board overview of big data analytics
Very insightful and structured course!
A great course by PwC Team!#Data #PwC
Very good high level overview of Data
Awesome course...myriad perspective!!
This is an excellent course to study.
Very effective and structured course
Good to enhance the analysis skills.
good introduction to analytics world
great introduction to data analytics
Wonderful insight to data analytics!
Good teaching videos. Very practical
Very nice intro course to analytics!
easy format with clear instructions
Well presented and easily retained.
very good introduction to the topic
really supportive for us to learn!
It was a very well designed course
Very detailed and self explanatory
Practice is important for learning
Great for basics in Data Analytics
I enjoyed this course. Thank you.
Awesome experience and learnings!
Pretty useful to understand a fra
A good learning experience indeed
Good course, It was useful for me
Really Enjoyed Taking the Course
great course. fully recommend it
ITS WAS INTERACTIVE AND ENGAGING
Very well content driven course.
Very useful and thorough course.
Insightful lectures and modules
Good structure. Easy to follow.
Excellent!! Highly recommended!
This is a knowledgeable course.
Love the simulation assignment
Very detailed and interactive.
great fun and lots of insights
Very good and well structured
Great Course full og insights
Good course. Really liked it.
Coursera makes learning easy.
Love the systematic approach!
Practical and market driven..
It was very useful. Thank you
Excellent and very useful!!!
A wonderful engaging course
A great course for beginner
Professionally Made Course
Good and insightful course
It was really cool course!
Great Learning experience
Fantastic Course material
Great videos and readings
It was Excellent Course.
Satisfy with the content
Really excelent course!
This is a Great Course!
Such a great programme
best one in the Market
Very useful and clear.
great base information
Highly recommended!!
Very useful overview
Good for a beginner
Real world approach
Very nice material.
Absolutely the best
Very insightful!!!
Good start for AI
Happy to learning
lots of insight!
Great start off
Nicely design
good contents
It was great!
Solid course
Thanks A lot
Great going
Its great.
Awsome!!
