The course is very intense and full of information. However, the course lacks practical approach on Arbitration. It tends to feed the subscriber too much materials under a very limited time.
The course is comprehensive enough to provide an insight to international arbitration. It covers significant provisions of the governing statutes, substantiated by case laws. The faculty for the course has worked well in terms of articulation and quality of course material. A highly recommended course.
First time taking and completing an online course. Surprisingly, it was very engaging and educative. I took the course to get a better understanding on International investment arbitration and an I got that and more! Brilliant!
For those who are thinking of starting the course be aware that this is not a light course. It is heavy but it will give you a great satsifaction in the end. Takes a lot of time and effort and it's worth it.
This course includes short videos that allow me to have a general understanding of international arbitration in 4 weeks. The content is concise, well structured and easy to understand.
Although I have learnt arbitration from a very different and wide purview, I wished it was a bit more interactive. Overall I am deeply elated to have opted for this course. Thank you!
Just a few of the facts concerning the case studies need to be updated according to the latest happenings. But otherwise a well constructed and interesting course.
It was a wonderfully crafted course on International arbitration, but i had to gone through some difficulties to access forum and assignments via mobile phone.
It has been really useful as an introductory course to my next Master's Degree.
The course was fairly good and informative.
I enjoyed it very much
Excellent course.  Lectures are clear and concise.  Testing is relevant and designed to help you understand the material.
It gave a broad understanding of international Arbitration and the law of the sea, international investment laws and others.
Excellent course! Thanks Drs De Brabandere and Pinzauti for such an excellent course. I highly recommend it to anyone interested in arbitration and its different types and forms.
The course International Law in Action: the arbitration of international disputes is explanation very good and starting one and two lessons are not so difficult. But third questions are bit difficult. May be fourth and final exam might be like third questions have to spend more time to answer. I am studying law because of involving United Nation activities and improve my knowledge and not to become  a professional layer. Thank very much Coursera helping to study law. Best wishers to the Coursera organization team.
Excellent course for those who are engaged in international dispute settlement and it will serve as much needed food for thought for those who wishes to build their intellect in given field. It is also a gateway for those who wishes to see themself in Hague and particularly who want to do an advance LLM which Leiden University is about to offer. Highly recommendable!.
Great course to provide an overview of international arbitration. The last exercise needs to be updated with the latest info on the Yukos case, the Appels Court (18/02/2020) reinstated the PCA award.
It was a wonderful course on International Arbitration by University of Leiden. Got to learn a lot. I would like to thank Coursera and University of Leiden for such a productive course.
This was a very insightful course. The manner in which it is structured allows a considerable in-depth coverage of content and direction for further personal development.
I recommend this course on International Arbitration to all, especially to those who want to get an introduction to International Arbitration law.
It was a very interesting course. The links and resources to articles, was very helpful and also the cases that were used to teach the course.
It has been pleasure for me that i fully understand the important concepts of International Arbitration through this course. The lectures are designed and delivered  nicely in a concise form in very easy way to understand the comprehensive knowledge within a short course. Thanks the institution and both the learned teachers.
The course content is clearly articulated and the mode of delivery (lecture videos) very personal and accommodating. I have thoroughly enjoyed and gained so much from the course work that I feel ready to practice Arbitration of International Disputes.I highly recommend this course to any person interested in this field.
This is a great course which provides a broad understanding regarding the Arbitration of International Disputes. It was an interesting experience  and I learned a lot from this Course. Thank you very much university of Leiden and Coursera,  for providing such opportunities to learn online and obtain Knowledge.
Thank you for everything thank you very much for organizing such a chance. Thanks to this course, I gained new knowledge and information that was very useful to me. I would like most people to be aware of this course, thank you for doing something useful to people who are scared of such a system
Excellent course and materials. The course has acted as a refresher for my understanding of international arbitration law. The video lectures are comprehensive and recommended reading lists are very helpful. Thanks a lot to Universiteit Leiden and the course organisers.
The videos are instructive. The readings are relevant. The instructors are great. The course can be done at one's pace and preferred time. Overall, the course is a great place to start if one wishes to embark on a deeper understanding of international arbitration.
It was such a wonderful experience to be part of this course. The video materials are very insightful, well-organized, and clearly delivered. In addition, the optional reading resources provided definitely helped in gaining a deeper understanding of the topic.
Great course that equips one with adequate knowledge of Arbitration of International Disputes, a great indeed for budding arbitrators who want to dive deeper and gain a better understanding of international dispute resolution specifically arbitration
It was the best course experience ever. Teachers are the best teachers in the field. They support us with resources and cases for us to learn. His exams were also really challenging. If you do not grasp the subject, you cannot pass the course.
I really amazed to note that such experienced facilities made this tough subject so easy to understand. I really moved and learnt lot from it. The learning of International arbitration will help me a lot in my professional career
This Course on International Investment Arbitration has been fantastic learning experience. The study material is very knowledgeable and updated. The faculties are excellent and explain the module in a very simplified manner.
I have done the first two weeks and do recommend the course to all who have an interest in international arbitration. The course is easily accessible and provides you with an overview of all the major areas of the subject.
This course has perfectly broadened my horizon with respect to international dispute settlement mechanisms especially arbitration in a very succint and concise manner. The study materials are very resourceful and wide.
The most organized and innovative teaching skills led to an interesting journey of learning. Will always be thankful to Coursera, Leiden University, and excellent faculty for having this resourceful platform.
the most important course I have taken concerning about arbitration,and advise every one interesting in this subject to start,many sources and views easily to be full aware about ,just take the first step..
Excellent course with an adequate introduction to International Arbitration, including Investment Arbitration. I highly recommend this course to anyone venturing into this field of law.
This course is totally great! I got a wonderful experience and new knowledge about the arbitration of international disputes. The explanations are communicative and insightful!
The course content was really good and met my expectations. I am very thankful to both the instructors for designing this wonderful course
The lecture and content of the course will be more beneficial for me in my future professional life.Thanks for the course organisation
That was an interesting course with extensive amount of new information for me and good lectures but quite simple tests. Thank you!
It was a fantastic course. Enjoyed it thoroughly. Thank you to the Professors and Coursera for making is available to us.
It was a useful and introducing course to learn the essential points about the arbitration in a simple and complete way.
Really helped me out in learning the basics of Arbitration. Was concise and easy to comprehend. Thanks!
I highly appreciate your course and really enjoyed while learning. It was so useful and quite helpful!
great course, the lecturers are very articulate and you easily grasp the important principles
Excellent course for Law school students to start learning arbitration in a systematic way.
Very helpful, especially the material which were shared. I would be using them in future.
Course Contents is most appropriate and shall contribute towards learners. Thank you
Excellent course for beginners to the international investment law and arbitration.
Had a great experience with my first online course and learning of the subject.
This course is one of the most interesting courses on the Coursera platform. :)
Outstanding program with truly great professors and impaired content. Thanks!!
Gives you a strong foundation of most aspects of International Arbitration!
Great insight on International disputes, considering a certificate course.
The course is very relevant. Taught in an efficient and bite-sized manner.
Comprehensive with in-depth information on a modern arbitration mechanism
Such excellent lecturers, they make everything super easy to understand.
Great materials and a solid introduction to international arbitration.
Concise and informative. Very good course for beginners. Thank you!
Absolutely loved it. It was highly informative and very useful.
Very Good and precise overview of International Arbitration.
Extremely informative content and delivery of the lectures.
Interesting and nicely prepared. Quite challenging as well.
amazing materials, really good content, best prefessors!
the course was good can I get a course certificate?
Meaningful and valuable. Thank you course creators.
Very informative and enriching. Highly recommended.
excellent! I have learned a lot of things !
really interesting and stimulating !!!
Great course! I highly recommend it.
The course was knit to perfection.
The course was very instructive.
good basis for future studies!!
best course ever in coursera!
Very Beneficial Course
I loved the Course!!!
High quality course
Great Online Course
Recommended to all!
