Really, I enjoyed this course a lot. It gives me new impetus on International Humanitarian Law. Thank you COURSERA .
TostartwIth,IdIdandcompleteedeveryaspectoftheIscourse,tomysuprIseIamseeIngareasadjudheduncomplete.ThIsIsIndIcatIvethereIsanIantechnIcalIssuewIththesIte.Also,therearetwoportIonsonAfulawaItIngcompletIonasbag the Honours Certificate. Nothing of such had been brought to my knowledge. I would like to see such indicated on my profile so I could get those done and over with. In all, I admire this programme a great deal, and envisage it will go on to enhance my chance being gainfully employed. I would equally appreciate hard copy of my original Certificate post to my door step ( mail box). I would also welcome counselling on way forward, -what I need do next to improve upon myself. Such should be within the legal studies and gainful employment. Let me also use this opportunity say a big thank you to the tutors and organizers that made this programme possible. It was educative, informative and most intriguing, I appreciate you all. Regards. Anthony Ogbeide (DipHe Laws).
I really enjoyed this course. It gave me some basic tools and overview of law framework which now allow me to have a better understanding war conflict situation in which IHL apply and how.It was particularly useful for me to have the chance to download the text of the videos in order to have the chance to read what was said in the videos. Thanks to all the coordinators to put togheter all the materials!
Outstanding course. The materials was clear and well presented. Some of the quiz questions could have been clearer. The presentation takes into account the advances and positive aspects of IHL, but in some respects fails to recognize the inherent flaws relating to implementation and enforcement in the face of a  new and ambiguous transnational type of armed  conflict.
Very easy to follow and to learn for a non-law person.  However, I had one issue with the quizes. When the ansers were wrong it was very hard to see or learn why it was wrong other than going back to the curriculum. I don't necessarily have a problem with that but would find it interesting if there was a better means to ensure learning efficiency.
Very good exposure to many deeper facets of International Humanitarian Law.  Easy paced and well structured, the readings that I was exposed to was the major takeaway.  If there is one thing that is missing is automatic scrolling of video transcripts as in Lynda.Com now Linked Learning and transcripts of the audio lectures.
I found the course helpful. It would have been better if all the details have been covered in the video lectures instead of making it necessary to read book. I found that the books had  few extra information that was not covered in the video.
Thank you Coursera, through this forum i have learnt a lot i never thought was possible. the good thing with this is that you can learnt anywhere, anytime, and at your own pace and time. i will highly recommend this forum to anyone.
A very insightful course  into the field of International humanitarian law and practice. The application of the law and Geneva convention  of 1949 and   additional protocols 1 and 2 both play a vital role  herein.
I have had a tremendous experience taking the course. Because the contents were so articulately decorated and the instructors were very deliberate in response to giving lectures. Learnt a lot.
A good basic course, but with some questions to the academic gap between videos and the comprehensive material which can be downloaded.The general impression is, however, very good
The course could have been more interactive and the discussion forums better managed, but overall the content was very good and I was able to gain a sound basic knowledge of IHL.
I had an amazing experience learning about the International Humanitarian Law and look forward to more such online courses through Coursera !!
Please add more topics, videos and materials to this course. It seems some important issues in IHL have not been discussed. Thanks.
Great introductory course. Highly recommended for those without earlier experience but interested in IH
Very good course for the basic concepts of IHL. I enjoyed the lectures and podcasts with experts.
I appreciate the way this MOOC is designed to quench thirst of readers who are committed to learn
I helpful, easy way to learn more about IHL. Great level and doable hours. Thank you!
A great course to understand the technicalities of International Humanitarian Law.
Recommending this course especially if you want more knowledge about IHL.
Very clear and weel structured. It gives a good insights on the topic
I am having problems with uploading my assignments and posts
This course gave me a good foundation to IHL.
Thanks for the opportunity
This was an amazing journey with the my respected Professors of Leiden University. I am really pleased to have this course completed successfully which have enriched my knowledge about actual implementation and enforcement of International Humanitarian Law. This was my first journey with Leiden University and I enjoyed the whole journey with this course. Hope see you soon with another challenge with new course to expand my knowledge in Humanitarian World.
'International Humanitarian Law in Theory and Practice' is a very creative and knowledgeable online course which is created for the law students who are learning IHL. I would like to thank for the course creators to make such a good online course for the law students in worldwide. This course has been a source of intellectual enrichment and practical professional development for me.
Today is remarkable day in my life because i have successfully passed out online course on International Humanitarian Law in Theory and Practice from Universiteit Leiden. Leiden is one of the best university in international law discipline. I would like to give warm regards to Coursera because this is possible only for Coursera. I am too satisfied and i have learned a lot and gather a knowledge form this course. I would to like to give thanks to all the respected professors who guide me a lot with their lecture video. I would to like to thanks  Prof. Heinsch for his easy interpretation . Furthermore i would like to do more courses form Coursera.
The course provided detailed and comprehensive learning materials for the student to indulge in while also providing platforms to practically apply material that has been learnt. The external reference materials were also abundant and co-curricular learning was definitely fostered throughout the length of this course. The course instructors provided concise and comprehensible explanations of the different concepts and proceeded at a pace whereby retention of information is maximised. I would recommend this course to someone who is interested in IHL!
This has been really an amazing course.I have acquired a lot of knowledge in IHL.The beauty about this course is that we didn't only stop at studying the theoretical aspects of IHL but also the practical aspects across the globe are incorporated therein; contemporary IHL issues which has given me a clear insight on various matters regarding IHL it's applicability, implementation and enforcement.Iam really grateful and thankful.Thank you Leiden University -Kalshoven Gieskes Forum ( Leiden KGF).
This course was really comprehensive and engaging! It addressed a lot of really complex areas of law in a practical way that was easy to understand and really get involved with. I also really appreciated how there was a specific focus on how we can actually begin contributing to the field of international humanitarian law now and how we can pursue a career in such a fascinating area of law. Thank you for providing such a fantastic course!
Incredible opporunity to learn more about this niche area of International Law. This course offers a a great, basic, introduction to International Humanitarian Law and is catered to everyone. You do not need to have a law degree to understand the contents of this course and it really offers you a well rounded idea of what IHL is, how to approach understanding IHL and the ways in which it is currently being challenged.
I HAVE REALLY ENJOY THE COURSE AND I AM FOREVER GRATEFUL TO COURSERA  FOR ALLOWING TO TAKE MY DREAM COURSE. THANK YOU AND THANK YOU ONCE AGAIN. I NOW WANT TO PERSUE MASTERS PROGRAM IF THE UNIVERSITY OF LEIDEN WOULD GIVE ME THE OPPORTUNITY.THE COURSE HAS BEEN SO MUCH INTERESTING ABOUT IHL , ICRC, ICC AND THE BODIES IHL LAIISED WITH .  THANKS ONCE AGAIN.
this course is helpful in basic understanding of IHL and in understanding the difference between Human rights laws and IHL enforcements . Teaching Faculty clarified simplified the overview very well.
This training course is very enjoyable and excellent in the field of international humanitarian law. I liked the sequence of topics and the different method of training from reading and listening and showing examples that occurred on the practical reality and training applications on the issue presented .. I hope that this training course will be developed on the Internet because it is undoubtedly valuable It is useful for those who are interested and interested in international humanitarian law.I would like to suggest,  that a specific training course be held so that the participants are registered before the start of the course and divided them into working groups at the end of the course to talk and discuss with each other in each group and then put the application issue and solve it according to opinions and analytical discussions, for example dividing the working groups into a defense team and a prosecution team General, the judges' team and the contradiction of the Ervola case and the violations that occurred
I truly enjoyed studying this course, which is also the first course I completed on Coursera platform.The information provided and the recommended reading were extremely useful to understand the topic and to get an insight in this fascinating area of law.I found the course instructors very knowledgeable and passionate about the modules they taught during this course- and I believe this is an advantage because they simplified but also drew attention towards the most important aspects of each module. Moreover, analysing the decisions in relevant cases brought before the ICJ was a very useful tool to engage IHL and issues of IHRL. I personally appreciate the clarification given to the relationship between use of force in international law and IHL.I would definitely use the information gained in this course for my university assignments. I would like to complete a similar course, if the instructors choose to further develop the topics we explored.
This course actually is my first step into the International Law studies. I wasn't sure before applying because of the feeling, that this would be too difficult for me, particularly taking into account the fact that I have got almost no other knowledge or experience. Moreover, one of the main reasons for enrolling it was my doubts about studying International Law at the university. However, to my surprise and yet fortunately, I realized for myself that I can bravely connect my life with these studies because this course not only was interesting and full of useful material, but it provided me the calmness and confidence for my future as well because everything was provided clearly and gradually so any individual can cope with the training and successfully complete the course. Thank to the teachers\professors for their job and, naturally, the Coursera for making it accessible.
Dear Professor Robert Heinsch | Professor Giulia Pinzauti  | Professors Emma Irving & Cinny Buys of the Universiteit Leiden & Kalshoven-Gieskes Forum. THANK YOU.As I completed my Course today with Honors, I would like to take this opportunity to thank you for the very clear, concise lectures and videos that enabled me to follow and understand the content of the course. The research you put into your lectures right from Week 1 to Week 5 were well thought of and sequential for any student to follow which is commendable. Your instructions along with audio-video, and the interviews of guest speakers were very clear, and the voice tone quality superb, all which enhanced the learning experience. It has been a pleasure learning from your lectures.
It was a very old dream of pursuing this wonderful and insightful course since almost a decade when I failed to pursue it from a very distinguished University in New Delhi, India due to personal reasons. My passion for this topic/ subject is immense which could be seen the fact that it didn't take me more than 7-10 days to complete this amazing 5 week course. It is designed for an easy learning by a thoughtful team led by Prof. and his distinguished team. It's been a great learning experience, especially in the lockdown period which has come as a blessing to me. Thanks again for everything. I also wish to add members and students on a common platform like Telegram - @IHLcourse to update each other about this wonderful field. 🙏
Very insightful and detailed. This course has a curriculum that embraces almost all you need to know about IHL to have a moderate grasp of it, including the most important practice. If studied WITH all the required readings, the course provides a very strong basis that is enough to start researching any subject of interest. However, without the readings, videos in the latter modules lack detail found in modules 1-3. The last module especially is extremely barebones. I propose the creators to give a few-modules attention to the topic of IHL enforcement in practice, especially in international courts. This is essential for full understanding of the subject.
I really enjoyed taking this class because it helped me to deepen my existing knowledge on IHL and to learn much more about the details and challenges of IHL. The videos just have the perfect length and podcasts and the Arafula case study make this class a really comprehensive programme which easily helps you to remember what you have learned. I would definitely recommend this class to everyone who is working on international relations and international security because it constitutes a great complement to the classical approaches of political science.
The course is incredibly presented and the material is outstanding! Just the right amount of knowledge and study with further enrichment applicable. The case study is perfect to implement what was learned in each module. Perfect presentation from the Professors. I am focusing to get tangible career path out of this course. Please offer more relative courses to International work and sustainability. Thank you so much!
I would have no hesitation in recommending this course. The content was excellent and the lectures were presented in a manner which allowed one to easily absorb and understand the subject matter. The pod casts from the outside experts during the course were absolutely fantastic. Many thanks for putting on such an interesting course which has further fueled my interest in International Humanitarian Law.
The content is sufficient and well presented, without overloading the student with too much information. Theories are also connected with real-world examples, which makes the lessons easy to appreciate and relate to. The overall structure of the course is organized and well planned. Thanks to Kalshoven-Gieskes Forum, Grotius Centre for International Legal Studies, and Leiden University.
A course that has a decent amount of work and a lot of content to cover in a short amount of lectures and readings. There are optional discussion prompts, but if a student is well-engaged into the course they would be partaking in those too. The course intends not just for you to learn about IHL, but also to analyse, evaluate and debate different IHL concepts with other students.
I enjoyed this online course very much and the content and explanations were simply perfect. The interviews were also a good idea to introduce us more to the subject we were studying at that moment. It was also very helpful for what I want to do in the future. If you ever do another course like this I would definitely join in!
The course was an awesome experience. It helped me to understand the basics and intricacies related to the International Humanitarian Law, while providing a way of applying the knowledge earned from it practically, through the use of the Arfula Case Study.Thank you so much for the great course material and knowledge sharing
This was my first online course and I am very pleased with this kind of education and learning. It is interesting and a huge advantage is that you have an opportunity to access the course whenever you want. I am sure I will attend many more courses, especially because of positive experience on this one. I recommend it!
I learned a lot from this course, content that will be relevant for me in my pursuit of a specialized graduate degree and in my career. I would recommend to those beginning the course to plan on the weekly assignments taking a bit longer than indicated if you want to get through all of the readings. Time well spent!
I completely loved this course and I learnt so much about IHL and how its put into practice and it has helped me realize that I really want to study Law  and so I am now applying for Bachelors Programs at various universities in The Netherlands and Ireland, my dream is now to become a Human Rights Lawyer.
The course explores all the main components of IHL. However it also introduces the student to contemporary issues and challenges in IHL. It is very didactic with the case study on Arfula. Explanations are great and all the professors interesting. I like the fact to have podacts with visiting experts.
As an educator I learnt a lot about how to structure a course whereby both, persons who are just starting out with the subject and persons who have some experience with the subject, can be be effectively engaged. I humbly express my gratitude and congratulations to the entire team of professors.
absolutely I have learned a lot. I'm now thinking  to learn much more about IHL and write an article about it. I loved teachers and the way that they explains very  serious subjects to us. I hope I can be there, in Leiden, in The Hague :) again,  thank you all. I am really grateful.
Excellent course! Objective material with well-prepared teachers. All exercises and activities are practical, with a very good theoretical basis. The "Arfula Case" is the icing on the cake, inasmuch as it presents an stimulating and pedagogical option to deepen knowledge about IHL.
It's been such an easy way to learn a lot about IHL!, even if your academic background is very low or not related at any point, you will find flexible and high quality interviews, lectures and additional material to learn as much as you can, noticing your progress week by week.
Excellent organIsation and categorisation of the modules. Very important and enlightening course for all of us who try to keep up the law in every range. Your university made the so called achievement on education on IHL, especially in nowadays worldwide warlike circumstances.
This course is expertly taught by professors from institutes centered around IHL. In other words, they know their stuff. This is an excellent introduction to IHL, and covers a good deal of its foundation. Greatly deepened my interest in the subject. The instructors are great!
Leiden U's IHL course offered broad and current perspectives alongside in-depth discussion of the different laws constituting the entire body of IHL. I felt comfortable with the mixed activities encouraging retention of knowledge, as well as discussion with peers.
Really enjoyed it! Completed 5 weeks in one! Is suitable for both those who already have some knowledge of IHL and those who just start getting familiar with it. Many thanks to all the people who worked on this course and made it available for us! Best of luck!
This course provides a very interesting outline for students like me to easily understand the whole purpose of the course which makes me feel influenced by everything they have prepared. I suggest students who want to improve their IHL apply for this course.
This is a course everyone and anyone should take to understand what exists in terms of law. With the increasing number of armed conflict happening around the world, this course can help nation and states at war prevent from committing massive human casualty.
The course is really fascinating and those who are interested in pursuing career in humanitarian field shall do it! The complexity of this course captured my mind. However, every single detail is explained in plain language. So do it and you won't regret!
The whole experience was very good, learned about international humanitarian laws, practice and implementation. I hope it will develop skill and fill some motivation in me to work with Red cross/Red crescent movement and shape my career widely.
Very interesting and well-organized course. It serves as an exceptional introductory arena for future scholars and practitioners in the realm of IHL. The texts suggested are also a necessary tool for a more deep understanding of the subject.
A very well designed course - easy to understand and follow especially for non-lawyer like me. The arfula case study is challenging and an engaging application of laws/theories presented in the course. Thank you to all our lecturers.
This is an excellent course. Unfortunatetly I could not finish it before the deadline, as I am taking this court for fun, besides working. I was not able to find out whether I can download the course somehow to finish it later on.
Really helping me to understand what International Humanitarian Law, this course acquire more some knowledges and law-vocabulary in the same time. It's appropriate with you who want to learn more about international law
A truly insightful course which gives you a good introduction to IHL in theory and in practice, especially for those with no background on the topic. Every concept is well-explained and the content is rich as well.
It's a privilege to have access to this content. I had a clear understanding of the mechanisms of IHL and how they differ from regular international law and hopefully can apply it further on my education.
A really very wonderful, articulate and helpful course. The Professors were great with their knowledge and presentations. The practical insight given by the guest-speakers were just priceless.
A complete and highly recommendable MOOC: enjoyable, with accurate readings, video training, podcasts and a case study that is being extended with each module. I recommend it without a doubt.
I really enjoyed the flow of the videos and modules, also the teachers were easy to listen to and understand. The podcasts with important figures in the field were an excellent bonus!
Really interesting course, well-organised and full of useful information.   Thank you to all the Course Team for making it so enjoyable to learn so much about such a complex subject.
I enjoyed this course immensely. There is enough material as well as additional material to delve deeper into the content of the course. I will definitely recomend this course.
That's an incredibly interesting course, it can make you interested in Humanitarian Law if you've never heard of it. I was enjoying all the time I participated in the course!
I'm enjoying  the course.  The quiz  part is brainstorming as it mandates and allows one to pay attention to the detail in the explanations  given. Thank you for this course.
The best course to understand the basics of International Humanitarian Laws. The tutors have remarkably succeeded in making this subject quite interesting and engaging.
It was the most interesting course of Coursera. I'm specialised in IHL for 2 years and notwithstanding this fact I found out many important things. Thank you very much!
This is a nice course, It helps me open many ideas about International Humanitarian Law and the role of this IHL for every individual and for a society in general.
Excellent course to understand International Humanitarian Law. This will help a lot in my teaching of Constitutional Law and International Law. Thanks and cheers!
I Liked this course. I do recommend International Humanitarian Law in Theory and Practice for all who interested in International Humanitarian Law. Many thanks.
excellent course for the understanding of the international humanitarian law both for academicians and practitioners to begin a further study on the subject.
This course has helped me for a better understanding of the International Humanitarian Law, its implementation and enforcement. It will help me in my career
This course is very well structured and the video lessons are thoroughly explained, in a language for anyone to understand. I am really enjoying it so far!!
Really interesting, through and enjoyable course. So much to learn but really gives you the insight into the complexities and obstacles to consider in IHL.
I am absolutly delighted with this course! I have gained a great understanding of IHL and it did broaden my perspective of law in war times. Thank you!
Though it was my first MOOC, but the kind of which made me interested for more electronic self-education! Indeed a perfect website to excel and thrive!
As a humanitarian, it's a highly demanded course to me. Will put in my practice and so on the "International Humanitarian Law in Theory and Practice"
Very comprehensive course, which helped me to systematize my knowledge. I definitely recommend it, and am thankful for the possibility to take it!
i do like this course and you do can learn something if you study this course hard, it also expands and renovates my knowledge to IHL!! i like it
This course is great. Thank You to all those who made this online course possible and for sparing your time to us who participated. Mabuhay!!!
Enlightening and complete, this course is a great option for anyone who wants to learn important concepts of IHL. I strongly recommend it.
Very clear, straight to the point. With basic knowledge I acquired, I aim to learn more through the additional recommended readings.
An excellent primer on international humanitarian law with useful reading material and interesting interviews with practitioners.
Great course to get an introduction to IHL. I recommend it to anyone who wants to have a basic knowledge of the field.
Wonderful Course! Helped me a lot in understanding International Humanitarian Law. Podcasts were my favourite part :)
This Course equipped me with knowledge and materials I needed to further deepen my knowledge of IHL. I am grateful.
Wonderful. Simply wonderful!! Although I recommend more topics in the future, like the "responsibility to protect".
Course was very engaging and I feel I have gained a lot of usefule knowledge in terms of IHL and its application.
This course was truly amazing! Very thorough- I learned a lot! Definitely am going to take another Leiden course!
Excellent course, very interesting, and the best thing is that it tests your knowledge in theory and practice.
top stuff, amazing course and very good interviews with professional people who knows about the subject well.
Great way to get a general and somehow more specific knowledge of IHL and war conflicts. It was inspiring
Am already impressed with the introductory animations and notes, it's an awesome course worth a take👌👏
I was a truest enlightening experience.It Dave critical and analytical view of each and every concept.
Fantastic course delivered exquisitely by season lecturers. All round knowledge on IHL is certain.
Excellent course and I would recommend it to anyone interested in International Humanitarian Law
An excellent method of teaching and a very accessible opportunity as an introduction to IHL!
This is a great course to gain fundamental understanding of International Humanitarian Law.
Indeed a prestigious to gain a firm foundation of Humanitarian LAW and its implementation.
I am learning something new under this great course recommended by Prof. Blessing Lawal
It was a nice and helpful course. Podcasts are better if the transcripts are published.
Thanks, this course was excellent, the information was important to learn and apply.
Thank's to Pr. Robert Heinsch and his team, this course was really interesting!
Its very interesting course. upload some easy materials.and upload more videos
Was very helpful and I enjoyed a lot. It gave me a basic background in IHL...
very precise and to the point learning materials. Very well designed course.
An excellent overview of International Humanitarian Law, highly-recommended!
Good course if you want to learn more about international humanitarian law.
Thank you for the course! It has provided me lots of knowledge in the IHL.
Very helpful to learn humanitarian law and to choose a professional career
Absolutely perfect Yes. It is a great online classroom ever and forever.
Interesting topics for further research applicable in ongoing cases
Thank you a lot, it was an interesting and useful course for me!
Useful and interesting I am happy I had the chance to finish it.
it was very interesting , now I understand IHL and i can move on
Excellent integration of video, discussion, reading and quizzes.
Such courses certainly make the world a better and safer place.
An excellent introduction and refresher - highly recommended!
The videos were great and the readings extremely informative
A very well organised and taught course!!!Many thanks!!
It helped me very well in advancing my knowledge on IHL
Quite enlightening course, taught in simple language.
Very well explained and interesting topics covered!
A great and in depth course. Really enjoyed it!
Informative and interesting - would recommend.
veyry comprehensive and well arranged course.
Really helpful to understand the basis of IHL
İt was very great to attend this course.
Well presented and informative course
good job and was enjoy with coursear
Great Course ..Very Resourceful..
A very good online course on IHL.
Very useful and very informative.
The greatest course in my life!
THANKS! IT IS REALLY HELPFUL!
Great class! Would recommend!
Best course ever! Thanks.
Maybe a follow up course?
thahts good experiences!
Very instructive
very high
