This course is not so good. A lot of things are just come from the instructor's head without correcting reference from high quality literature. He can say whatever he think is right. But I would not say all animals do not have complex language systems, or we have one single origin of language. I would also suggest the instructor to interview more world-famous linguists, not just play simple ask and answer with his students. 
The examples of different languages in the later weeks are interesting. But somehow I expect some better understanding of more aspects of languages. In general I would say it still has so much space for improvement. I would not recommend anyone to spend time on learning this course.
I don't know what is the problem  as I study the videos well and when it come to taking quiz i never pass so I watch the videos over and aver again but it always the same result the part of other languages I'm not sure what is the point of it I mean does it help in English to know how to say for example hi in other languages plz  if anyone passed the course . could u plz help me
I do not like this course.  There are far too many prejudicial ideas - even in the first unit.  A language does not have to be used by a single / unified group to define it as a language.  Esperanto is a perfectly valid language, fully capable of expression, and does not belong to a single / unified group.  There are no native speakers, either - which does not rob it of the fact that there are winners of the Nobel Prize for literature who write in it.  The things you are saying about language are not merely willfully ignorant, they are highly offensive & prejudicial.  I cannot conscience supporting a course like this.
the videos were interesting and informative however there was a vast difference between the level of the videos and the quizzes. it caused a lot of guessing and frustration because the questions and/or choices were unclear and the subject or topic being asked about were quite confusing.I am not completely sure that I have fully understood all the terms and concepts discussed. very frustrating.
To difficult to enjoy, unfortunately.
The course itself is fine. The quizzes, however, are so frustrating as to lower the enjoyment of the whole thing. Numerous answers are just factually wrong. You end up retaking the quiz time and again and then selecting random answers just to pass.
Professor Marc van Oostendorp has woven a lovely and living web of an introduction/refresher to Linguistics for anyone with the beginning of a serious interest. His enthusiasm and outright love of the discipline are infectious and are filtered by an evident and generous humanity.  This works especially well in his choice of guest speakers who are without exception a joy to hear.  He ties it all together at the end with William Labov's wonderful retrospective, showing the student that one doesn't have to be a follower of a particular school of thought to appreciate how its proponents generously pour their discipline, experience, skills, love and humanity into what they are doing.  In so doing they, as well as the good Professor, share the essential lesson:  approach language with all the scientific discipline you can muster but always keep in mind that it is something human, mysterious and very much alive, and always changing.  Something that cannot be caged.Why only two stars? One star off for each of the following:First, it is too light and the required readings too short and too easy.  Furthermore, there is an over focus on certain topics, especially politeness theory and speech errors, which doesn't really go anywhere.  Other topics, such as approaches to syntactical analysis, cognitive linguistics, etc. could well be further explored.Next, the structure of student participation should be enhanced to require much more lateral work (of better quality) among and between students currently taking the course.  Much of the recent input was appallingly poor, leaving one with the impression that participants where just ticking boxes.  Finally, and most importantly, is the failure of the course on this commercial platform.  The student receives many emails urging the purchase of a certificate or of other courses, but the course itself is not kept properly updated.  It contains many errors that have not been corrected for quite some time.  Most are not very important, but some, including a few patently incorrect quiz and exam answers (which have been cited and admitted in the Forum but not changed), are important.  The student has, in effect, no way to check where s/he might have gone wrong.  The student gets no up-to-date feedback.    The course was free, a kind of teaser for the commercial product, but that gives Coursera all the more reason to keep it updated, to keep on improving it.  One gets the impression, as things now stand, that Coursera cares about the money a little too much.  That it has  missed the balance between the search for profit and the search for meaning.  Coursera is letting this course, a lovely living thing, slowly die on the vine.Jack Kennedy
The course was often confusing and the quizzes came down to a question of trial and error. I found this very frustrating. Although the topics were interesting, I didn't  find them very well presented in spite of the enthusiasm of the lecturer. But there was a lot of ambiguity and bias and the inability to discuss except through the forums was off-putting. It wouild be good to know why answers were wrong in the quizzes particulalry when you had put a lot of effort into studying them. In the final exam, there are questions which are evidently wrong, both in their wording and in their marking and nothing has been  done to remedy this in spite of the complaints in the discussion page.
I would not recommend this course to anyone interested in an introductory linguistics course. While I understood the content of the lectures, discussion videos, interviews, language informant videos, and required reading, the quizzes were far too difficult for a beginner course. I found myself wanting to drop the course, and the discussion forums show I am not alone in my frustrations throughout the six weeks.
There were a lot fo sloppy mistakes in the videos, I looked up a lot fo the stuff up outside of the course (which I had to because it was explained to me on the course like i was a 5 year old) then when i tried to give genuinely thought out answers from my outside readings the course said it was wrong, i don't know who to believe but i have to beieve it is the course because there have been a number of times when a concept hasn't been explained in depth enough and the quiz has not reflected the quizzes. also a lot of the time the outside reading does not reflect the lectures, i did like the informants but this wasn't recapped and none of my errors were corrected before i had to go in to the quiz. You could add more videos after the informants to explain what we should have been looking for. Sometimes the task during this wasn' made explicitly clear. I did like the phonology part, that was fairly traightforward and well explained.
The course and videos are wonderful the speakers are engaging and the content fascinating.   As a more casual student I am finding the quizzes far too difficult.  I am a very smart person and I am struggling with understanding the phonetic alphabet and other very technical aspects of this course.  I will be dropping the course because while I wanted to learn the concepts I do not have the time or patience to get that granular for a course of this type.
Interesting content, but issues with broken links needed to complete quizzes while they were due.  Needs better explanation of how to use other resources.  Many of the quiz questions are  arbitrary, rather than really testing  knowledge gained in the class.  The lectures are still useful, and would recommend doing this as a free course, but see no use in paying for a certificate on completion of the course.
Instructions were confusing or absent in parts of the course.  See forum.  I also was left with no practical application of what I learned.   I enjoyed the studies which showed language changing within cultural divisions
Very slow moving. Feels like you have to sit through a lot for very obvious information. I would recommend http://ielanguages.com/linguistics/ for a more detailed and more concise introduction.
no question that prof is very educated and knowledgeable but course was not quite what i expected. I find the content not well structurethe quizzes can be trivial and misleading.
Interesting but way too difficult to pass the weekly exams.
At times I found the exam questions frustratingly ambigous, so a review of those would be in order so that future misconceptions can be avoided. The other thing that I found problematic is that the course offers a lot of trivial information, so at times I felt that I was wasting my time. In other words, it is maybe too much introductory in character, something which some persons would appreciate, but it was not for me. The best part of the course, in my opinion, are the interviews. I got the chance to hear a lot interesting stuff there. The language informants part is quite nicely done, too. It gives you the chance to sharpen your attention listening to language. The professor makes himself quite enjoyable till the end. It would be really nice if he considers next to start a more advanced MOOC on linguistics, one which will involve more readings and a chance to delve more deeply into the miracles he so cheerfully talked about.
Too difficult for an introductory course.  Ambiguous information.  Time estimates are way off.  Not what I expected.  Rather provincial in its approach.  Guess I'm just not cut out to be a linguist.  Answers to the tests are not available or derivable from the lectures and required readings.  I've read a lot of articles and books, particularly about neurolinguistics and the intersection between linguistics and genomics and the information in the course does not really assist with understanding what I've been reading, though I can sort of see how the authors might have made use of some of the things presented here.  The interview with Chomsky was particularly useless.
This course was interesting. It was interesting learning about linguistics and the various things related to languages. The only problem was that the quizzes were too hard. I feel like the quizzes were too hard for an introductory course to Linguistics. Many times, it was frustrating because it took me two or three tries just to pass them. I feel like this had a lot to do with how the questions were set up and through how it seemed like the answers to those questions weren't in the source material. My one recommendation would be to improve the quizzes.
The content was very interesting and offered in coherent ways. The quizzes, however, were more challenging than they needed to be. A lot of the questions were asked in unusual and unclear ways which made answering it very difficult because I wasn't always sure what exactly they were asking. I also found it difficult to know what exactly the answers meant as they often didn't correspond exactly to the way things were said in the lectures and readings, so even if you followed the content closely the answers didn't always make sense.
This course is good for those who are interested in linguistics and thinking of starting a professional linguistic studies.  The course introduces some major linguistic subfields: linguistic typologist, neurolinguistics, psycholinguistics, phonologist, etc., but it's only introductions.  You need to delve into the subfield you've got interested in if you want to really know about the specifics.  A variety of reading materials are offered, and you can explore miracles of languages as much as you like!
The ethnologue is a mess, and I don't think a linguistics course should depend on a website to pass not only some questions, but almost half of a module, because you can understand perfectly what people is saying about their languages and you can formulate accurate questions that can be answered with the information given, and not researching in a web that has different content than the course provides, or changes the numbers, or absolutely ignore some important facts of languages searched.
It is a decent course that teaches the very basics of linguistics. It covers the topics of a Linguistics 101 course but no topic is explored in depth. It seems that some of the topics mentioned are barely even touched (e.g., Week 5 - Language in the Brain). Professor Oostendorp is a good lecturer but the lectures are not presented for easy notetaking. You should be prepared to make your own notes from the video lectures given few summaries/bulleted lists/etc.
I watched all the videos, but did not do the coursework.I was a total beginner on the subject. The videos were very well made, and quite nice to watch.However, I feel like the material was a bit too easy for my taste. I would have enjoyed a course that delved into "harder things". For someone who doesn't like as much "hard challenges" as I do, I do think that this course is a nice introduction to the subject.
I've watched the first module and it was good. Only that the website that we are supposed to get the answers for the first week's quiz ( the last 5-6 questions ) from, is not working. And I have to take the quiz several times to find the answers. Please do something about it for the future learners, thank you.
I thought this class was very interesting, but I, like many others, was frustrated by the quizzes.  Also, I tried to do the first honors assignment, but was at a big disadvantage using a language I don't know.  How am I supposed to come up with counter examples when I don't know the language?
Hard to understand with the accents at times and I have gone through the videos while trying to find an answer for the quiz and it was never mentioned in the video so sometimes the quizzes don't match what was taught. Otherwise, I learned a lot.
Very intersting but very time-consuming: in order to pass the tests with its tricky and detail-focused questions you need to read the questions carefuly and review all material a second time.
I was expecting that the course would cover IPA in-depth. It's pretty unconscionable that an intro linguistics course would not pay deep attention to this topic.
The quizzes in this class were the most difficult and confusing. I have had dozens of Coursera classes, but this course was the most troublesome.
It is a good course for an introducion to Linguistics. However, it is a ittle technical
I had a great and much needed introduction.Tiffany B.
I failed to see what the quizzes had to do with the lectures.  There were errors, apparently, and I couldn't see the connection between the foreign language informants and what we were supposed to do in the quizzes.  I was thankful that the discussions and peer assignments/ reviews were not required.  If it were not for the mentors who helped with some of my trouble spots, I'm not sure what I would have.  Even some of the questions on the final were barely discussed in the lesson.  The professor Marc made it interesting and at times funny, and thus he did a great job, but because of the quizzes I nearly qu
Overall, I really enjoyed this class. It gave me an excellent overview of linguistics as the scientific study of language. The presentation style was really engaging as Maarten interacts with Martin, Inge and guests. The downloadable lecture transcripts were fantastic. That said, I have a few suggestions:1) Include more free online resources. Most the background reading material were Amazon books, which are expensive if you come from a country with a weak currency. On the practical note, most telelearners like myself don't have time to read an entire book. It would have been far better to include journeys. 2) If students want to do the honours course, allow them to study on a different academic schedule. I found it impossible to complete research assignments and tests at the same. 3) A few assessment questions were poorly phrased and this leads to confusion on the single and multiple select quizzes.4) Commenting and replying to questions wasn't that interactive. Hoping that somebody would randomly reply or comment to your answer was frustrating. If we were paired up with online study partners, we could discuss topics together.  5)Lastly, fix for typos on course material and tests.  MOOC's are definitely the future of education in an increasing globalized and connected world. Thank you for a great module.
The course is interesting and offers a theoretical basis together with real language examples, that is a good combination when trying to put some of the theory in practice. The interviews with researchers also offer different perspective into interesting topics. What I consider not quite well accomplished are the tests: some offer incorrect answers to questions that already have been pointed out, as mentioned by the staff, in previous editions. Not having them corrected rests credibility to the entire course material. The final test includes some questions that although having relationship with a particular module, are hardly something relevant to take away from this course (e.g. in what sentence did a language informant repeat a nasal sound as a result of a speech error). If we consider tests as a learning tool, as they should be, the way they are designed should be more careful and meaningful to the learner. Despite the parts that to me need improvement, I want to thank to everybody involved in preparing and offering this MOOC, as I know from personal experience how challenging this can be.
More comprehensive than I thought. Starts with a good introduction and goes through different areas of linguistics: phonology, semantics, syntax, pragmatics, biological aspects etc. Although some videos have some mistakes in them, course material is high quality. Lectures and interviews are professional and language informants have been chosen well (thanks and congratulations to each informant!)I gave 4 stars because I felt that the quizzes and the final exam were a bit too detailed for an online course. It would be worse if they were too easy, but I think this difficulty is still a bit over the top (although I passed almost all of them at first attempt)I definitely like when courses force attendants to go on the forum, write their ideas and respond to others. This mandatory interaction definitely works and the forum is full of brilliant comments and good discussions.To sum up: difficult exams but the course has been prepared very professionally and whoever wants to have a basic understanding of the study of linguistics would gain a lot from this.
Great course and a fantastic introduction to linguistics.  The Professor's passion for the subject is infectious, and he and the assistants present information very clearly.  The interviews also allow the participant an insight into current developments in the field.The discussion forum was a particularly good touch.  It was interesting to see a lot of different perspectives and interpretations.  This was the most rewarding in the pragmatics section, with the differing interpretations about whether a student in the scenario presented had violated any of Grice's maxims.Areas for improvement: - Some of the quiz questions felt very ambiguous; like there could be more than one correct answer.  This led to some annoying dropped marks. - The honours assignment instructions were quite unclear (this came up in the forums also). - Missing content like subtitles from the language informant videos.Overall, would thoroughly recommend this course, both for beginners and for those with some or even much linguistic knowledge.
I really enjoyed this course and I feel lucky for having the chance to learn new things about Linguistics with a prestigious university such as Leiden. The only thing that doesn't make me give five stars is that in some points the course was not perfectly clear: in the second week I got information about the way we were supposed to pass the quiz through the forum and when I asked a question on the forum no one ever answered to me. I understand this may be because not everyone feels to get involved in the discussions, but I feel that there should be someone from the organisation side actually checking if everything is going smooth or not. Another thing I didn't find very well made was in week 6 the article on Lebov: because the article was no longer available, you were supposed to see a hour long video to get the information for the quiz. Anyway, a part from these little feedback, I enjoyed the course and I feel that I have more background information now.
I have enjoyed this course although being a somewhat deaf beginner I found the modules on the sounds of, and the mechanics of making, consonants along with  the videos of the informants, somewhat frustrating.  .  Plus I really struggled with Module 6 and Politeness Theory and am not totally sure that it actually added anything to the course, at least for me.I read a number of reviews before I started this course, in which people were complaining about the quizzes and although some of the questions were relatively easy, they were not all just about ticking boxes, but actually reading and understanding the intent of the questions.  I was a beginner with little previous studied knowledge of the subject.The Professor was enthusiastic and engaging.Thank you
I liked the couse a lot, but I think the quizzes are very tricky and there are questions that you have to deduce more than to know. This is OK as part of learning, but it turns a little difficult when English is not your first language. Also, there were some errors in the quizzes, especially in week 3 and 4. It's very interesting to listen to the informants, but I find difficult to answer the questions about them. I'm not familiar with those languages and it's very hard, and I think that's not the point of the course, like to know how to say "grandma" in Abruzzese or how many ways there are to say "son" in Chinese. So, it may be taken into consideration. Anyways, I really liked the course and I hope it can grow for the best. Thank you!
I really enjoyed the content of this course. It really was a fascinating introduction and I feel I have learnt so much. It has made me hungry to learn more in some ways but less in others (as I found some parts quite technical and tricky but felt proud when I finally worked out the answers!). The Professor is very personable and the lectures are well presented. I did not personally have time to do the Peer assessments but would have liked to. Thank you to all involved. i chose this course as it interested me but it was by chance from Leiden university which is where I live. I felt more connected somehow.
Professor van Oostendorp was a big plus and asset to this course. I would have really liked to have him as a professor at the Uni. I'm not giving 5 stars because I believe the estimated workload (in terms of time) for the mandatory reading material is at times vastly underestimated (like with the article on typology in module 1 and the audio lecture in module 6, for instance). Additionally, the way the forum is now, it is basically impossible to keep track of your own contributions and others' replies, which fatally undermines interaction between course participants.
I think this course was very interesting, and quite frankly it would deserve a 4.5 stars rating. My only (light) remark would be that I would have hoped more details on the research studies the teacher presents. It's only at the very end, in the society and linguistics part that we get to see some detailed results from an academic study. Also, I would have liked more on historical linguistics, but I know that was not part of the initial curriculum. Overall, kudos to Leiden University's linguistic team, this was a great course.
The course is a lightweight introduction to Linguistics. If you are absolutely new to linguistics, it will provide you with enough information for further research and self-development. There are some really interesting facts provided by the required reading of the course.What I mostly liked about the course is the list of additional literature. What I mostly didn't like are quizzes - I little bit too reliant on the question formulation. The only quiz that I really liked was about syntactic analysis of informants' sentences.
I appreciate that the videos were intentionally taken at close range and they have transcriptions that I can read when I am losing my focus.   I learned so much from this course and it has inspired me to further analyze and understand my own languages and my own culture.  The quizzes are challenging but that is how to make tests! I am inspired to formulate quizzes about my mother tongue following Coursera's pattern. Thank you!
I really enjoyed the course and learnt a lot; I particular appreciated it as it helped me understand more of the issues I faced when learning languages. I particular enjoyed the prcatical aspect, not the theorectical so much: I was completely baffled by the section on "face" and would have appreciated a fuller explanation & more examples. The course videos were well made and engaging. Thank you for a great course!
This course does a decent job of covering the main pillars of linguistics and puts the theories into practice by giving us a chance to apply our learnings of each module to real-life languages, and it even includes native speakers of those languages.If you're new to linguistics or want to brush up on your previous learnings, this course is definitely a great supplementary resource.
A great course, it contains very broad discussion of the problems of linguistics.Quite demanding quizes force students to watch videos carefully and to read the required reading. This leads to better understanding of the matter.The videos in the course are great too, the explanation of prof. Oostendorp is very lively and entertaining. The interviews with specialists are unique.
Excellent course, though I found it difficult.  The exercises that required listening to students speaking different languages were particularly hard for me, probably because I speak only English and my ear is poor. Nevertheless, I persevered and feel I got a great deal from the course.  I would like to take the next course in the sequence, if there were one.
really good and interesting, the quizzes (especailly the final one) were a bit irritating when you had to keep flicking back to previous videos on the same page (the language informants); I felt that the final quiz should have been exclusively what has been lerned rather than going back to langauge informant videos. But otherwise, a fantastic free resource.
An excellent course providing a strong basis in the technical areas of linguistics, particulary useful when you have prior nowledge in a cognitive science. Nonetheless, some questions of the test tend to be a bit confusing and would benefit from a little revision - but the tests remain doable!A very interesting course, completely worth your time.
This course provides a comprehensive and authoritative introduction to linguistics, including a wide range of topics, such as syntax, semantics, morphology, and psycholinguistics. The theories are explained in a very clear manner, and the different interviews enlighten the learner and inspire him to pursue linguistics with ever greater passion.
Firstly, I'd like to thank the professor for bringing us such a great class on linguistics!  The course gives a general introduction on what linguistics is about in quite a balanced depth, not too deep to scare people away while not too shallow that you may feel boring. The missing star is due to some vague instructions of quizzes.
I learned very much in this course, and I am thankful for the opportunity to have taken it. I found some of the quiz questions to be unnecessarily difficult because of how specific they were to the videos of the language informants, but overall, I enjoyed the course and the wide range of supplemental materials that are offered.
Great course. Even though it says An Introduction... I found it demanding.By the way, when I started the course it was possible to see the number of hours a week needed to complete the course (3 - 4 hours) on the course description. However, now it's not possible and I need this important information a.s.a.p.  Thank you!
Overall, I enjoyed taking this course. It was challenging, but it helped me to develop my skills in reading journal articles and assessing university level material. It had interesting case studies and gave me a good grounding in the field of linguistics. Thanks University of Leiden and Dr. Marc van Oostendorp!
There was a lot of interesting information in this course, and I liked the interviews and guest speakers of other languages. If I could change anything, it would be the wording on some of the quiz questions, and the difficulty of a beginner course asking for some of the analysis with the guest speakers.
A nice refresher for people who already have a linguistic background, and a nice introduction for beginners also. My problem was all the weird questions about the informants. Some of the questions are really hard to understand which makes them impossible to answer. I'm glad I took the course though!
I have zero background in linguistics, and I found this course interesting and educational. The quizzes however do have some issues such as a couple of wrong or unclear questions as well as arbitrary questions, so be aware that you may have to resort to trial and error in some cases.
Great introductory course. Helped me a lot to understand what linguists do even if I didn't quite get all the key ideas which weren't all explained in depth enough. The examples from languages  are helpful but require quite a good ear so I guess it takes some gift for languages.
Introductory insight into Linguistics. The professor takes you very briefly about the variety of subdivisions in linguistics , which , each by itself being a big subdivision  within linguistics. Enlightened with basics of all these different approaches of investigating languages
Extremely interesting, videos were entertaining and informative. My only criticism is that the quizzes and final exam seemed to be at a higher difficulty than the course material, and often they were poorly worded or the correct answers didn't seem to be right.
The videos are pretty good, the explanations are easy to understand and I enjoyed the extra material (reading resources). The only thing I would change about this course are the exams, they ask very specific questions and things that may not be that important.
Good and intense introduction, but difficult multiple choice questions as most answers are deeply rooted in the clips and not in a reading text. love the free access to Ethnologue and introduction to other linguistic tools such as WALS.Thanks to the team.
This was a very interesting course and introduced me to a lot of interesting concepts and expanded my understanding of the concept of linguistics. I felt some areas could have been explored a bit deeper but overall I enjoyed the course very much.
The course was very interesting and well laid out. The only problems I faced were technical issues during quizzes and forum posts, but the course content itself is excellent and a good starting point for exploring linguistics and human languages.
It is a nice course, very well organized for those you are eager to learn about the theoritical aspects of linguistics, such as semantics, morphology. Every video has several quizes, just like every module. I would surely recommend it to anyone.
Very interesting and useful course albeit not too deep. It would be great to deepen the covered topics (not to make the course longer!) by adding additional materials for reading and viewing and by making the quizes bigger. Thank you!
VERY good content and classes! Some questions in the quizzes are confusing, and there was the trouble with the required reading for Week 3. The first Honors assignment is confusing - specially its very last input question.
It's an excellent introduction to linguistics! This course gives learners a general picture of how the field of linguistics look like. Assignments and assessments are of moderate difficulty. Definitely worth taking it!
Sometimes it was hard to understand the concept the professor was trying to make, because some grammatical forms were wrong and therefore the whole concept misleading. Otherwise very interesting course and thank you!
The course is excellent and the videos are very entertaining and engaging. The only problem I had was that the test questions were sometimes confusing and several of their answers could be considered true.
This was an interesting but challenging course. What I would recommend as an improvements is that the quizzes included comments for wrong answers and suggestions what material to re-read or listen.
It is a great course. With truly interesting guests, well organized, with helpful complementary material (Ethnologue and papers). The only thing to fix are some quizzes (specially, the first one).
I am essentially learning languages for work or for fun but this course gave me an opportunity to consolidate some knowledge / understanding about languages and across many languages. Excellent!
Good introduction to linguistics led by a charming Professor with great enthusiasm for his subject.  It was certainly enough to convince me that the study of linguistics is not for me
It's fantastic to have a brief look into the intriguing Linguistics. There's so much to learn. But some of the readings and test might be too difficult and improper for a beginner.
There's just one problem: the exams. The questions and logic behind the answers are not clear enough. It's an excellent course and certainly, it would be relevant to my career.
The course was a nice introduction to linguistics, many topics were covered, but not in a very detailed way. I was expecting more examples from different languages.
Interesting way of presenting the basics of linguistics. Helps a lot to organise crucial informatinon in one's memory. Lessons, however, are too similar.
A very nice introduction, covers a variety of topics that different branches of linguistics study, is not theory-heavy and is quite entertaining.
This is a decent introduction to the field of linguistics that is easy to understand and accessible to those without previous content knowledge.
A comprehensive introductory course to the study of linguistics. Would be even better if it covers more applied linguistics topics.
Very nice work on the various fields of Linguistics, high level interviews, but rather laborious and time consuming quizzes.
I enjoyed the course and learned a lot. I wish there had been more interaction in the discussions, though.
It is a great course including details and all aspects of linguistics. It satisfies my curiosity!
Thank you for your great effort making this course possible for people from all over the world.
Material is excellent and very interesting. Test questions can be confusing and poorly phrased.
Very enjoyable however, I feel that Quiz Three needs to be looked over for software problems.
Very interesting and passionating course even for people who are new to linguistic.
It is a great introduction course, covering every aspect related to linguistics.
First course tried.. succeeded! Very informative and nice to work on! Thank you
Interesting course, I've learned a lot of things about studying languages.
An eye-opener and a game changer course to understand humanity.
great course. Great refresher 30 years after college.
One of the most brilliant courses I have ever taken!
Wide-angle, general introductory course. Engaging.
Interesting content, but still a bit buggy...
Good course, nice teachers, good material
The interview with Chomsky a real treat.
Great introduction to linguistics.
101 linguistics
great course!
I've taken a number of online courses on linguistics now, and this one was by and far the best. The material covered is indepth and engaging, and the professor's enthusiam makes the videos a delight.
Some of the material could be a bit more analytical, and there were a few problems with the quiz questions. Other than that, perfect! Great introduction to linguistics. Thank you for your hard work!
Extremely informational, well presented, with questions that stimulate reflection. The optional reading material is food for thought. I hope to see more courses from the same professor and University.
Excellent! Really enjoyed and learnt a lot. I did not expect such a great content and professionalism in a free course. I am definitely purchasing for the title. Thanks to all the team! Great job!
This course has helped me reactivate my writing and critical thinking skills. This has also reminded me of some linguistic principles that I am now applying in my language teaching job. Also, one of my goals is to look for some potential topics for research and the projects have given me some topics for consideration. The format of the course is comprehensive, informative and can be accessed smoothly. Prof. Dr. van Oostendorp explains the topics extensively and he interacts with Martin and Igne and the language informants as if he has everything in mind. The topics are full packed together with the readings. I enjoyed doing the fieldwork as they are potential research topics.Thank you Coursera!
This course was very useful despite that I did not do it for credit. I have, overall been very content with the course. I would like to thank the professor, Mr. van Oostendorp and everyone else who helped for creating such an informative and interesting course. I would recommend this course to just about anyone.
Great course, but the quizzes can be a bit too demanding and without clear answers.
Was helpful course. I learned a lot of things from this course.
This class was incredible and the most enjoyable and informative class I have tried on Coursera so far! The professor was great, very knowledgeable and informative, very charismatic and in depth. I liked the format a lot. He has two students Marten and Inga, also both very charismatic, who every week sit down with him to ask questions they have about subjects he spoke about which really helps get some clarification on things. Inga and Marten also interview various experts on the subjects of the week. There was even a trip or two to talk to experts in the field/lab. This was a great introduction on a field I have a lot of interest in and I now feel more confident to take courses in linguistics and pass them when I return to college for my degree.  My confidence in my understanding of linguistics and my desire to learn more have grown. As an added bonus the knowledge I've gained has helped me immensely in my studies and understanding of other languages such as German, Japanese, Turkish, and Arabic! I highly recommend this course to anyone with any interest in linguistics! If there are any other courses offered from this same professor or college on Coursera I do intend to seek them out!
"Miracles of Human Language" is a great introductory course for those who want to get into linguistics, but it is also an amazing course for writers, teachers, psychologists and all lifelong learners interested in a topic. I'm very grateful to Prof. Dr Marc van Oostendorp, his students and everyone who was involved in creating this course. I also want to say thanks to coursera team for making this course available for so many learners. This course inspired me to start learning Spanish and French (I now spend some time on duolingo.com every day, and with a great pleasure). Also, after finishing this course, I felt confident enough to start an important writing project (a book for children with a goal to prevent child abuse, the book is in Russian).In this course the idea of changing the world with your words is presented in such a simple and convincing way, that it's impossible to resist. I think this course made me a better teacher, a better writer and a happier person.
I've found the course extremely interesting and well organized to be an introductory course. I had no special need for the course and, accordingly, no special expectations besides the joy of learning the basics of a subject that I've always liked, and of acquiring some basic skills on it.Professor Marc van Oostendorp does a remarkable job on being didactic, clear, interesting and covering a nice selection of aspects of this wonderful field.The course's dynamics is very nice: lectures, dialogues, assignments, interviews, informants' contributions, readings, forum, quiz... it's never boring, really nicely structured!A point which in my opinion can be improved: the redaction of the questions in the quizzes are many times unclear, confusing and even misleading. After the fun of completing the week assignments with a lot of attention put into details, it's a pity when the quiz is not clear or frustrating.Thank you, I enjoyed it a lot!
This course is by far one of my top favourites (yes, I have a few!) among the courses I have done on Coursera. Prof. Marc van Oostendorp has a way of teaching that has you transfixed in his classes. The structure of the course is dynamic and had me glued to the computer literally binge-watching the lecture videos! I could do this course once more all over again and would probably say the same thing at the end of it! :D Some of my favourite videos were the ones that had an interview of an expert or a talk-show format. The Professor's teaching assistants have done a great job, as have the others who were featured in the short language-trailer videos. This course makes for a wonderful experience if anything, I would definitely recommend it to all language and linguistics enthusiasts. :)
This is one of the best courses I have done in my life. I always used to wonder about human languages and how they evolved, and this course answered a lot of my questions and now I am even more interested in the subject as I know the technicalities of linguistics. My special thanks to Professor Marc van Oostendorp who was just amazing and made the topics very interesting and creative. The main reason I completed the course though it has some difficult topics was because of his wonderful teaching and ability to grab my attention. My thanks to Inge and Martin for their discussions and their very thoughtful questions. I will wait for other courses from Leiden University, Thank you for making me more knowledgeable.
The course was very informative and enjoyable. The professor is clear and to the point and I liked his style and logic. The course is well rounded and the course creators have put a lot of effort into designing it and making it engaging. I loved the discussions with Martin and Inge and the opportunity they were give to conduct the interviews. The readings were enjoyable and it was nice to see prof. Noam Chomsky in one of the interviews. I liked the visit to the lab video. This course was quite lovely and the instructors and the students alike are passionate about it. I guess this goes to show that people who choose this field do so because they are so passionate about it.
It is a well-built course with a competent and engaging instructor. I appreciated particularly the varation in content that was offered: normal videos, discussions, interviews with experts of the field and the videos of the informants. The latter provided interesting insights in foreign languages that one usually doesn't get to hear and I was amazed by the big varations between them. Both the required and optional readings are useful for having additional resources and the 2-month free access to Ethnlogue provided by Leiden University is also very nice for everyone that wants to explore further the fascinating world of languages.
This was my first Coursera course and I found it immensely informative and interesting. Professor van Oostendorp seems to have a genuine enthusiasm for linguistics, which made working through the modules rather enjoyable. I also greatly appreciated the extras (i.e. discussions with his students, interviews, etc.) as they really helped to solidify my understanding of the material. My only quibble is I wish the correct answers were provided after completion of each quiz, as this would have helped with my review. But overall, I loved this course and would recommend it to anyone with an interest in linguistics!
A wonderful course on principles in Linguistics presented by this lovely professor Dr. Marc van Oostendorp and enriched with the discussions with Marten and Inge. As a Linguistics and Literature student, I felt that they found what was a very nice way to spread this knowledge and, in my case, a more concise discipline in which I could refresh my memory for somethings but also get to know new informations and different points of view and,  at last, as an observer from Brazil, to compare a little how these things are discussed here from there. Thank you very much for the hard work and the entousiasm!
I would like to say an enormous "Thank You" to everyone who contributed to this Course to be accessible: to professor Marc van Oostendorp, to Marten and Inge, to informants, to translators, redactors, designers and all whom I didn't mention but who were those thanks to whom we now know all we know and share this with others! The Course specifically opened to me that our living in four walls and thinking about ourselfs mostly hides us from all the beatiful unknown things happening in the world: from other cultures, other ways of looking at things! Indeed, folks, live in peace, let it be so!
It is very nice to see an introductory course in linguistics, especially for it being free and available online. I would not have had an opportunity like that anywhere here locally, which makes this course special to me. The instructor and his pupils were paramount to the learning experience, and with the addition of interviews and recommended readings, this course excels in tactically defining and showing what linguists do and what they study. I want to thank Leiden University and Marc van Oostendorp for providing such a professionally delivered MOOC.
Excellent introduction to the subject of linguistics. Thoroughly enjoyed my time with this course, and it has piqued my interest in taking this further.I loved the way Prof Dr van Oostendorp presents this course, with genuine interest, understanding, humour and nuance. I really liked the teaching style and would love to have more contact with him. And I also liked the way Marten and Inge were part of the course, and how they interacted with the professor and with me.The course is structured well and is easy to finish even while one has a day job.
Miracles of Human Language is a wonderful introduction to the field of linguistics. Prof.dr. M. van Oostendorp is an adept and engaging lecturer and his knowledge of his field is vast. His discussions with Marten and Inge were engaging and his interactions with the language informants was, well... informing! I only wish I could contribute a language to his MOOC as well as participate in his research and work at Universiteit Leiden. Thank you, Dr. van Oostendorp, Marten, Inge, Roberta, Khalid, Han, Varun, Enoch, and Beste. It's been quite a ride!
Teaching is not an easy job, even more so online, but this course was so well done with diverse course materials, various speakers and especially such an enthusiastic teacher. Probably one of the best course I had in my entire education. I wish there was a module specifically about language history, because that's what I'm interested in the most, but really it's a great introduction to a field that was very foreign to me. Too bad there isn't more course about linguistics on here, but at least we're given reading recommendations to follow up.
An excellent course. Easy to follow, easy to understand, and it encourages you to comment and have dialogues in the forum for every topic. The quizzes are a little bit hard, but that's expected from a well thought out and put up course made by university professors. It has been really fun to follow for six weeks, which I think is a well designed period to learn the basics of Linguistics. Also, it has a lot of videos of informants with different languages so it's very diverse. Thank you so much. I'll revisit these contents later.
The professor taught the material in a very clear and understandable way. Having live examples using various language informants was also very informative (the only qualm I would have is that the Mandarin Chinese videos should be transliterated in a more readable format, most of it was incomprehensible due to my unfamiliarity with any aspect of the language). The reading material and books were also really interesting. Overall, I learnt a great deal in this course and I think I have a better idea of the field of linguistics.
I wholeheartedly like to thank Dr. Marc van Oostendorp  and his team for presenting this MOOC course is the best possible manner. I really gained good knowledge and developed lots and lots of interest toward language and linguistics. This course has almost covered major aspects of human language and linguistics. In my opinion this course gives a very good platform for those who would like do research in  Language and Linguistics. Interviews with some of the eminent persons in the field Language and Linguistics was excellent.
I found the course very informative, there was quite a lot of information in there for only six weeks of study but it didn't feel overwhelming either. Professor Marc van Oostendorp was very engaging in his presentation of the material, and I liked the fact that his students were there to ask questions as well. I also liked how the language informants were used - I was able to practice what I had learned in the other videos by analysing their speech patterns. Overall, I was quite impressed by this course.
This is my first Coursera course and I love it. The course is student-friendly with classes elaborately designed and informative with lots of source readings. The forum is one of the best parts of the course. I learn how to think questions like a linguist. And from informants of different background, I know there are so many interesting languages existing in our world. As the course name shows that it is an introduction to Linguistics, my interests towards the linguistics is well developed. Thank you.
This was a really wonderful online course - the best I've done yet (and I've done many). The content was fascinating, varied and challenging and the lecturer's passion for his subject and learning in general was a pleasure to share. I particularly liked the use of informants which gave real examples of languages and the discussion aspect, although personally I got very little feedback for my comments.No matter, this is an exemplary online course and a brilliant introduction into the field.Thankyou!
Excellent course ! Professor van Oostendorp is a good pedagogue and the discussions of Marten and Inje put well in perspective the knowledge acquired ! As a future practitioner (English teaching and coaching), this MOOC was an exceptional source of information for me and will definitely help me in explaining better the way languages work and are shaped.In addition, I would be happy if there were other courses by the University of Leiden to learn more about specific aspects/subjects of linguistics
Overall,
this course was a great experience. As a student of English as a second
language, trust me when I say that it helped me a lot with the subject
"linguistics" at college. Nonetheless, I must say that this course
was tough! I dont know, maybe, because English is not my mother tongue but at
times I certainly felt that I couldnt keep up with some of the assignments. Nevertheless,
if you give your best, you will make it. Also, if you are looking for a
challenge. well, this is your course.
I enjoyed this challenging course on linguistics. I appreciated that the course materials were available as one file so I could both read the text and watch the videos. The videos contained  a quiz inside that kept me engaged. The interviews and Q&A sessions were a valuable way to present new information. I obtained two books from the suggested reading material to further my learning. In the end, I bought the certificate as a way to say thanks to the team for such a great course. Bravo!
A very enjoyable, engaging course which touches on the fundamentals of Linguistics.  I found the professor, as well as the assistants delightful, and the language informants were also very exciting to have.  It was challenging at a few points despite my background and interest in Linguistics, however, it was well worth the effort.I sincerely hope I can take more courses from Leiden, or perhaps study there one day.  This course reaffirmed my interest in Leiden from 10 years ago.
This is course for those who love language  and also for those who want to explore the miracle of language .  Pro. Ostendrop and his team breaks down the syllabus into a bit size and in very friendly manner . Its like we're sitting in a live class room. In the middle of the module there are interviews from experts such as Noam Chomsky, we all know he's a mammoth figure in linguistic realm. Thanks Coursera and thanks all the teams who are involved in creating this course.
I learned a lot of things, but most importantly I have a conceptual understanding of the different components that create the structure of language. The student will listen to a lot of different languages, will be introduced to various branches of linguistics and will create a solid base on which they can further study the interesting topic of human language. The educator was great and the students (Martin and Inge) are relatable, polite and smiling. Great course.
Great course! Enjoyed it no end! Clearly so much love was put into the making of this program! It is both interesting and full of new information. Shows different sides of profession, so that people like me, new to the theme, could see what linguists actually do. Especially loved readings, as the articles given weren't overly tough, but presented a ton of information on different themes. Can't even start describing how sad I am that the course it at an end!
This was an exciting course that uses real people to demonstrate linguistic concepts. It was a great idea to have speakers of less internationally familiar languages such as Gungbe and Berber to demonstrate how it is possible to understand the basics of a language's structure (despite having no prior knowledge of that particular language).The video discussions and interviews were a nice way to break up lectures and provide real-life context to the course.
Thank you so much!!!! I loved it >w< I had been waiting for this because I enjoy learning about linguistics but I don't knew where to start, definitely this course was a miracle.All the resources had a high quality and were a great advantage to understand the subject, it was very funny to analyze different languages (especially in the last section), I learned a lot of things about culture, as well.Hoping all is well, congratulations for this course. <3
The course is well structured, the tutorials through videos are excellent, sometimes it is necessary to search for more information, as it is the case of the lab video (the cochran implants). It is a pity that additional readings are not available through kindle or ibooks as their cost is better than the traditional books. I am going to pay for the certificate, I do not need it, but really the work put into the course rates more than 10.
A wonderful course. I especially loved the second and the third weeks, fourth too, but less so. I wish this course had more of such deeply linguistic chapters. The fifth and the sixth weeks were fun too, but they lacked the deep linguistic spirit to them, maybe because psycholinguistics, neurolinguistics and sociolinguistics are sort of fusional disciplines that border with other scientific fields. Nevertheless, the course is great!
The course syllabus is very balanced and strategically organized in an informative and useful way, both for those who would like to either acquire or refresh their linguistics background. The quizzes and final exam are challenging and fulfilling as they go beyond the theoretical analysis of testing learning. I will definitely recommend this course to interested friends. Congratulations to Leiden University and Prof. Oostendorp!
A course with many interesting aspects: numerous discussions on various topics with the other students; many interviews, also with intellectuals of the caliber of Noam Chomsky; Prof van Oostendorp and his students Inge and Marten are always stimulating and friendly; lots of suggested optional readings. After this course I feel like I'm knowing more on this subject and I'm having the desire to deepen even more my knowledge.
Great course with lots of interesting content for anyone interested in linguistics. My only complaint is that some of the questions (especially the ones in the videos) are a bit poorly worded and can be confusing. Overall though, well worth the time spent, and a big thanks to Dr. Oostendorp, Marten, Inge, the language informants and everyone at Universiteit Leiden & Meertens instituut that made this possible.
This was my first course on Coursera and I really enjoyed it very much. I had studies linguistics in the past and wanted to revisit the subject. In my opinion this course is a great introduction to the many varied fields linguistics has to offer. The numerous discussion prompts and quizzes made me think a bit, which I enjoyed. I would definitely recommend the course as a refresher or introductory overview.
I took this course out of curiosity and the lecturers presented were very interesting to hear and I would like to thank the lecturers for presenting such great work, Also the informants for taking their time to present us with the unique languages that they may speak.I would highly recommend this course to anyone interested in how language works and how we're able to speak out and construct words out.
This course is really useful and it helped me increase my information about linguistics! i would really thank the professor Marc Van Oostendrop for his kindness and for his simple style to facilitate the materials of this course. I wish I get other free courses as this great one!Best regards to all who participated in this course!See you in new other courses from Coursera!Ameer Alziyara
This was my first online course. Along with it I took other two - so I have some comparison basis. I must say that this course has set such a high standard for online courses, that I doubt that it will be very fast that any other will exceed it. My sincere garatitude to Professor and his students, as well as to the language informants and technical staff for the great work. Thank you
Loved it. The course helped me understand what the science of languages is about a bit deeper. Which helped me a lot to gain more knowledge at my University. Thank you for the most interesting representation of such a difficult material. (I loved the moment when at a seminar one of your students, who was to ask you a question, fell out of reality a bit. It made me laugh and smile!)
It is an interesting and educative course. Every week we are delving into the different elements of language, such as sounds, words and so on. I really like the way the course organised, including interviews, videoes of different languages, etc. I am so excited to see Chomsky in the interview, which is quite instructive . Overall, it is good course and it is worthy of studying.
This course is the best course if you are even remotely interested in Linguistics. It starts with very basic concepts and actually reaches quite deep. The resources, interviews, explanations have been well thought out and designed with the beginner in mind. In fact, it is probably the best course I have done on Coursera across any subject. Thanks Prof. Marc, Martin & Inge !
This course provides a great overview of the different Linguistic's sub-disciplines. I started this class with zero knowledge about Linguistic and I found the classes very engaging. They motivated me to get more information about the topics under discussion. Professor Marc van Oostendorp is an excellent presenter and was able to make the videos interesting.   Great Job!!
Very likable staff from whom I learned very interesting and valuable things in very manageable doses. It says that my responses to the writing prompts are submitted, but I cannot find my own responses. Some questions asking us to refer to informants' videos seemed rather ambitious, as I am not so good at listening personally (unless of course I understand the language).
It is a really interesting and revealing course not only for those interested in linguistics, but also for everyone interested in anthropology, sociology and human development. Quizzes are well done, you just have to pay attention, study and think over; although in the final exam I do agree that the right answers are wrongly programmed in the network server.
Good course. Knew tuns of great things about languages and the course really opened my mind, taught me new ways to see the world. I also learnt many ways of learning through that course. To notice the reasons behind issues. To reach the truth through different methods. Etc. Thank you very much for having this course! The professor and guests were so nice!
Following this course has been a very pleasant experience and very inspiring. As someone who didn't know much about linguistics, I now have a general idea about the field. The instructor, Marten and Inge, and the interviewees were all very helpful and made things accessible for a linguistics initiate. I consider this course as a door opened. Thank you!
I actually clicked on the course by mistake. I had no interest in what the curse was about. But as i pushed myself to get through the course I found it to be quite interesting. I've wondered what linguists do. I always thought they didnt have much to do. But I've realised that thats not the case at all. The course was quite eye-opening and informative.
This was amazing! Every week there was something interesting and fun to learn and I couldn't stop wondering about that. Thanks to professor Marc van Oostendorp, Martin, Inga and other informants and contributors who made this course so highly informative and well-structured. You gave me a good foundation to continue learning. Please make more courses!
Dr. Oostendorp goes through many fields and disciplines in linguistics and even introduced me to many new fields, like sociolinguistics. The interviews in every module also opened my eyes to what is currently happening in this field. This course also introduced to me to fascinating new languages that I want to look into more like Berber and Basque.
I thoroughly enjoyed taking this course. It is very well structured delivered in an easy to understand format and at the perfect pace. It opened up a whole new world of the 'Science of Languages' to me. Look forward to diving deeper into this subject. Heartfelt thanks to Professor Dr Oostendorp, Martin and Inge, the experts, and the informants!
I really enjoyed this course! Although I didn't know anything about linguistics before the course, I was able to keep up with the tasks and videos. Everything was explained very well and with examples which helped a lot. The topics of the course were very intriguing as well, especially from week 4 on. I can only recommend taking the course.
The course is itself a miracle. The topic has been presented in a very interesting way  thanks to the Professor, his motivating way of teaching and his discussions with students. It was a challenge for me, it demanded a lot of own studying but I feel I have learned a lot about the topic and also got a motivation to learn more. Thank you.
A wonderful course for those of us who love language and question ourselves about its acquisition, the disciplines that study it and the many factors that can modify it. Professor Marc van Oostendorp explains everything in a clear and simple way and makes one get involved in the course and wants to deepen the study of Linguistics.
This course is challenging, which is good. I was familiar with some of the material as my  educational background is in psychology, but I learned a lot here and want to consolidate what I've learned. I didn't have time to do the peer graded assignments, but I might even retake the course to do so. The video lectures are great.
A really excellent intro to linguistics! I found the lectures straightforward and engaging. The assigned readings were really high quality, and they included a nice variety of styles and formats. The quizzes were difficult (maybe sometimes unnecessarily so) but I think this makes enrollees really pay attention to the content.
Great variety of topics, perfect if you have no background in linguistics. Very impressed with the explanations of theory which were balanced with plenty of relevant examples. Some assignments seemed daunting at first, but the reading material provided was usually enough to pass the quizzes. Thanks for this course!
In everyday life we don't even  think  about our privilege in communicating with each other as human beings and what a complex mechanism it is. From finite quantity of words we can build infinite number of meaningful  sentences. Isn't that a miracle? The course was very interesting and useful. I am very thankful.
Quite complete, you can study many fields of linguistics and go deep into them by the readings and the special guests the course include within your weeks. It really helped me to decide what to study now and become a specialist in the field. I would recommend it completely. I'd love to see the second part of it.
Great course, very interesting. The level is quite high compared to other courses. The quizzes really do test you knowledge very thoroughly. The teacher's enthusiasm is contagious, and the video's with the two students are a nice change of pace from watching just one person talk. All in all an excellent course.
I just simply loved this course. The best MOOC I have ever taken. Very well and easily explained with extremely engaging topics.The only thing I would change would be to lower the  percentage pass of the exams. Some of them are very difficult, especially the questions about the informants.Thank you so much!
This was my first course on Coursera! Really enjoyable and challenging as well. It reactivated my thirst for knowledge and made me feel like taking more courses. Many thanks to the professors and the students who participated in the videos and helped putting together such a wonderful series of lessons.
The Course has been extremely helpful for my introduction to linguistics. As an ameture, I was reluctant if i'll be able to understand the course, but Prof and his students Marten and Inge made everything so easy and fun to learn. I have gained a lot of knowledge and it has been an amazing experience!
Highly recommended! This was my first Coursera course and I will never forget it. I took it before taking Linguistics at UMass. It helped me immensely and really got me interested in the subject. Now I am taking a TESOL certification course. To say this course opened doors for me is an understatement.
The lectures are extremely easy to follow even for somebody who has never heard of linguistics before. The required readings and suggested bibliography were extremely interesting and will give me something to work on even now that I have completed the course. Thanks for creating this great course!
Really interesting material! Sometimes i found the quiz questions about the language informants really difficult to answer, likely because I didn't speak any of those languages. But the professor and his assistants were really great-- knowledgeable and easy to listen to. I really enjoyed this!
I though that the lay out of the course was engaging and interesting. Though, it wasn't easy at the same time and really challenged me to think in a completely different manner to the way that I usually do. Thank you very much for the assistance I needed to find something I want to pursue.
SPLENDID JOB! Great course, gives the sound knowledge about Introduction to Linguistics and about many different languages in the world! Really enjoyed every bit of it and gained so much knowledge out of it! The way of teaching is very easygoing and fun, Kudos to the Prof and team!
Good organization; Detailed analysis; Well-designed assignments and reasonable methodology for teaching, which is easy to follow, made This course an excellent one for beginners in linguistics. Thanks to Professor and All the volunteers' help offered  in This course. Great Thanks!
This Course is a real Miracle. The way is conducted, the material that is assigned could not be better. The inclusion of Native Speakers of different languages, as well as the participation of the Students : Inge and Marten made me feel  as one more of them. Thank You very Much
I really appreciated this course! All the lectures are well presented, and it always makes the students think and argue. And also it provides a great insight about linguistic for the ones who come from other scientific areas, such as Computer Science. I certainly recommend it.
This is a high quality course, giving you an overall of linguistics. The material is very good and the professor and the assistants are engaging. There is contribution from speakers of diverse languages and dialects and we can put to use the knowledge acquired in the course.
The idea of having language informants is brilliant! Was cool to analyze languages, although for example phonology research where we had go figure our about the "gaps" in the table, I did not understand at all how to do it. The rest was clear and understandable. Great job!
Very interesting introduction to the subject! Good variation of formats with lectures, discussions, interviews, lab visit. All who participated in the making of this course show their enthusiasm for their work which is very motivating. The course fulfilled my expectations.
This a real professional course, including at the academic level. It demands a lot of readings but the Instructor's explanations are really clear and easy to understand. There's a lot of linguistic analysis and hands on real practice that you cannot find in other courses.
I am almost towards the end of this course and honestly, it has been one of the best experience so far. Worth a 6 star!The professor - sir, you are incredible! Thank you for this wonderful introduction to Linguistics. I highly recommend this course. It is worth your time.
I really enjoyed the course considering that it is a free course. Generally, I was pleased with the content and interviews, also additional reading materials are really interesting. Thank you for your hard work. Looking forward to a more advanced course on linguistics.
Excellent introduction into linguistics. Touches upon the basics of the most common approaches to linguistics, clear videos, good informants where you're challenged to apply your skill. It was my first course so I can't compare but I suspect the bar has been set high.
Excellent and most enjoyable course!The videos of the professor and his students are clear and fluent and even the quiz are not too hard.And the best part are the informants in various languages one does not encounter every day.The course is mostly recommended to all.
Professor Marc van Oostendorp is a wonderful teacher. You can see he loves his subject and finds joy in it, and he enjoys transmitting his knowledge to others. It was a good rhythm to have the in and out flow of Martin and Inge as well. I really enjoyed this course.
Despite some technical difficulties with the forum and the quiz, the actual course was so AMAZINGLY interesting that it has motivated me to take up linguistics in the future. I didn't lose interest even once for the entirety of the six weeks I spent on this course!
Very good course; would recommend to anyone who is interested in learning a little about linguistics. It is the perfect level for an introductory course, not too difficult, but very informative and covered many topics and featured many interesting guest speakers.
Extremely pleasant experience gotten in the course, I think it's worth trying for anyone who has the slightest related or direct interest in Linguistics. This reveals some facts of common concerns in my opinion. Reasonable setting of sections as a guiding course.
The course is really interesting, I highly appreciated the lectures, reference materials and the instructor. I would only point out the some of the exercises are way to difficult (only the ones related to the IPA and comparison of sounds in different languages).
Very enjoyable, but also filled with a lot of in depth information! I learned a lot and found the instructors' presentation style to be very conducive to learning the concepts well and to keep my interest throughout the 6 weeks. I would take a follow up class.
very good learning material and presentation. It really helped me to get the introduction of linguistics. I would like to take more advanced courses on this subject from the same university. Please consider putting intermediate and advanced level courses too.
This is my first course on Coursera. I always wanted to learn about different languages. This course is designed so well and the videos and study material provided are excellent. I thank the whole team for this excellent course. I really enjoyed this course.
A great introduction to various aspects of the vast field of linguistics. The professor is very enthusiastic and the professional interviews are quite interesting and informative. Additionally, you get to study diverse languages spoken by native informants!
I recommend this MOOC to all fans of linguistics, learning languages, and people who are interested in deeper understanding of what is indeed "a Language"! Special thanks to prof. dr. Oostendorp for his clear and kind way of transferring his vast knowledge.
An excellent well-rounded introduction to the field of linguistics. The students gets to learn about language in many facets, with a perfect mix of informational lectures, video discussions, and self-guided learning. Wonderful professor and great material!
Fantastic insight into the world of linguistics! Very high quality course. Professor van Oostendorp creates an atmosphere that makes learning fun. If you have an interest in evolution of languages and in etymology, this is the course you should take!
I really liked the enthusiasm of the professor and Inge and Martin. The complementary interviews were also very interesting. As a post-journalism (and post-premaster) student, it was definitely beneficial for my sociolinguistic master program.
This has been one of my favorite MOOCs. It is a bit harder than the average MOOC, but it's really worth the effort. Brilliant insights, thought-provoking concepts and a very friendly dynamic makes this course worth every minute spent on it.
It extended my horizon and I gained so much insight into languages. I highly recommend you taking up this course. They also interview other linguists who are experts in their field every week. The professors' enthusiasm motivates you a lot.
Great course! The professor is enthusiastic and very clear in his presentation, and they present the material in digestible, clear language. The course also did a good job prioritizing what to include in a short amount of videos. Thank you!
Very informative course and a perfect introduction to linguitics. A bit difficult at times (sociolinguistics is not my forte, I suppose), but again - why study something too easy? :) I'd love to see more content, perhaps another course?
Wonderfully made, gives you a strong basis on the subject, accessible to those with little to no background . The videos are interesting and clear, and examples are given from a variety of languages, and the course is very enjoyable.
Great use of interviews of professors around the world with different backgrounds and studies, it shows how linguistics is applied. Clear examples used by informants, although I wish there were subtitles available for those videos.
A lot of materials are accessible in the course. It is obvious that professors have done a lot of preparation, so that the learning experience is really amazing. The course arises my interest for Linguistics. Highly recommended.
The best part of this course was the introduction of many useful resources: World Atlas of Language Structures, Ethnologue, Babel Magazine, etc. The lecturer and his assisting students are entertaining and easy to understand.
A really excellent introduction to many aspects of linguistics (from the sound to the social level):Kudos to the wonderful Marc van Oostendorp and his team! But, beware dear reader: Some of the quizzes are really "tricky" :-)
This is my very first course in coursera and on linguistics and it won't be my last. This was very informative, with relevant examples and well developed videos. Highly recommended for anyone with an interest in linguistics.
The perfect course to get into the fascinating world of languages. The content is precise and helpful, and the instructor very knowledgeable and charismatic. A must try for anyone interested in the field of Linguistics.
With interests in exploring knowledge about languages, this course is indeed fantastic introduction which not only tells about a systematic way to analyze languages, but also trigger my passion to know more and deeper!
Very enjoyable course, at a good level for beginners but with enough content to hook your interest. Only thing to note is that some weeks are quite a lot more work than others which can make it difficult to schedule.
Extremely informative course and well organized. I had a lot of fun learning and doing the assignments, especially the honors ones. I would definitely recommend it to anybody interested in languages and linguistics.
Brilliant, fascinating course! The topics were really interesting and explained in a way that made them easy to understand without feeling condescending or over-simplified. I was sad when the course came to an end!
Before I start, I didn't expect the course to be as well structured and helpful as it turns out. It enables the learner to have a clear big picture of language studies landscape. Chapeau and thanks to its creators!
I am so exited about this course. I found very interesting and successfull. Simply I can not be able to stop watching videos and go over reading materials. I hope they keep open more courses related to this course.
This is an extremely interesting and informative course. For me it was really fascinating six weeks of educational process. I am very appreciated to the professor Marc van Oostendorp and his students for this MOOC.
This course was wonderful. I gained a lot of knowledge about languages and different fields of linguistics. I really recommend this course for anyone interested in languages with no background or basic background.
Super well designed course with intriguing classes and reading materials. I highly recommend this course for everyone into linguistics. Thank you so much for this course!! Waiting for Miracles of Human Language 2!
I'm so happy I decided to enroll in this course. This was my very first introduction to Linguistics and it left me wanting to know more. Thank you to everyone who worked hard to make this course available for us.
The instructor is so kind...And the course is a little bit hard to finish, because they have a lot of reading text and prepare video(like statistics analysis), but I still love it, and I will finish it on time.
This has been a fantastic learning journey with professor Marc, Martin, Inge and fellow mates from forum. Extremely thankful to this course. Thank you and keep coming with similar courses for students like us.
It was a very interesting course. Very motivating. I learned a lot about linguistic theories. The quizzes were difficult but challenging. The assignments were also very nice and doable. Clear videos. Etc. etc.
Loved this course. The teaching was very well done and kept me interested. After this course I applied to University to begin my studies in LInguistics. Thank you all for this wonderful course. Would recommend
Very interestding course. Covers just enough to make it achievable, but also opens the door to a lot in terms of linguistic study. Definitely recommended to anybody who is interested in language and culture.
Good course for beginners. It's very basic if you already have some background in language studies. I would recommend this course to people who are considering studying Language or Linguistics at university.
This course is really great and very enriching, specially when you want to have a general view about Linguistics, and at the same time, you get the tools to make a simple but precise analysis of languages.
Simply GREAT! I can't even express how thankful I am for the amazing information presented in such an understandable way, yet it was challenging. My highest respect to the team in charge of this course!!!
I'm only on the first lesson and feel I have learned so much! Thank you for making the course materials free for those of us not going for the certificate but are just learning because it's interesting.
I found this course extremely challenging. Which I love.  I now have a whole know respect for the learners of languages, and the people who study linguistics.  I am glad I took part in this program.
Very interesting course, well-made videos, interesting interviews and reading materials. Would definitely recommend this course to people who want to know more about different aspects of language.
This is one of the best MOOCs I've participated in. The lectures are engaging and the student community is vibrant! If you plan to improve your knowledge about the beauty of Languages - Go for it!
A great introductory course with solid theoretical knowledge and practical exercises to implement the acquired information. I would recommend this course to any language enthusiast! Dank je wel!
I highly recommend this course to anyone interested in Linguistics and languages, especially beginners. I enjoyed it and learned very much and I feel ready to continue my studies in this field.
This course was fascinating, and the professor and his students were very personable. You can tell that they love the subject they're teaching, and that makes the material even more palatable.
Dr. Van Oostendorp and Leiden University have created a course of outstanding quality. It far exceeded my expectations and has provided an excellent introduction to the subject of Linguistics.
I found this course to be not only educational but extremely interesting. It provides a great overview of the field of linguistics and does so in an engaging manner. I highly recommend it!
Really great course. The professor really shows his enthusiasm in teaching linguistics. The only thing that I can say is that I'd like a course as a way of continuing to learn linguistics
I loved this course. The professor does a fabulous job explaining the material and bringing in others to show the material's relevance. It was very interesting and I want to learn more!
It was very interesting and you get to understand a lot about Linguistics, considering the amount of time it requires. It also makes the most of the platform, so it's really well made.
My time with this course was awesome...I learned things more than my expectations .... thanks coursera especially  thanks   to "   Professor Marc Van Oostendorp",doing a great job ...
Wonderfully explained and made with passion, this course introduces us to some basic knowledge of linguistics in the best way possible: by making it fun and completely understandable.
I would highly recommend this course! The instructor presents the material in a clear and effective manner, the subject is interesting, and the work fits well and is not overwhelming.
love this course - it's really great! Working with native speakers of different languages was difficult but fascinating. Interview with Noam Chomsky totally defeat me. I'm impressed.
Loved this course! The professor was informative and engaging, and Inge and Martin made the class interesting and fun. I also enjoyed the interviews with other experts in the field.
Very engaging and interesting course that helped me achieve a basic understanding of linguistics. Definitely recommend to those who have an interest in languages and how they work.
Thank you for letting me learning this wonderful course! Such a great pleasure for me to have this opportunity learning with everyone! Best wishes for you and never stop learning!
It is a great, complet and very well conducted course. It allowed me to re-think the  way i used to understand the language. Great academic team, very fluent ad very fun to learn
Great course! I have learned a lot about linguistics in a very interactive and dynamic way. I totally recommend it to everyone that is a little bit interested in this discipline.
Very enjoyable, very informative! I'm very happy I was able to take this class, I feel like it very thoroughly outlined the basics of many different types/fields of linguistics.
This course was challenging but very interesting with a good mix of learning modalities.  The three presenters plus the subject expert interviewees added interest to the course.
A great introductory course!Of special value for me were the language informants. Through them understanding the diversity of languages was a lot more interesting and practical.
This is a great linguistics course! It is introductory but through the suggested readings and discussions one can really deepen into the language analysis. Totally recommended!
I really liked it ! It was a challenge for me personally ! Getting the questions wrong on quizes really discouraged me but then I would keep going and not give up ! Awesome !!!
This is a challenging course, but if you are truly interested in linguistics this is an excellent choice. Certainly the best one available in a MOOC. Thank you for the effort.
Fantastic! The course was really fun and interesting. I found Professor van Oostendorp's presentation to be informative, enthusiastic, animated and amiable. I've had a blast!
It was my first experience with an online course and it was excellent! The materias were very interesting and difficult but not impossible. I'm very grateful for everything!
A very beautiful seminar. It should be a little bit more longer and have some reference to a leading book in order to deepen some of the topic. Is there a follow up course?
I very much enjoyed this course. All of the videos were informative as well as engaging. The material was compelling and I think I may like to learn more in the future!
The course was as exciting as challenging. The lectures are short but full of information. The interviews were really interesting. I loved it. I totally recommend it.
Brilliant course! Content was engaging and varied, lectures were interesting, assigments were just the right level of difficulty Many thanks to everyone involved! :)
A lot of nice talk is said about this training
Organizing ideas and their sequences, linguistic diversity and creative ideas, advocating for growth and development
Thanks Prof. Marc van Oostendorp, whose introduction of human language is really intriguing and insightful. Looking forward the more advanced courses from him.
Absolutely loved this course. It give me a great insight into linguistics and showed me that this would be something I might be interested in taking further.
Very good course for those who have not studied linguistics before. The professor gives a good overview of it and excites you with his passion to the topic.
This was a great experience!! The content is amazing: all the videos and readings are super easy to understand and learnd from. I trully enjoy this course.
Great review course. This will help to understand what linguistics is doing as a science. It will also help to understand the main subjects of linguistics.
This is a wonderful course for entry level linguistics knowledge. Whatever your background is, it will fit you and give you great insight into linguistics.
The course presents very interesting subject matter, and the professor and his assistants do this in a very enthusiastic, energetic and interesting manner.
Taking this course made me realize how amazing the study of Linguistics is. I really enjoyed watching the classes and interacting with my peers and tutors.
I really enjoyed this MOOC as it was interactive and really improved my knowledge of linguistics. It was difficult at times, but well worth it at the end!
Very motivating lecturer and really satisfying contents!
I am so satisfied with the courese metarial including the module itself and the reading matarials
This is a wonderfully structured, informative, and entertaining course, excellent both for beginners and for people who have already dabbled in language.
A great and complete introduction to the exciting world of linguistics, with emphasis on language diversity and endangered languages. Highly recommended.
I loved the contents and the way such complex topics were explained. I am linguist and this mooc gave me a wider view on how to write my phd proposal.
I loved the materials! The lectures were clear and mind opening. Everything was with a smile! What a great attitude! Thank you. Highly recommended :)
This course is so fun and informative, and I was actually sad when it ended. Oostendorp is a fantastic professor and I highly recommend his course.
The course is very interesting and well presented. Professor is very helpful and not boring at all. I look forward to any next course by Leiden Uni
This course was very interesting and talked about many topics related to Linguistics. It's perfect for people that don't know anything about it !
I totally recommend this course. It was academically rigorous and fun at the same time. Thank you for the opportunity of being part of this mooc.
Really well structure and organized course! The lectures were engaging and included really interesting interviews, discussions and activities!
Very informative and covers a lot of good topics. I would certainly recommend this course to other people that are interested in linguistics.
I very much liked the professor, he has a contagious energy and is entertaining to hear and watch. Overall an excellent course, learned a lot
The videos are clear and informative. The recommended reading materials are interesting and relevant. The informants' video are interesting.
without any doubt the best course among those I have studied or tried out on and beyond coursera. a huge thanks to the whole team behind it!
I learned so much about Linguistics that I had previously not learned. I loved the structure of the course and the flexibility it offered.
The course was excellent. I could review some of the main concepts of Linguistic through very well designed lessons and fruitful material.
Immensely enlightening. I'd recommend this course to anyone who loves languages and wants to explore the fascinating world of linguistics
This course was excellent! because this made me an overview of linguistic science, their internal fields, and their main topics of study.
This is a very well-organized and engaging course:) I do have a solid background in linguistics and I still found it really interesting.
so instructive, so attractive.I'm very interested in Language and Society, I expect to acquire more knowledge on human language. Thanks!
A great course for those who are interested in the subject and want to take a general first look into linguistics. I really enjoyed it.
The Discussions and resources were very informative and the quizzes at all levels were challenging but at the end rewarding thank you
Covers a wide range of topics and goes quite in-depth given time constraints.  The professor is clearly passionate about the subject.
Very educational and challenging course. I was pleased to see the explanation and use of Sign language brought up during the course.
It was fantastic, challenging and brought me refreshing theoretical inputs to add to my knowledge on the area. Thank you very much.
Fantastic. I didnt know anything about linguistics and now I know basic concepts and have many extra books to read and learn more.
Excellent MOOC! Prof. van Oostendorp has done a wonderful job, asking students and colleagues to intervene. Extremely interesting!
Prof. van Oostendorp is an excellent and motivational teacher. I feel like a got a real introduction to the field of linguistics!
It is a very interesting course. The method is so easy and deep ate same time and it makes us think about our human condiction.
If someone out there is wondering what a language is and how a language works, this course is what you have been looking for.
Perfectly prepared course with a capable linguist and his skilled students. We can acquire a nice overview about linguistics.
This course made me to think more deeply about languages and human. Not only it gave me knowledge in linguistics, but also m
it is a fabulous course. I spent interesting time with it. it is more than linguistics. it make you thinking as a linguist.
Very interesting course, that is challenging but not impossible. The perfect way for young budding linguists to start.
Entertaining and interesting. Good introduction to the subject with plenty of links and references for further study.
I studied the subject because of my interest in the topic and found the course very informative. Very good course!
Structure of the course was wonderful, and the professor and aides were great. Really enjoyed the course, thanks!
Very interesting and easy to follow, though the quizzes are very hard, and the fact that it was free was amazing!
It is a very good Introduction for those of Us that know nothing of Linguistics. I was very happy to take it.
great enthusiasm and thought provoking, I look forward to more linguistics courses from Universiteit Leiden!
that was amazing! i really enjoyed this course and i love linguistics more than before. thank you. good job
It was a pure pleasure to study linguistics in Leiden University. I recommend the course to all and sundry.
Fantastic course! very good explanations, mind-opening. discovering new fields, ideas, and methodologies.
An interesting course with a good learning environment. I miss already the teacher, and Martin and Inge!
This is a wonderful and fun course. A must for anyone interested to know about the study of linguistics.
Week 3 test was quite complicated, so I spent a lot of time, but it was worthy. Thanks for nice videos.
Energetic, engaging and thorough presentation of the topic and sub-topics by Professor van Oostendorp.
The course was so interesting and beneficial.I can recommend this course to every linguistic beginner!
It was my 1st course in couesera and it was very helpful course. It taught me a lot about languages.
Love this fabulous course! Although sometimes the discussion questions are a bit hard to comprehend.
An excellent course for anyone who loves languages and wants to learn more about how do they work.
Full of interesting information. I learned a lot in this course and was challenged by the quizzes.
Brilliant Course! I wish it had an advanced level or Masters level, I would really want to join!
This course was totally fascinating. I want to do more! Thanks so much for making it available.
It is a useful course for linguistic students or for whom are interested in learning languages.
this course was awesome, very illustrative and constructing, congratulations to the instructors
Informative course, I really enjoyed learning about linguistics since it's a new topic to me.
Great course, I learned a lot and now I'm very interested in learning more about linguistics.
Exceeded all my expectations! This is a wonderful MOOC for anyone interested in Linguistics.
it's really helpful even for those who already have some basic knowledge of Linguistics! :D
I shall say it's a perfect introduction course for one who's interested in linguistic : )))
This was a fantastic intro to linguistics. The interviews particularly were exceptional.
This is an excellent course! Too bad it doesn't provide the Statement of Accomplishment.
Very complete course. It challenges you by  making you do some basic research yourself.
Professor is enthusiastic about the subject! I very much enjoy learning in this course.
This is the most interesting MOOC I've ever taken!I highly recommend everyone to try it
Excellent course. It gives a general introduction to different branches of linguistics.
I have enjoyed a lot this course! Love the material, readings and language informants!
This is an excellent course for someone interested in an introduction to linguistics!
I absolutely loved this course. I learned so much from the lecturer and the students.
Very great job!! I love this course!! It enlighten my future study about linguistic!
Very special course ! with a good dinamic(class), makes us open our minds! congrats!
The syllabus for courses are clear so it's really easy to understand and remember.
Good material, excellent presentations, knowledgeable presenters. Fascinating!
Wonderfully instructive, engaging, challenging and interesting. Great course!
Very good content, concise, and informative. I really enjoyed it, thank you!
One of the best linguistics course available. Highly recommend this course!
It was knowledgeable and fun! I updated my knowledge bank about language.
Thank you! Feels like going back in time - back to my student's years.
Amazing course! Thank you for your passion and love for your field!
Such a great professor with a wonderful team. Thank You So Much ^_^
Very interesting course. An excellent introduction to linguistics.
Excellent course. Was very thorough, entertaining and interesting.
Very good for beginners though quizes are a little bit difficult.
Interesting and engaging. Like the professor a lot, so engaging.
Well organised, insightful and digestible introductory course.
Amazing course! By far the best online course I've ever taken.
Amazing course, Congratulations Dr, Inge , Marten and others!
Just perfect, even for post-graduate students in Linguistics!
Excellent introduction on the several fields of linguistics.
Very informative and very fun, you can learn a lot from it.
If you're a linguistic passionated, this course is for you!
Amazing teachers and very interesting course, many thanks!
It is fun and very interesting, i learned a lot of things
This course is interesting and well-organized. Thank you!
I love how clear everything is presented. Just beautiful.
It was a great course. Many thanks for this opportunity.
A fascinating, well-structured and professional course!
Very interesting, well structured and orginized course.
Much more substantive and challenging than I expected.
This course indeed has helped to repackage my profile.
Great instructor. Variety of subtopics of linguistics.
a really  interesting course i recommend it to anyone
One of the best courses I've ever taken. Thank you!
As beautiful as demanding, but definitely worth it!
I like it so much, it was exactly what I expected!
it would be better if it had better exam questions
Indeed a great choice to improving our knowledge !
Very nice course. Well structured and developed.
This is a very good introduction to linguistics.
Excellent intro to the field!! Thank you so much
This is my first course and it was exceptional.
Loved it! Ill miss the prof and his students.
Very good and complete. I wish there was more!
Fascinating topic with well-curated materials.
Perfect course to get overview of linguistics.
excellent course which i learn a lot from it
I love linguistics and I love this course!!
Outstanding course... absolutely fantastic!
Excellent course. Greetings from Egypt. :)
It's gripping and useful. I recommend it.
A very good introduction to linguisticis.
Its pretty good for linguistics students
Amazing and sometimes challenging class.
nice course! Interesting and informative
Very informative and lively. Thank you!
This is an absolutely awesome course.
It is a wonderful course. I loved it.
Very informative and organized well.
Very Interesting Course. I loved it.
Nice refresher and expanding course.
A really fun survey of linguistics!
GREAT COURSE, I AM LEARNING A LOT.
just love the way this course is.
very interesting and enlightening
Very informative and insightful.
Very complecated but exciting!
Very interactive and "alive"!
I have learned a lot from it.
inspiring lecturer and staff!
Very interested. A great 101
It was a very cool course!
Insightful and enjoyable.
IT is an amazing  course
It is indeed a miracle!
I enjoyed the classes
Thanks! Learn a lot~
An amazing course !
It was pretty good!
So so interesting!
Simply inspiring!
Very interesting,
really worthy
