Very poor course, it needs a wide update or better an urgent upgrade
The course is outdated please update the contents and material.
The course is great to form foundations on the international taxation issues, but I believe it is slightly outdated by now and should be subsitituted by post-BEPS course.
The course is very good, however, an update is urgently needed (BEPS, ATAD I & II, DAC6 etc.).
Definitely a very intesting and intense online course. This course provide you with sound knowledge of international taxation issues and observes many different aspects of the topic. Ten hours of work per week is a minimum, this course is very demanding and I recommend it to anyone who wants to get the basics to work in this field. Only problem is that the course has not been updated for long whereas international taxation changes a lot. Thank you very much!
Great course for any professional who wants to learn more about direct taxation and tax planning. Subjects like BEPS, EU State aid etc. are covered at length! Definitely recommended! Maybe just some small points of criticism: the assignments are not very clear, the time shown you need for the course and for the reading is not accurate, prepare for more if you wish to really get something out of the course.
The Course provides a good introduction to International taxation. Additionally it also helps us in understanding the basics of the issues relating to intenational tax law. The faculty, the interviews and the reading material provided is extremely helpful. Would have appreciated if the course syllabus was up to date. Never the less the course was great!!
Before this course, I never believed one could gain much from online learning of any sort, speak more of one so technical. How wrong I was!! This course was my first online learning experience and I cannot quantify the knowledge gained from it. Kudos to the facilitators for such an in-depth, practical and engaging learning experience.
How to download the all the course content, videos, transcripts, Quiz Results, Recommended reading, interviews etc., from one place in a systematic step by step manner? I cant seem to find any direct email id or feedback window, hence asking here. Somebody please reply to my email - consultme7@gmail.com
Very valuable contents. Nevertheless I think the course should have dealt in more detail with tax avoidance practices commonly used in international schemes: e.g. offshore companies (Delaware LLCs, the Belize trust, ...) or instruments like the Irish agency agreement.
This is a great starting point to learn about international tax however, though it provides all the  basis for learning and understanding the current situation, is unfortunately NOT up to date with the latest OECD rulings.
Very good course. Give sufficient starting knowledge on problems of tax avoidance and tax shifting. I would recommend if for those, who are interested in international taxation.
The course is overall very good and gives you a good oversight on the topic. I gained a lot of knowledge. Some sources they use can be a little outdated.
The course offers a good basis of international taxation. However, as of today (February 2020), some of the content is not updated.
The course was quite intense. I enjoyed the readings, and the videos made the course content easier to understand.
The course gives a short but good overview of the discussions within the international taxation.
I loved the way the course was taught in a layman's language easily understandable by all.
my first course in couresra. the effort for designing the  course is much appreciated!
Detailed analysis. Very useful for beginners and professionals alike.
Extremely interesting topic, taught at an accessible level.
Great course, even for an experienced tax practitioner like myself, I still learnt a lot.  You can really feel the depth of experience and knowledge from the instructors as they teach.  The reading materials are also well selected and relevant.  An update of the course now that BEPS has been implemented and given the fast changing landscape of international tax could be considered.
Thank you Coursera to give me the chance to receive the degree from international taxation form the best University in its field Leden University. The program was very indense and give the basics of international taxation and TP concepts. I wish the program leaders update the program with the latest news in the field.
Challenging course offered balance of study and testing: 3 essays,  6 short tests and one final exam. The quality of interviews, study sources and presentation by professionals was second-to-none by Coursera standards.  This course is demanding. If you take the course you need to have a background in tax or be prepared to study over 10 hours per week. If you follow the guidelines and substantial source documents and presentations you should be able to pass the course. More importantly, focusing on the issues, ways and means that global enterprises have benefited from weak tax treaties and domestic laws is an eye-opener. Every politician elected to public office should take this course. Very done! Leiden's Centre for International Tax Law is clearly a world leader in tax law study and assessment.
Great course providing a deeper understanding into the issues of international tax planning and current issues surrounding corporate taxation. The course may be too difficult for beginners, as it includes A LOT of complicated reading and 3 papers to be written. I found that the peer grading system of the papers was not effective at all. Based on my experience of reading others' papers, many people didn't follow the clear guidelines of what's supposed to be written, and the grading itself was inefficient. Overall, I have learned a lot from this course and I recommend it to anyone interested in the corporate tax.
It is the best course on International Taxation and Transfer Pricing online, I have searched all the platforms but nothing better than this course is available. Though it was prepared in 2015, it is still relevant today on topics like OECD BEPS Action Plan, OCED Guidelines on Transfer Pricing and much more.
This is a great, in depth introduction to international tax law. A perfect starter course if you have a very basic understanding of tax law to begin with and are interested in building on that.
One of the most toughest course on Coursera and it was a great challenge completing it. I hope the Course is updated with new lectures and it will be a pleasure watching the videos again.
I work as an international tax accountant, but there are more new things to learn, which is very helpful for my work. I wish they offer courses for each weeks' topic.
I would
like to congratulate the organizers and the high level lecturers as well as the tax
specialists for bringing this course online. This course gives a unique opportunity to
take an insight to the core elements of the international tax law. Videos are
of optimal length enabling good concentration and parallel working as scripts are
available for easier revision. Course materials are offering a good starting point for further research.The advance track could give a basis for a
new edition of this course on the taxation of the digital economy, as most of
the economic players are/become digital. Another idea would be to send course graduates regular updates on related research and/or events.Thank you in advance.
Being a tax expert
working in an African country where most of the companies are subsidiaries of
European and American multinationals, knowing the challenges of my field on an
international scale was more than important. This course fully introduced me to
it and not only gave me an effective overview, but also a solid basis for a
possible specialization in one of the branches of international taxation, such
as transfer pricing.Maxime TUTONDA
International tax rules have changed so much during the last 5 to 7 years that an update is absolutely necessary for practitioners. Videos alternate with a lot of reading (OECD publications, extracts from university manuals), some quizz and essays. This MOOC is very well-designed and instructive!An equivalent MOOC focusing on indirect taxes (VAT, GST, sales tax, etc.) would be complementary.
I like this course very much! As a lawyer in international commercial law, international tax planning is an important part in assessing and solving cross-border legal issues. This course helps me build my knowledge in the tax domain, especially the tax planning mindset of MNEs and concerns from tax authotities. I like the interviews in the last session. They also bring me a lot of passion!
Its a wonderful for someone wanting to understand the fundamentals of International Tax Law. The real-life examples used in this course add to its practicality and utility. However, some more recent examples and reading material could be added for it to become even more relevant for those doing this course now. Keep up the good work!
I have expanded my knowledge in this area and I am very much grateful for Coursera online learning platform, educators that participated in creation of the course and fellow peers that were kind enough to always review my assignments. I will sure be back on Coursera to study further more. It was truly an experience I will appreciate.
International taxation principles initially seemed too complicated for me to understand. This has to a greater extent been demystified and I have the confidence that I can deliver great results for assigned tasks. It is for this reason that I have decided to take on international taxation as a career path
It gives me a very good understanding of what taxation is about. The lecturer and the guest speaker is fantastic and they also give you a good idea on why they choose tax so that I can reflect upon myself to see whether this is the right path to go. My goal of taking this course has been fully fulfilled,
Its an amazing course to provide an insight to international taxation, one of my favorite subjects to study. The only suggestion would be to make the video lecture a slight longer and in depth about topics. Otherwise its an amazing course. Hopefully one day i'll b able to study in the university itself.
This course is brilliant. Its content is very rich and broad, and gives glimpse about historical concerns and the current mechanisms as an update. It is incredibly add value to Tax professionals and great intro inside International Tax law. Many thanks for those who made this course comes to life!
The course gives you a fantastic platform for learning and upgrading your knowledge in the area of international tax law. I fount it extremely useful and inspiring for digging deeper in the area of international tax law. Thanks Leiden and the University team for making the effort!
Very nice and up to date course, thumbs up for the Leiden University, the International Tax Centre and specially Professors Douma and Van Raad for making such a wonderful and accurate work. Would recommend it to anyone getting into International Taxation as a newcomer or an expert
It´s been an amazing learning, excellent professors, very good quality of the videos, interesting study cases and a lot of articles and information about this subject. A big thanks for all of the Rethinking International Tax Law Team, specially to Prof Sjoerd Douma. All the best!
Really good course. The only problem is that probably there were not enough participants at the time I was doing it, so i had to wait quite a considerable time before being assessed. Otherwise as it come to information and content it was well organised and i lived it.
The Course is outstanding. The Team put a lot of effort in the making of this course. The Speakers are the leading experts in the Field of international Taxation and Transfer Pricing. At the same time the course is motivating as well as very instructive. Ov
Nice course from my own study program and university. I am glad the staff wants people to get to know more about tax law. It is complex but very interesting. Today it becomes more important, especially in the debate about base erosion and profit shifting.
I much appreciated this course. It provide a great overview about current tax environment internationally and great sense of tax planning concepts. Kudos to Leiden team as well as to Coursera for the platform. Great initiative, product and services.
This is a very good course to enroll, i am so delighted to share that i learnt a lot through this course. I have been contemplating on which path to take in my career but finally after this course im taking on International taxation. Thank you
This course gives you a snapshot of the issues normally dealt in int. tax law. The course is taught by great professionals and academics, and confers to its participants the necessary basic knowledge to face a deeper study of the subject.
Very useful for industry practioners to grasp an understanding on the overhaul of international tax regimes recently, lead by the OECD, the EUCoCG and the likes, which has a far-reaching impact on corporate structures and strategies.
This course was amazing since it gave me the possibility to face the international tax context in a proactive way. It was full of concrete experiences through the interviews  with important personalities of international tax field.
this  module  makes me think  about the tax  i have been studying about the taxes and  how  working , thank you to the leiden university  i have been learning about of the famous beps and other themes  sorry for my bad english
Great course. It helps me to widen my gaze in regard of tax planning, contemporary issues and transfer pricing..etc. Thanks Prof. Dr. Sjoerd Douma and the wonderful team. The course is highly recommended for tax professionals
Excellent Course, for beginners to experts. I contains  lots of reading and interesting videos. I think the time require in each week is a bit to much, specially for individuals that are full time workers and have families.
The course provides an extremely sophisticated and deep knowledge on the subject. Professors are very knowledgeable and talented!I really recommend to take this course to improve your knowledge on International Tax Law
It has been a wonderful experience over the last 6 weeks i the journey to learn more about International Tax Law. I would have however loved to see the course being more current rather than being dated to 2015.
Incredible breath of knowledge and additional information to use.  This would be one of the few course I would consider purchasing a certificate for future employment or for a degree in international tax law.
The Course was extremely helpful in providing me with additional insights and materials on the current debate with respect to international tax law. The course content, lectures and materials were fantastic!
Thanks for making this course available online. The course content is very board and good. The quality of lectures provided are also very good but one suggestion that the course material should be updated.
Excellent course, very pertinent themes and broad analysis of subjects very critical to the day-to-day of a International Tax professional. Instructors and mediators are outstanding. Highly recommended!
Greetings. Very good course covering many aspect of International Taxation which are very important and essential for any one whether in business or consulting. Well designed course. All the very best.
Excellent course. A very good overview of the current international tax issues. It can be quite challenging for a beginner, but still accessible. I strongly recommend to take the time to do it whole.
This course is very interesting and very well done. Video are very interesting and educational. I highly recommend this course to everyone who want to learn some of the international tax system.
This is a FIVE STAR course for completeness and structure. Plenty of material available. I really would welcome to be informed by the Leiden University in case of further course on tax subjects.
Very Comprehensive Training.Presentation is well structured and clear, from general overview to very technical topicsVery helpful to get a sound knowledge about International Tax Matters.
Exellent course which helped me gain an insight into practical issues and also learn from relevant sources regarding BEPS, aid, mismatches, OECD and more into multinational tax planning.
The course was very well planned and made extensive use of education technology. The required and recommended readings covered actual topics in depth. Congratulations to the whole team!
Another great course from Universiteit Leiden taught by some of the foremost experts in the field. A very challenging course of study, however if you put in the work, well worth it!
Really interesting course of exceptional quality. I learned a lot. It was quite challenging, especially for anyone who wants to get through the reading.
Excellent teaching, materials and structure. A very interesting course which I'd highly recommend to any professionals or those curious about the field.
Excellent course, well taught by experts and influential industry professionals. Has good resources. If in business, NGO, or Gov this course is a must.
Very thorough course. The providers really want to give the students a viable learning experience. Presented in a professional and interesting manner.
It's a best course on international tax law giving you a great insight and food for thought to research upon. I would recommend this course highly.
Well structured and quality course for anyone interested in the field of International Tax with no or little prior experience in the field.
Very interesting course, give a prospective of the international situation in tax law, with good material for go deeper into the subject.
The course enlightened me more about the issues in international taxation, especially as it relates to tax planning among multinationals
Extremely useful for anyone interested in getting a basic understanding of International Taxation and the challenges posed by the same.
Very understandable court, on complex issues, smartly built, impressive pedagogical work and still a lot of knowledge. Great work, and
Excellent course. It provided me with general but insightful information regarding international taxation in different perspectives.
really  good knowledge about international tax law, and also provides good reading material for students to read, very enlightening.
Challenging but gratifying course that provides you with the current tax issues and what is being done to address these issues.
I like this program very much, thank you very much I hope that it will be useful to all listeners who simply use this coursera
Amazing course! Great professors, lecturers and material. Essential course for those interested in international tax law.
Challenging course with in-depth view of international tax law. Teachers are very good and classmates are also helpful.
It was an extremely interesting course with excellent reading materials and tough exam questions. Thank you very much!
Well structured, good resource database and a good overview of what BEPS and the EU bring to the International debate.
Great content. i would recommend the course to anyone in International tax. The modules are detailed on tax aspects.
The course is very well-structured and very informative. Great course, highly recommended to fellow tax colleagues.
It improved my personal knowledge in terms of tax interpretation and practical influence through the real examples.
This course is so essential to the development of my country's tax laws and policies. I am so glad to be part of if
Interesting course even for people with a bit experience in the field. The material should be update a bit though.
Amazing teacher!! The homework was very well structured. All in all a great online course. 100% would recommend.
Excellent course, superb presentation, Leiden Law School proves they are best in world for International Tax.
This course gave me great insights in the background of international tax, BEPS, and related EU legislation.
A very useful and interesting course for professionals and non professionals in the legal and fiscal field.
Very Comprehensive overview of International Tax. Covers key concepts on how to approach International Tax.
Fantastic course. Detailed teaching and wonderful materials to go with. Insightful and highly recommended.
What a great way to obtain a basic overview of international taxation and the issues that have created it
A very interesting course. I highly recommend it to those who want to learn more about international tax.
Is a good course because there are more different elements of international tax that improve my skills
The videos were excellent. It was a ton of reading but I learned so much!I would highly recommend!
I love this course, it´s very interesting and updated with the most important stuff in tax law.
Great tutors, very approachable content but also on a very good level.I recommend to everyone!
Found extremely useful practical information within this course. Very much recommended. Peter
I loved the course, content and interaction, the videos and intevews where very interesting
Very well established course, with great scadual and strong level exercises. Keep going.
This course was very informative, well-structured and demanding to make student input.
well done, great course and professor, from the best university in europe for taxation
Optimum level of difficulty. Lot of resources to refer to. Charts are well explained.
Great content and the professors were engaging ,which is vital for an online course
Awesome course. I learnt so much and developed an interest in international tax law
The teachers and the course content was brilliant! Thank you for the opportunity!
The content in this course is highly valuable for tax experts. A very good course
Very interesting course. I liked the course. All modules are designed very well.
I am very satisfied with the quality of this course, its materials, the videos.
Really interesting and very usefull course i've ever learned. Thank you!!!
It was a good course looking at the big picture of International taxation
Excellent course. It would be more clear if more examples are provided.
Rethinking International Tax Law is one of the most important course
Very important Course for any one interested in international taxing
good for anyone with basic tax training and would like to dig deeper
Very good course to have a first overview of international taxation
Simply - Thank you for this course. It was a pleasure to follow it.
A well structured course to learn the basics of international law
Great course with a lot of interesting issues about the theme.
A comprehensive course designed for a professional tax person.
The course is really complex and interesting. Congratulations!
Top quality course from top University in the area of taxation
Hard and consistent course for those who wants real hard work
This course has defined my proffesional inclinations on law
very good, it just needs to be updated to become excellent
Great course! I shall definitely recommend it to a friend!
This class is awesome. I so hope I can take more classes.
a really great course involving economics and tax systems
Excellent Traning for International tax professionals
Great course! And  alle modules explained thoroughly!
The Course gave me a new view of international tax
I have learnt a lot in relation to Transfer prices
Very involving, well planned, and of high value.
Great course, very effective teaching approach.
Thank you! Very captivating and useful course!
Great content, excellent Professors and staff.
Excellent materials, structure and teaching.
Amazing Course! Keep up with the good work!
Very informative and practical! Thank you!
Excellent course on International Tax Law
Very detailed course, very informative
Very complete and challenging course!
One of the best courses i've taken!
In-depth and interesting course.
It was a great experience for me
Thanks to everyone! Good luck!
I find this course very useful
Amazing course. Great faculty.
Very good instructor and tea
One of the best on Coursera!
Great educational content!
Very depth and complete
Great course ever !!!!
Insightful course!!
Good resource!
really fun
Perfect.
