didn't get my certificate just because i passed the deadline
I've taken this course for a while but prefered to stop as I found it very not academic in terms of ethics and objectivity. It spreads anxiety and takes too much liberty with History.
it was halful
A very good and thought provoking course. It is a re-run of an archived course and sadly a number of reference materials that had been on the dashboard are not reposted with it. Also there are references to discussion forums that don't exist. If the missing material and content were up to date it would be a strong and complete course.
Material was interesting, but mentors/teaching assistants and the course director were non-existent. Hard to get any significant discussions going.
The Quizzes are more about the text that you will read, some of them wrote by the teacher, and inferred that the accessibility is by purchase some since links lead you to the sales page. Besides it, the mentioned quizzes are just word tricks. They do not intend to measure your general knowledge about the subject, but about details. I conclude it just because it is not my position to back down, and I was approved.You can do better reading by yourself the recommended paper. Knowledged does not need someone to gratified it by contrivance.
Instructor was engaging and informative.  Course is dated with recent global events.  Quizzes tested more of what student didn't know rather on what they were learning.
more about the study of terrorism than about terrorism
Just for get our opinion.
Good review of the theory but course is outdated given the number of events in the last 2 years that relate to the information provided in the course -- particularly as it relates to attacks
In general good, but not updated - seems from around 2013, so the new developments are not mentioned.
Some readings were not up to date anymore
Interesting and informative, but the material seemed dated.  The paper on Jihadi terrorists in Europe is from 2006, and information from the global terrorism database is from 2010, for example.  Some of the lecture content also seemed years behind the times -- like the omission of any mention of the increase in terrorist attacks in Western Europe.  (Yes, the lecture on foreign fighters was more current.)Maybe it's there somewhere, but all MOOCs should disclose when the lectures were recorded.
Altogether a useful introduction to an interesting topic -- despite the generalizing approach and the sometimes conservative instead of neutral presentation.
Not updated data
Average.  Doesn't really like the Professor's style.  He spends too many time trying to explain that he feels really concern about the victims etc. I feel that the content of the class could have been interesting but the organization was messy. Finally it gives the impression that academics know barely anything about the subject. I would have prefer a more historical approach. Overall i've watched all the content but in the future i won't spend much time checking for new Mooc from him. Thanks for the try though
It is a great theme, but at many points the course focuses on "who said what", regarding authors and papers, and emphasizes this type of question throughout all the tests. I think a longer course where these statements and papers could be properly discussed and explained would easily be a 5-star rating. The instructor clearly knows a lot on the subject and the material is top quality.
Theoretically the course is very lacking. There is little focus on the scholarly work in the field except perhaps the first few lectures. The content and scope of the course is too small. Overall however the content is good for a very basic introduction and
It was very good to learn terrorism from the theory angle and believe the two groups should work closer.
Unfortunately, articles listed as optional reading end up on the quiz at week's end.
basic knowledge, nothing special.
Great course, just one little problem : the "anglo-saxon" oriented theories on wich this course is based (nothing about the french scholars and studies, although France knows a lot - and a lot more than US scholars for example - about terrorism and specially jihadist terrorism that we unfortunately know since the middle of 80's. Some names : Gilles Kepel, Olivier Roy, Mathieu Guideres). Some assumptions about history of terrorism are factually wrong too: Narodnaïa Volia was not an anarchist movement, but a nihilist (Tchernytchevsky, Netchaiev) one. Militants came from russian aristocracy and their ideology was based on the education of the peasant people of russia when anarchists thank that the revolution would come from the workers and the new proletarian class. And anarchy came first from France (Proudhon, Fourier, etc…) and moved after to Russia. Finally, the role of PFLP in the history of terrorism is much more important than PLO (new modus operandi - plane high jacking and hostages, collusion with left-wing AND right wing movements) : of course I don't talk there about political influence but about history of terrorism, movements and modus operandi.Check out the great book "Histoire du terrorism" - Gilles Ferragu, Paris, 2014.Anyway i enjoy very much this course. Many thanks from a parisian student !!!
Interesting course but:1) The transcripts for each week are appalling. Here is a copied and pasted example: "Separatist groups remained active in almost 90% of decapitation cases where only a third of ideologically ideological organizations such as left wing and right wing organizations. Are damaged by it. And then, in general, in 17% of the cases. So 7% of the cases, decapitation led to the collapse of an organization." How are those that are hearing impaired meant to understand what the course leader is communicating? It took me so long to understand the transcript that I may as well have listened instead. The subtitles option reads the same as the transcript - not much good for anyone with anything but perfect hearing.2) The estimated timings for each activity are somewhat optimistic. '10 minutes' is the recommended reading time for each week's reading content. Within this reading list are, on average, 8 articles, some of which amount to over 70 pages - if each article is roughly 25-40 pages on average, and there are around 8 articles, how will this reading activity take the student only '10 minutes' to complete?Apart from that, I did really enjoy the course!!
Good fist MOOC experience. Pity the google hangout wasn't up but never mind. Would prefer more questions in the videos to check I'm listening attentively.Would also like to see a list of all the reading material in one place rather than per lectiure. Then I can go to each web page and save as epub usiing the crhome dotepub extension and copy to my ereader.Anyway you can streamline that kind of admin task would be appreciated. You ought to spruke ways to read the web pages, because reading it on a laptop or even tablet is a bit tedious. Also with the PDFs, some info on saving them as resizable PDFs would be appreciated.Course content was good and I like the coursera front end.Need someway to manage tthe growing library of reading material that accumalates not just with this one course but if you do multiple MOOCs over time,Thank!
Interesting course, supported by a good lecturer's team and interesting delivery method.For those who know nothing about Terrism and Counter-terrorism, it is a fast and efficient way to know more about different field of studies, and interesting to understand what are current biases surrounding the notion of Terrorism in our contemporary world. However, the course remains perhaps too generic, and would require more details, especially on crucial topics such as policies (Having examples or working on how to approach policy design may be of great value for the student to understand these challenges, but also for the Leiden University in order to capture inivative approaches.But again, generally speaking, this is an excellent course, with good pace, added value and interactivity.
This is a great overview of terrorism and counter-terrorism, and identifies the many flaws due to lack of knowledge policymakers still make in dealing with this phenomena.  The rigor of the course is challenging but not impossible.  I like that a section on Foreign Fighters has now been added to further enhance the course.  I will use this knowledge to apply to another topic I am researching - gang dynamics and gang violence, which I believe shares many similarities.  My only criticism is of the final, which I found to ask several questions about some obscure facts and did not truly test for the body of knowledge in my opinion, hence the 4 not 5 stars.
I found this course scholarly and informative. The presentation was clear and the arguments carefully researched and well balanced. It changed the way I think about terrorism - responding to anger with anger is counter-productive and doesn't really address the root causes. Thank you Prof. Bakkar for sharing your expertise and insights with a wide audience. Some quotes from or interviews with former 'terrorists', or from members of marginalised groups within Western societies would have given us a perspective from the other side of the debate. Student colleagues may have been able to add this sort of thing.
A pretty good course. The last week about foreign fighters didn't seem to flow as well as the other weeks (possibly because it was added later due to recent world developments). The course referenced many scholarly articles and sources, sometimes including those of the professor of the course. There is no shortage of scholarly reading material. However, some of the reading material came from websites that demanded registration after viewing the document the first time. This wasn't often, but there were a few (under 5 throughout the course) quiz questions that referenced these articles.
In my opinion, this course is so simple but yet an effective learning tool for those individuals who are a beginners in the field of terrorism and counterterrorism studies. Even though, if it is not your field of study, this course gives you a beginners look on how things actually role in this field and gives you a sense of satisfaction along with deep and clear understanding of this body of knowledge than what the mainstream media shows. This course have given me and think it will for others, an incentive to do something about these issues mentioned in the course.
Excellent course for understanding studies and policies about terrorism, its origins and the ways for understanding it.Terrorism is not about killing people; it's about fearing people too.Maybe, the course which based on the writes of Mr. Bakker and one of his books could think us a commercial or promotional purposses, but It's a great, really great, course and way for understanding actually world we're living, and an excellent way for naming many things which happen all of us.Information is another fact power will release us from fear.Thanks.
This was a great course! It's like a big summary of this discipline, because it would take a lot longer to study it in depth. The videos are interesting with some graphics to help us out. There is a transcript for every week and I used it every time. The only negative point would be the style of those transcripts; the way they are presented. The paragraphs are not in line and there's no real sections in the text. It makes it harder to read. Overall, I'm really glad with this couse and I must say the online community was definitely an asset.
This was a really useful and interesting course, introducing not only the theoretical side of Terrorism and Counterterrorism Studies but also policy approaches and real-world experiences of countries around the world. I would have liked to have had more up-to-date content, given the dynamic and fast-changing nature of the phenomenon, but overall I would recommend this course to anyone interested in terrorism throughout history and in the world today.
It was a good course, however, it seems that the recording was from the earlier course. Which I don't mind, however, some of the comment wasn't relevant, so it was a bit weird.In terms of content and how the course run, it was beyond my expectation. The list of literature provided were quite extesive and strategicaly chosen. I wish there's a whole syllabus that we can access in the beginning of the course to prepare for the assignment.
I would like to give 4.5 but it is not an option. Mainly because the course is good but sometimes Professor Bakker fails to hold my attention, due to lack of fire in his lecturing style. Whilst I know lectures cannot always be exciting , no matter how keen one is on the subject, I feel that some of the more tedious course material would be absorbed better if presented in a less monotone manner.
Excellent content and nicely delivered. Would have liked some more variation in the delivery - show us videos, problems to solve, more details for example on Munich massacre - detailed deconstruction of the act of terror. Found it difficult with the tests that involved "check all that apply".Recommended course.
I have just begun this course (completed week 1) and I have to say, I am impressed with the course and how well it is put together. I am a grad student in the states and have been through many classes that were not nearly this informative, up to date and intriguing right out of the gate. Impressive!
Great course, very interesting material.  I found that the course material did not match the quiz material, though I was not seriously bothered by it.  I learnt a lot and will continue to follow the theory of terrorism and the practice of counterterrorism.
Very good courses for someone who want to understand the basics of Terrorism and Counterterrorism. Only thing I would suggest to improve the course will be to be more up date with the  latest event on terrorist attack in Europe.
Excellent  Very Focused on the academic research perspective and utilizes the most reading of any terrorism MOOC courses out there.  Well worth the time especially for those who enjoy learning from a European perspective.
Due to the new wave of attacks in Europe, I believe the subject of this course is pretty important. Therefore, it would be great if Prof. Bakker could review some of the lessons given that are out of date.
The course is good and offers some interesting insights into the current state of things regarding terrorism, as well as a glimpse in the mindset of the terrorists and terrorist organizations.
A lot of reading is needed which, on one hand, is beneficial to the students but on the other can be exhausting as well. Anyway, I had a great time and gain a better perspective on terrorism.
Wonderful course especially for beginners. Very much informative easy to understand. Videos are very interactive and keeps one engaged.  Would like to do further courses in this area.
Very objective, theoretical and empirical point of view of terrorism. Very clear explanations and very interesting lectures added about the subject. Very recommendable
Very interesting. May need permanent updates, for instance through short addition video lectures.Course transcripts are really useful, in particular when translated!
Great course material. It is comprehensive even to beginners such as me. the only problem is the dynamic nature of the subject that may render it obsolete.
Good course. But some of the reading material is not available online. Also, after 4 or 5 years, it probably needs an update to tackle more recent events.
A lot of information and very well presented. May need some updating to reflect the quickly changing landscape of terrorism. Thanks for a great course!
Great course, really clear en interesting. Mostly research centered.I liked the last added courses with examples and i would have like more of those.
Excellent course, give us a great idea what is the studies about terrorism and show us how many we are far from a scholar research here in Brazil.
Another excellent course. My hope in the future is a follow up be done with greater focus on counter terrorism  training tactics and procedures
The course is five star, but the fact that terrorism does not yet have a global definition make the chance to learn more about it very harder.
While making the case that theory and practice do not much up, more could be said about current practices, both effective, and non-effective.
I never really thought about causes and reasons behind terrorism and these sorts of activities. Certainly gave me something to think about.
Fantastic course. Though the message is clear, some statistic numbers are a lot of out date. It's been an eyeopener for me in many ways.
Thank you very much for awarding me with a verified certificate of accomplishment. Indeed the course was a wonderful experience.
A highly informative module giving you an overview of the scientific methods used in studying terrorism and counterterrorism.
This course was utterly informative and interesting — however, I recommend to review and update the module transcripts.
This is an interesting and well structured course. In addition, the discussions between the students are stimulating.
excellent content. teachers very good. course very well organized . readings excellent and accessible thank you .
Really interesting and opened my eyes to understanding the world's perspective on some elements of terrorism
First time in an internet course! it was a great experience. And about the course, it was good enough!!
Really interesting, reflexions and work with so many différents people on an attractive and complex dom
Great course. Good introduction on a pretty complex subject. Well brought and great articles included!
A very useful course which provided a whole new aspect for you to view terrorism at different angles!
Very useful and practical approach to terrorism and counterterrorism studies.  Great introduction.
Great courses!!Widely touched all the aspects of Terrorism and CT.Very professional and neutral.
Fantastic course, comprehensive and easy to follow. A good introduction to the field.
Very well structurred course. There's room for improvement in updating the material.
Interesting course. Able to achieve more in-depth understand on Terrorism and Co
Awesome course.Everyone must take it to understand holistic view on terrorism.
A very complex insight into theorie vs practice on an academic scale!
Short, crisp, to the point, good reading material, short modules
Need to have more up to date data.  Need more guest lecturers.
Good course for a general understanding of Terrorism History.
More Charts and Multimedia slides would have been helpful.
Very smart approach of such a difficult topic. Thank  you!
Well laid out and thought provoking content.
excellent course to understand terrorism
great course I will recommend to others
It's a great course to go through
Very Insightful and transforming
Informative and well presented.
Very informative and engaging!
Great,   in-depth on topic.
learn a lot of news things
very interesting course.
This course is simply great. I am myself an expert in security studies, but I admit that I have leaned a lot. This course has helped to update my knowledge in my major :International Security. The lecturer is actually a professional who explains things, concepts and phenomena with accuracy. The skills I have acquired with this course will undoubtedly help me in my career as a security expert as I shall soon start my new position as an intelligence analyst with the police.
This excellent, balanced course uses a great combination of concise videos and additional reading. I enrolled hoping to better understand this hot-topic and Prof. Bakker's course was perfect.
Useful and well done. This course is an example how to boost resilience in our society with knowledge. At the end of the day is a brick of our holistic counter terrorism actions. Thank you.
Excellent! Accessible, yet detailed, well researched and presented, thought provoking. A good glimpse into what security studies/terrorism academia can be like. I wish there were more!
I highly recommend taking this course, which will allow you to acquire knowledge on the subject of Terrorism.
Great course. Really helpful.
Really interesting course!
My opinion about the course is without doubt positive. It is geared to both college-educated people and for those people without previous knowledge course. The course allows different levels of depth; both can be used to acquire general knowledge about terrorism and counterterrorism, to elaborate on specific aspects, because it offers the student a varied and useful bibliography and recommended readings.
As far as the platform is concerned, it is very intuitive and easy to handle, even an online course.
My feeling has been to meet not only the vastness of the subject, the platform can be part of the course and the ability to communicate through forums with students sharing concerns and seek solutions.
It's an easy course to follow although it online because it is well structured and has a good organization.
This does not mean that the course is exceeded without hard work, as the estimated 5/6 hours a week of dedication is pretty accurate.It is not the typical course online almost testimonial. You have to work hard if you want to get a good result. So maybe it's the most rewarding thing I have done. From what I have learned and by the possibilities I see this field.
It has also been rewarding by Professor Dr. Edwin Baker and his team for their skill and dedication, they have been tremendously didactic. If it were not for them, I would not have been able to finish. And fellow students from all countries, from forums and debates that have exposed enriching opinions. Thanks to all.
When discussed in popular media, terrorism is a topic that is quite sensationalized. In contrast, Professor Bakker offered a very balanced view of terrorism in this course, tackling common perceptions of terrorism and counterterrorism in an organized fashion, and backing up his claims with arguments from both sides as well as hard data collected by scholars in the field.I also like that the course was kept current with added discussion on Syria. The lectures on Syria were a bit less clear and organized than the previous ones, but then again, hindsight is 20/20, and the Syria conflict is a current event.By and large, I liked that Professor Bakker did not "preach" his thoughts on terrorism, e.g. making leaps of faith and then expecting us to take unproven assumptions as the basis for a further argument. If I had to make one suggestion on how to improve the course, I would say that the handful of videos by external speakers were not properly contextualized in the course. In particular, I didn't understand why there was a video of a woman from Amnesty International talking about drone strikes and urging political action, since it was not referenced at all by other lectures.
This well-organized course is presented in a series relatively short and focused video segments that are devoted to aspects of its half dozen or so major themes.  Professor Bakker's lectures in each of those videos are clear, thorough and deceptively simple.  One realizes in retrospect that Bakker has not only smoothly covered major theoretical issues about terrorism but he has also woven considerable historical detail as well as some academic controversy into the overall narrative.  An important strength is that Dr. Bakker is careful to promote objectivity as he discusses point after point, but he is not shy about offering his opinion, particularly concerning the many controversial matters that come up.  However, he is always entirely candid about his position when he does so, and that candor reinforces the scholarly tenor of the entire course.  This is a valuable entry into a subject of great contemporary relevance, confusion, and need for sound policy-making; it will help to enhance one's ability to come to rational judgments about how terrorism can be understood and responded to.
This is a very well balanced course, in that it focuses on many different views on the research of terrorism, from many different platforms, both academic and non-academic, from all parts of the world. Even within the scope of academic, it focuses on the study through the sociology, psychological, political science and many other discipline's lenses.It also has a wide variety of activities and assessments, such as the essays, discussions, hang out and multiple-choice questions, which sustain the attention and interest of us students.Another very important plus-point for this course is that it is offered quite frequently, and allows students to suspend 1 session and continue in the following sessions (and the next 3 to 4 sessions are already on display) which allows a very sizeable amount of flexibility and allows us to plan our calendar accordingly.Flexible, interesting, holistic and updated
This is a really interesting course with current information about the state of terrorism and  counterterrorism studies today and with an updated module on ISIS and what is happening in Syria at the moment. The history is an  important aspect ,so having finished the course I feel I have a good overview of where we are and where we are coming from with an acknowledgement of the future. I wasn't sure that I would finish since one of the quizzes was so tricky but I got through it and learnt to revise well for the final exam. The videos are very well presented by Dr. Bakker and guests and the essential and supplementary readings very pertinent and enlarging.I wish I still had access to those materials as I didn't read everything I would have liked to but know I can at least refer to Perspectives on Terrorism online whenever I want to for current articles.
In my opinion, this course is great. I'm doing my MSc in Forensic Psychology and I did this course to learn more about terrorism.The professor does a very good job at keeping the audience interested and he speaks clearly and slowly enough for everybody to understand. For a 7 week course, you get tons of information and, most importantly, it is well organized, going through modules in a systematic and thoughful way. Every week you have about 3 or 4 required readings, which will deepen your knowledge about the subjects addressed during the videos.I would strongly recommend this course to anyone who wants to have someone very knowledgeable guide you through an interesting and current topic. Thumbs up to Coursera as well, everything went perfectly.
I found this course to be a very useful one to refresh already received knowledge as well as to understand how interconnected theory and practice in counter-terrorism are. Therefore, it is not only useful for academics, but for practitioners as well. Being the latter I was able to analyze in a very short time-framework the amount of materials that would take me months to systematize and only then isolate the needed material for analyzing. Kudos to Professor Bakker for a very intensive, yet not boring history of terrorism from anarchists to FTFs (this part of the course is especially appreciated from my side). Recommended to anyone who is interested in learning about this phenomenon.
Excellent work. I am currently pursuing my Masters in Terrorism and Counterterrorism Studies with Henley Putnam University and I wanted to express my gratitude towards the course syllabus, reading materials, and all the wonderful scholarly articles that have enabled me and provided much food for fodder towards my degree program. Thank you, Edwin Bakker, and yes I have purchased your book Terrorism and Counterterrorism Studies - Comparing Theory and Practice on the first day I started this course. A very big thank you to guest lectures like Alex Schmid and others for providing so much insight on the topics of Counterterrorism. Once again, excellent course and excellent instructors.
What skills did I learn in this course?The history of terrorism, its main causes, several terrorist groups that I did not know and several events that have occurred in past decades that I did not know. I also learned a lot of literature and many literary and academic sources that are based on international research and gave me a broader view of terrorism history, myths, policies and trends. On the other hand I was updated in modus operandi of different groups and statistics that helped me to understand the phenomenon.Excellent course. Many thanks to the teachers, directors, classmates, and all those who have made this course possible. Especially Edwin thanks
I have been very interested in this course since the beginning, and although it has been an additional effort to the language of the language and to have to make it compatible with my working life, I have not thrown the towel and I have put a special effort to finish it. I have learned to approach this problem from a professional perspective thanks to the approach and structure that Professor Bakker has given to this course and has also served me to document extensively as well as to learn to investigate terrorism and counterterrorism. My most sincere congratulations to the professor and to the whole team of the University department.
I really enjoyed and got lots of concrete advantages in taking part in this course, mainly because West Africa where I am living, has been daily targeted by violent extremism ( Mali, Nigeria, Niger, Côte d'Ivoire, Burkina Faso, etc.), and it was great time for me to understand more the origins, consequences and acceptable strategies , plans and measures states, communities and individuals can put in place to reduce the impact of these violent actions on our lives and futures. Huge thanks for have given me chance to access such a wide range of knowledge, skill and practical tips on Terrorism and Counterterrorism. Merci beaucoup!!!
Interesting way of explanations on terrorism, very detailed in such a small amount of time. could be said it has touched some of the essences of studies on the subject and can be considered as an appetizer to go for the large scale studies on the subject.Missing some deeper root causes and factors causing terror to be extreme but we all know that there is a problem to reach to all material needed for this research - the need for security clearance is not granted to many researchers, and if yes then their research is never published only for government.. eyes so to say.  Thank you very much, nice made videos and added literature.
I think it is significant to spread results of academic researches on topics connected with (counter-)terrorism and real facts. At first, it promotes popular myths deflation; secondly, it encourages listeners to create and can conduce new openings. The most insightful lessnos for me was the ones about modern groups in Syria, assumptions on T and CT and also about problems of terrorism definition consensus. It is also sad that there are almost no duscussions on the forum (excluding the first weeks). Thanks to this course lecturer, professor Bakker, for the scope of information and easily understandable English!
Very interesting course. I found the reading material sources particularly relevant without exceeding unnecessary in quantity and issues. Professor Edwin Bakker didactic approach is especially suitable to my ideal concept of how a teacher should communicate with his/her audience. Together with Moral Foundations of Politics held by Professor Ian Shapiro, I would rate these two the most attractive and expectations matching courses I've ever come across online.Thanks to Coursera, Leiden University and all the people who makes this miracle of quality online teaching for free ever possible.Stefano
I am enjoying this course very much, it is informative and very well organized and presented.  I highly recommend it to anyone with an internet in the topic as it provides an excellent overview and includes current academic and non academic (mass media, world leaders. etc). perspectives.  The video lectures are exciting and I look forward to the time I spend viewing them, the core readings are relevant and there are good suggestions for those wanted to gain a deeper understanding of the material. Dr Edwin Bakker the professor for this course is an excellent educator.
Ich habe dieses Thema vorher an der University of Georgetown absolviert. Ich bin froh diesen ausgewogenen Kurs an der Universität Leiden absolviert zu haben. Ich habe nun eine genauso fundiertere, aber weniger einseitige Sicht auf das Thema und insbesondere auf das Phönomen der foreign fighters.
I have previously completed this topic at the University of Georgetown. I am happy to have completed this balanced course at the University of Leiden. I now have an equally profound, but less one-sided view of the subject and in particular the phenomenon of foreign fighters.
The course "Terrorism and Counterterrorism: Comparing Theory and Practice" provides important subsidies for those who would like to better understand these phenomena, with a strong theoretical background and excellent didactics. I was interested in the course because I am finishing my degree in International Relations and my monograph required me to understand better about it.

I can say that this goal has been achieved. I read the articles suggested by Professor Bakker and attest to the great quality of the course.

Thank you and until next time!
The course is extremely well organized. Theoretical part is presented in a comprehensible way. Mainstream views, their flaws and possible solutions are given, the author always mentions counteragruments and does not try to impose his personal thoughts. Individual tasks allow to get deeper into the studied cases. I also admire external invited partisipants of the lectures, as it provides more diverse perspectives. And last, but not least, it`s great that the course evolves with current agenda. Thank You for this wonderful work!
An extremely informative and well designed course, I had a wonderful experience learning from Prof. dr. Bakker, his team and colleagues and all the guest scholars who gave their valuable time to this course. I think this curse is a shining example of the wonderful novelty of coursera in providing quality education to people literally across the globe!It's been a pleasure doing this course and I recommend it to all my friends interested in this field and look forward to working on many other courses in the future!
I found this course to be very interesting. In the US you hear many things from our politicians and media but very little of it has to do with actual numbers and statistics. Now understandably some of those numbers have changed since this course was put together but I think the general idea that terrorism is a constantly evolving entity was presented well. Although I had several distractions tugging at me during this course the information presented has motivated me to continue my study in this area. Thank you.
Dear sirs and madams! Thank you very much for this interesting and useful course. It contains a lot of information and reading materials which help to get deeper understanding of phenomenon of terrorism. It helps to aproach to different acts of violence from different perspectives. Also for for those course participant whoes country is ivolved in some armed conflict it helps to get deeper and more attantive aproach to classification of people being involved in conflict and deal respectively with them.
It is an excellent course which provides basic understanding about terrorism and counterterrorism studies. The teaching method of the teacher is also convincing and illuminate about many theories. if someone wants to understand the phenomenon of terrorism, he/she must take this course. This course has also removed my confusions about theories of terrorism and counterterrorism. I would like to request Dr Edwin Bakker and his team to introduce more advance level course on the issue. Regards
You MUST take this course, if:If you want to know the Academic approach of the modern counterterrorismIf you need to have a concentrated knowledge about the historical factsIf you want to know about the best bibliography and know about modern scholarsif you are working in counterterrorismetc.or if you are curious to know what is terrorism according to scientists and experts.I recommend this course.My congratulations to Professor Edwin Bakker and to his team for this excellent work.
When i started this course i did not know what to expect but as i progress i became very impress with the materials provided and the dept of information available on the subject. Terrorism has now moved from an item on the news to me to an intimate subject worth exploring further. I became intimately  connected with this subject and vowed to continue exploring the phenomenon deeper.  Thank you very much for the wealth of knowledge presented.Vannie Curwen
I really like the professor, all the material given, and of course the topic. It's a very interesting course and I love that the professor provides names of important authors in the field, books, films and also schools specialized in studies on terrorism and counterterrorism. I started considering counterterrorism as a career path after my Law degree, we will see how the course will go, but so far (week threem, about to start week four) so good!
I liked very much the course and I would like to get enrolled in others courses related. It helped me a lot to much better develop my work of inter-faith's dialogue and i think important my institution to include the theme of counterterrorism and foreign fighters at our magazine as prevention to avoid conflicts and wrong decision by youngers.  As christian, to better understand the muslim and islam world to promote peace is fundamental.
This was my first course on Coursera. After completing the START course from the University of Maryland, I can say with confidence that this course is a much deeper look at the concepts of terrorism and counter-terrorism (vs analysis of data and statics from the GTD). The exams were harder but the level of understanding is also deeper than the START course. Also, Dr. Bakker is very engaging and interesting.
Very good Introductory course to get familiar with the academic research and main authors towards Terrorism and Counterterrorism. The course is well organized and the content is very punctual and was well selected and prepared. I recommend it for students of International Relations, Political Science, Public Policy and Governance, Law and most related in Social Sciences but not limited only to them.
This course was perfect; I took so long to finish it, because as it happens with a good book, I feared turning the last page and never seeing it again. This course has been as close as I have been to coming into contact with the incredibly enticing and perennial issue of international security and I cannot thank Coursera and the University of Leiden enough for this wonderful opportunity.Thank you.
An extraordinary course !! with key foundations, historical and current information on the subject,  masterfully explained by Mr. Edwin Bakker.
A course full of relevant and valuable information to understand the phenomena and changes that are occurring in our world.
A course that we should all take to know the role we play in this world so changing and so scourged by wars and misunderstandings.
It's good see an excellent teacher who shows us to look at the terrorism not via his perspective but wants us to use our own. Techniques he is using is also nice and not boring. As a student, i would take this course(and Edwin Bakker if could be possible) if this could be a lesson in my university. I have learned many things and he aroused my interest about the terrorism subject more than ever.
Fantastic MOOC! This course is great for the ones who want to learn more about Terrorism studies and Terrorism History. It's not a easy one, if you are commited to read all the sugested readings, However it does give you a solid backgorund in this area of study, and it's a nice beggining for the ones, like me, that intend to continue to study Terrorism & Counterterrorism at a University level.
The quality and quantity of the material provided are simply outstanding. “Terrorism and Counterterrorism: Comparing Theory and Practice” is first and foremost a well-structured course built upon solid academic standards. I would recommend it even to those who already have knowledge in this field because most certainly there will be something that you did not know.Excellent course!
I did this course as an introduction to something I was becoming increasingly interested in. With a background in law and neuropsychology, I was able to wear either or both hats at various points throughout the course. It really made me think and has served me in good stead for further more advanced study in the same field. The presentation is clear and well-referenced.
Its been a great journey learning with experts and interacting with fellow peers. Those who want to deepen their knowledge in Terrorism and counter terrorism must take this course, you wont regret it. All of the faculty members are experts in their respective field. Thanks coursera and thanks Leiden University. And thanks to every one involved in creating this course.
Very high standard and very well prepared course. It incorporates uptodate topics as in week 6 and also is refreshingly academically focused rather than having a political approach. The analysis behind the myths is outstanding and the data-driven analysis by the lecturers is more effective than so much fud that you see in the media. The professor is a great educator.
All in all, a very interesting and comprehensive course on terrorism and counterterrorism history, theory, state-of-the-art knowledge and evolution. Please allow me to recommend two publications on ISIS and why it was born: "Black Flags - The Rise of ISIS" by Joby Warrick, and "The Rise of Islamic State" by Patrick Cockburn".  With kind regards, Enrico Pinna
An excellent course led by Dr Bakker and team. I learned a lot about this very important topic and how the instructor was quite frank and honest about many things. I would like to see more things covered in the future though such as cultural/social/state terrorism and how to deal with it. This is probably the best MOOC on the internet for this topic.
Really enjoyed the material. The videos were simple, especially for a beginner. This is the first course I completed online and the experience was really good. Prof. Bakker is an able instructor and the concepts were well explained. The tests were simple though. Most of them took only one or two attempts to pass. That counts as a positive by the way.
I have plans of becoming a scholar in the field of terrorism and counter-terrorism, but I didn't know how to go about it. This course has really helped me; it made me know key authors, centers,  and scholars in the field, popular journals, the current state of the field, grey areas, and many more. I am really happy I enrolled for this course.
This was an excellent exploration into the current state-of-the-art of Terrorism and Counterterrorism.  There was an exploration into several popular misnomers that politicians attribute to terrorists.  Having a body of academic literature to support or debunk these theories was excellent.  I thoroughly enjoyed the readings and the lectures.
This was a great course. I'm very happy with all I learned throughout it. Prof. Baker lectures are great, very dynamic and understandable. Selected topics on this course are meaningful in that they provide a very good insight of the phenomenon of terrorism. I recommend this course for anyone interested in learning about counter-terrorism
A lot of knowledge and many assumptions are now twisted. Useful to understand terrorism especially in this era. Courses are clear well done, very professional, I highly recommend. That's my first online course, I'll take others when I'll have time so thank you. I bought the certificate, I see it like a donation for all this good work.
I wanted to learn more about the ongoing terrorist threats and governmental replies.  I learned that a so much more!  The teach is deeply involved in research on the topics he teaches and i particularly enjoyed the monthly talks on new events discussed in the news.  Wish this professor offered other classes so I could take those too!
Easy to follow, great video's by Prof. Bakker. It really challenges me to think further than what i can see on the news or read in the general news papers. This course makes me understand where terrorism is coming from and why people are doing it. Absolutely great. I wish other universities would do the same for their courses.
After doing this course, it made me realize the importance of the security of my own country. I thank you the instructors who made this course available, accessible and possible for people like me who are now inspired to join the Armed Forces in efforts to counter-terrorism. This is truly a wonderful and insightful course!
Just to express my gratitude for the time and attention that I received during this course, I also want to take the opportunity to be considered in an upcoming course in this subject, since the knowledge that took me I am sure will be very useful , and will help me greatly in my professional life.

Again, sincere thanks.
It was great to refresh my knowledge on the theory of terrorism but what is more valuable of this course is a new information, the  incredible list of additional literature and super interesting and understandable lectures of Profesor Bakker. Special thanks for Coursera for opportunity to study when it is convenient.
I liked it
a lot because it uses a lot of statistical support, essays, publications and it
is explained in an understandable language without technicalities. I
congratulate the University of Leiden and Professor Bakker for allowing us to
learn  this subject that should be
treated more seriously by our governments.
I would strongly suggest this course to all the students who seek knowledge in global affairs, this course is taught by an excellent professor and everyone with interest in learning online ,should take a chance to enroll, especially when we are all affected by such a phenomenon that  is elaborated in this course.
This is a very educational and helpful course. If you are looking to service your country an Immigration Officer and or related filed, this is good course to take. I would really love to a  course in Homeland Security because I want to change job, hence the reason I took this course. VERY VERY HELPFUL.
As an International Relations student, I got asked so many times from friends and family to explain what was going on in Syria. It wasn't until this course that I realized I didn't know as much as I thought I did about terrorism. I recommend it to anyone who wants to understand our present day events.
This course covers several interesting topics that let us have a general vision of terrorism concept, research, assumptions, foreign fighters, etc. Readings and optional readings are very good quality materials, and some of them are examples of quantitative research which is refreshing in this field.
The course is very comprehensive and enlightening. The professor explained all the major points concerning terrorism. I would definitely recommend this course to my colleagues majoring in international affairs because it helps to understand the current state of the world from a different perspective.
Excellent tutor - leading speakers from the field with a good slant on all angles that we are covering out there today. I really enjoyed the course despite not being from this background though have an interest… well worth looking at if you are wanting to gain a greater understanding in the field.
Great course and professor. I have gained a lot of information in a very short time. The course has opened my eyes to new research topics that I am very much interested in. Thank you so much Professor Edwin Bakker for presenting the subject in a very easy way to comprehend. I am so grateful.
As a practitioner in the field, I was interested in reviewing some of the core concepts and hoped to stumble upon relevant material that I had not read. Although it can be difficult to keep someone familiar with the material engaged with the course, this course did a great job. Loved it.
Hi!I have done this course because I really wanted to get into the topic of terrorism and the history of terrorism. This course has given me great insight and Prof Bakker is excellent at presenting the material and explaining the complex concepts.Thank you for this great course!
With a Security and Law Enforcement background, I found this course to be very rewarding. Theories, ideas and trends discussed within the course highlight the issues regarding Terrorism, Counter terrorism and provide further understanding for me in my professional capacities.
I think it is quite interesting as an introduction to the phenomenon. the main problema is tha terrorism itself is a living creature and studies on terrorism need to be constantly updated. So there is a need to regularly update de videos and the reading material.
Women have lived in the midst of armed conflict in different parts of the world, but each context we have our own truth. This course allows me as leader of women find a clear path to our own resilience.thanks prof. dr. Edwin Bakker, thanks University of Leiden.
Super! Incredibly informative and easy to follow. It gives a great foundation to students with no prior knowledge in the subject, while offering immense opportunities to those with some level of proficiency to continue feeding what they know. 100% recommended!
An excellent endeavour to highlight how we understand and counter terrorism today. It reinforces Jenkin's perspective that "Unless we think like a terrorist we are liable to miss the point". My congratulation to Dr Bakker , his team,and the university. BRAVO..
A really good introduction to the course, well explained, good videos, I only wish I could have read the extra materials too. Only one complaint (very minor) - I live in Colombia and found a couple of references to Columbia in the materials. But overall super.
I have learned a lot since the very beginning of this course, i found very accurate the content in each  module, and i should mention that profesor Bakker is very objective at explaining, and when it comes to sharing his opinions he gives reasonable arguments.
It is an excellent course
 in acquiring theoretical and practical knowledge of the subject, I am 
very pleased to participate, demonstrating my taste in talking about 
these subjects, I would like to continue learning about the material. Thank you very much
Very well covered intro into the study of terrorism and counterterrorism.  Gives the learner new perspectives and a challenge to research further into the subject.  This is a course that should be taken by everyone in a security or governance related field
Really impressed and motivated to learn different types of Terrorist Names and organization. It gives me an idea to start think critically and develop mechanism to stop Terrorist in the country.  I really appreciate it. Thanks Bilu KasandaPapua New Guinea
Very compelling arguments and facts. I was looking for something to do and always enjoy broadening knowledge.The content was heavy enough to be meaningful, but light enough to be enjoyable. I enjoyed the discussion forums. I will be continuing the series.
I have a degree and mastery, and I have taken many courses, but this one stands out for the quality of the speakers, the information and the pedagogy, I really congratulate you, especially to Professor Edwin Bakker, many congratulations and admiration.
Very relevant course. When I took it, I just appreciated its theoretical value. Now that we have our nearby city attacked by terrorists and held on for more than two months, the course has become one of the most relevant courses in our society today.
A very good course diving into the foundations of analysing terrorism and counter-terrorism. It is scholar oriented but considers as well data collected from global terrorism databases. It was pivotal to train and exercise further academic thinking.
I am student of CAREER POINT UNIVERSITY and completed this course and learn many things like history,how terrorism works in world and learn lot of things but I not able to get course certificate after completion of course,so please can you help me
This is one of the best course that showcase our most vital in a way most contemporary matters. Hopefully, the people who will take part in this course will have improved their level of humanity and their partial eyes through a inevitable process.
Very helpful for a basic understanding of terrorism and counterterrorism, and a knowledge with the current reseach in this field. A very pleasent experience studying with Prof. Bakker, and looking forward to the next course with Leiden University.
Course tutor is very engaging and retained my interest throughout the course. Subject matter is clearly taught at a level both those with a limited insight in to the subject and those already in the area can understand. Highly recommended course.
A very good insight in the field of terrorism, its deffinition, impact, counter measures, history and future, from the academical point of view. The course is very well organized and I would recommend it to anyone with interest in the field.
Excellent course , it provides much required insight in to Terrorism and Counter Terrorism. I have gained enormously and have furthered my knowledge in this field which would not have been possible without undertaking this holistic course.
It's been really interestingIt has helped supported me with a lot of needed resourses and infor for my dissertationThe used language is easy and understandable.There is a big amount of information and statisticsThe course is well organized
This course, which delves into the minds of the experts, can expand your knowledge into what's really happening, not just the opinions of the media. Further, it goes deep into the 'why' in a world only interested in the 'who' and 'where'.
I was working through the course it as I am interested in the field and one day would love to work for an expert organization in this matter. I must say, I really enjoyed it. It's very well produced and everything is properly explained.
The course brings up subjects about terrorism that are very interesting, such as the history of terrorism. I liked it very much and I highly recommend it for anyone interested in political science, terrorism and international relations.
Interesting, Encouraging and Fun to do! Each week gave a better insight into different areas and provide a wide and good understanding of Terrorism and Counter Terrorism Concepts. Amazing reading list and access to papers. It was a ple
A very insightful course, providing an academic approach to historical and current events. The course addresses a wide range of topics , it questions assumptions, and it provides new perspectives on terrorism. I highly recommend it!
This course is one of the best, the fact of being in netherlands is a "extra" (I've precupation about the north american courses about this). The professor has an universitary abordage, without rage or bias.
Thak you a lot, Leiden!
A very interesting course! I learned a lot about the history and development of terrorism till actual terrorism today. Just what I searched for.  Some readings could probably need to be updated, but nevertheless very interesting.
This Course is totally illuminating! Great backgrounder for a knowledge seeker about terrorism like me. It became more significant & engaging because of the great materials  & great Facilitator & Professor, Edwin Bakker!
Sometimes i am absolutely disagree with some of conclusions but its a normal process of exploring the truth is in an academic way of reasoned debate, dialogue filled with respectful atmosphere.Thank you for this course.
An excellently curated course that provides deep and nuanced learning on the subject of terrorism that is a dynamic, growing discipline. The Course Lead is an amazingly knowledgeable and articulate teacher/researcher.
I certainly enjoyed taking this course. Professor Bakker couldn`t be nicer and overall amazing, I understood and memorized every single bit of the studies. The reading was very useful as well. Thank you very much!
This is a great course on Terrorism and Counterterrorism, with very interesting lectures. The course will need to have a deep involvement in readings, taking notes and researches. I totally recommend this course!
Thank you Prof. Edwin Bakker.... it was very informative and comprehensive, yet open up our eyes that all of us can contribute to a better and safer society. So grateful for having the opportunity to participate.
This course has been incredibly helpful in making sense of the news and the world today. I especially appreciate the continuing contact and "office chats" which help put current events in perspective. Thank you!
Excellent work by Prof Bekkar. The course is not an easy one, although Prof Bekkar has given a very systematic overview of the subject. I highly recommend this course to anyone interested in National Security.
I really want to recommend this course. It is presented in a clear and didactive way. Encouraging us to open our mind to many aspects of what terrorism is and how todeal with it. I enjoyed every minute of it.
I learnt so very much and all relevant to today's time, the past, and (hopefully) my not so distant career shift. I will certainly use this MOOC as regular reference of research papers and views. Thank you!
first off all i want to say thanks to all members of coursera online course and to university of leiden for this great experence and challange wich gives us (all students) another level of study best wishes
Very thorough, timely and relevant.  Upon completion, periodic office chats are made available to maintain current understanding and updates to a very unpredictable and fluid topic.  Excellent presentation.
A very interesting well presented course, that provides a good all rounded insight into terrorism and counter terrorism. which is easy to follow and provides you with a good understanding of todays issues.
Very well organized and very informative course, thoroughly introducing students to the topic, using the latest in academia on terrorism. Recommended for everyone seeking to understand the topic better.
GREAT EFFORT!!Real important course for general and clear concept about the past, the actual, and future terrorism worldwide.!!CONGRATULATIONS LEIDEN UNIVERSITY, CONGRATULATIONS TEACHERS AND DIRECTOR!!
Excellent course. A thorough MOOC that gives more insight in the practice of terrorism and counterterrorism; what works and what doesn't, dividing myth from truth in a political sensitive subject.
I loved this course! It's so interesting and really well organized and structured. The videos and readings are really interesting and understandable. Prof. Bakker explains everything perfectly!
It was a great course, i learned the mean aspects about terrorism and counter terrorism. I think the methodology  used was essential to have more interest on the topics handled. I recommend it!
Very interesting an relevant look at the current state of terrorism research.  This course is both accessible to anyone interested and in depth enough for those familiar with the topic.
Excellent course, with very good extra material. The lectures were easy to follow and comprehendable even for someone with absolutely no background in the topic. Thank you very much.
One of the best courses I ever made in my life. The videos gave me the opportunity to write my own notes and help me - with the additional readings - to learn about the main subject.
The course was excellent as it helped me a lot because I deal with a similar subject in my dissertation in my postgraduate International Relations. I would definitely recommend it.
A very helpful course, understanding the definition of terrorism, but also understand what are differences between terrorism and counterterrorism and what it takes to prevent them.
it is a very useful course  for the beginners. this course might be improved by adding one week for talking about the empirical literature on terrorism in political science field.
The best online course I have ever had.  Lots of information on the subject, 
engagin, very well presented.Edwin, thank you, well done and I am looking forward for more from you.
I loved the fact that we could achieve the course in our own timings and I obviously love the whole course, the lectures, the videos, I couldn´t feel more satisfied and grateful!
It is a great experience and has been developed very efficiently to provide a valuable tool for the insight and education of a very important phenomenon in the global community.
Quality course for those who want to know and understand the basics about terrorism, counter-terrorism, pros and cons of studying these phenomena, and foreign fighters as well.
One of the best courses ever. Enjoyed the Structural Architecture of each module, term analysis, supplementary reading material, polls, even transcripts.Thank You very much!
Great! It was one of the best distance learning courses I ever did. The working platform, with interactive videos and memorizing exercises, was very good.  Congratulations!
This course is by far the most professional, extensive online MOOC course I have ever had the pleasure to take. I look forward to continuing my studies in Terrorism and CT.
An excellent course and the lecturer is outstanding! The course gave me the opportunity to better understand the horrors of terrorism and the possibilities against terror.
This class was very informative and gave balance to the sensationalistic reporting of the media. I think the world would be a better place if more people took this course.
Loved the time I spent studying this course, if I was going to evaluate it on terms of the title sayings "it's all and more"How is it more? I am already hungry for more :D
Really deep, complete. The efforts of the creators can be seen at first view. Congratulations to Dr. Bakker for the clases and the lectures. The best course I've ever had!
it's very  wonderful to share this great mooc with academic people like you really i learned  more ideas and it gives me a big power to continue this studies thank you .
Thank you for this extensive and very accessible overview of the field of terrorism studies. I particularly appreciated the variety of recommended articles and sources.
The Course is really good. The presentation is intense and clearly structured. I would specifically emphasize the quality of the required and recommended reading lists.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course! Great material and excellent lectures, would highly recommend for anyone interested in the topics of terrorism and counter-terrorism.
This course was very informative and helped to solidify the knowledge that I had coming into the course. I would recommend this course to anyone from novice to expert.
This is a truly amazing course! It's hard to believe that I learned more in this free course than my terrorism course for mu undergraduate degree in criminal justice.
I enjoyed a lot this curse, I learn many things I didn't know before I take it, I bought the book, and really it was helped me a lot. Congratulations for a great job.
Thank you for this course. It was very interesting and informative.  As a second-year student in college, I seriously started thinking about going into this field.
Insightful, well delivered, excellent resources and recommended readings - very professional and thorough. In particular the lectures are meticulously structured.
An excellent course with great insight into the field. It is well-suited not only to experts, students and policymakers; but, most of all, to the active citizen.
Lovely course for both beginners and experienced students and practitioners of terrorism and counter-terrorism studies.  Would definitely recommend this course!
Very well structured. Information-wise very wide and interesting, very recommendable if you come from political science, war studies or international relations.
Superb! After six weeks, I've survived and of course enjoyed the readings and lectures. I've learned a lot  in this course. Thank you Professor Bakker and team.
Excellent course. Rich content, great lecturer, good mix of video, reading, interaction, quizzes and assignments. I can't wait to move onto Cybersecurity next!
An interesting and in-depth course that covers a good range of material, with a wealth of interesting and informative readings to support the lecture material.
A well-rounded and properly structured course that serves as an ideal introduction, albeit with considerable depth, to terrorism and counter-terrorism studies.
Provides sufficient academic research material and coherent classes sticking strictly to the theme and even venturing to tips about further academic research
This course will provide me with an excelent opportunity to learn about a phenomenon that is so influential in our everyday lives. Thank you for this chance!
Great experience and very informative course. now i know something about terrorism and its main factors. thanks to professor for clear and concise teaching.
Exceptional. One of the best courses I have had on Coursera. The pace is good and the videos and readings are topical and approachable. Highly recommended!
I found the course to be informative and very well presented. In fact, it was better than courses that I have paid for in Canada. Well done and thank you.
Excellent course. I have just finished week 1 and started week 2. It's very well structured and I'm looking forward to learning new things in this field.
i think that topics like these are really interesting and for me is important that people know and understand what and why is happening this in the world
This course was extremely challenging, but it definitely opened my eyes up to the world of terrorism, and I definitely recommend this course to anybody.
It was very nice, enriching and educational to have interacted with other people, in addition to having had such excellent tutors.thanks LEIDEN !!!!!!!
An excellent course that gave me some great ideas for my dissertation on A Comparison of Public Support for Moderate and Extreme Terrorism.  Thank you.
I really like the professor, i like the course and i like how he presents it - one of the best online courses i've joined so far! Thank you very much!
Im a Criminologist graduate and I really learn lots of interesting things about terrorism and counterterrorism that make me growth as a professional.
Excellent course with absolutely no political bias whatsoever. Very well planned and delivered with excellent insights and well-rounded viewpoints.
A good course,it is a bit out of date and some links to external sites do nolonger work.But in general good study material and nice presentations.
Excellent introduction & exploration in the analysis of terrorism & counterterrorism. The course also provides interesting readings. Recommended!
Easy to follow, very enlightening course. Highly recommended to get an academic understanding of terrorims and refrain from reiterating myths.
it is the most valuable course in my view. it is so practical in its approach towards terrorism and counterterrorism. very much Prof Edwin Ba
Excellent Course! you can understand the conflicts and the highlights on the press, thanks to the theory about terrorism and counterterorrism
An excellent course with rich pedagogy and informed insight into terrorism and counter-terrorism. Easily one of the best courses on Coursera.
Extensive and deep course with great discussion from a non-military viewpoint - very well presented and managed to build strong engagement.
For those of you who want to have a better insight about terrorism and counter-terrorism..Already welcome to all the new fellow students..
Great course, really helps get a firm grasp on the concept of defining terrorism in context to regional conflict and sociological climate.
Very interesting! I would suggest to non-native speakers, take into account a bit more time then the recommended time for the readings.
This was a very well put together class! It had so much to offer and really brought a major slew of terrorism studies to the forefront.
I took this course when ISIS was starting to better understand the current world issues, I ended up learning much more than I expected.
As an introductory course, the lessons were an enriching experience. I hope there will be subsequent courses at a more advanced level!
Thank you. The course was very useful and contemporary in the information it provided about current events in the international arena.
Love this couse, love how explain things.The best is that is open all the time and i can go to school, work and then take this course.
Very useful course. Instructor is very good. They way instructor taught is simple & very helpful. Thank you for this friendly course.
Well shaped course. I can follow along without getting bored easily. Very useful and insightful into today's issues with terrorism.
Great! Openminded and a place where you can learn things from different areas, such a geography, history o sociology... Weel done!
This is a wonderful course. I obtained all the knowledge necessary to start working in this field of International Relations.
A good introductory course for beginners, and a refresher and knowledge enhancement course for experienced CT practitioners.
Very interesting and deep course. It dramaticly changed my view on terrorism and the study of terrorism. Strongly recommend!
Super introduction to modern terrorism, with explanations to how LE and other institutions perceive and mitigate terrorists.
Excellent course, incredibly interesting and really a very useful insight particularly with the way our world is currently
A most interesting and insightful course. The quizzes challenge the student, and give opportunity for individual thinking.
I learned a great deal during this course and really appreciate all the hard work/time that went into creating it.
Very professionally taught, a great variety of topics, not easy to pass, lean for life ! I strongly recommend it !
The lectures are very clear and the readings extremely interesting, including many articles written by top experts
Excellent course! Professors Edwin Bakker and Jeanine de Roy van Zuijdewijn conducted the subject in superb way.
I really enjoyed doing this course and i learnt a lot of things. Im sure this is going to help me in the future.
Fantastic course. I learned incredible concepts. Incredible content. Great instructor, extremely well qualified.
THIS COURSE IS SO INFORMATIVE AND HELPS TO LEARN A LOT ABOUT THE BASICS OF THE TERRORISM AND COUNTER-TERRORISM.
Great theoretical foundation for everyone interested in the field of terrorism and counterterrorism! Excellent.
Very interesting course, I have a new vision of terrorism and counter-terrorism after completing this course.
I enjoyed this course thoroughly. It gave me new insights into this domain which is comparatively new to me.
This course is simply AMAZING! Wish they had more and that one could pursue a degree via distance learning.
Very interesting topic given by an excellent lecturer. Readings and course video's complement one another.
My first course here on Coursera and I am completely satisfied with both the lectures and the professor.
It's a good introduction. Being green in this subject, it really changes my understanding of terrorism.
Very good course. A lot of useful information and a great subject to take in todays globalized world.
A very in-depth skim of the beginning of a new trend in study and how we view another uneasy subject.
Thank you for the course, it was very interesting! Where I can find my certification of this course?
Extremely clear and well presented course. Congratulations to the team who made such a good course.
I highly recommend this course if you are interested in the terrorism and counterterrorism topic.
An excellent course. I would highly recommend it to anyone interested in the counter - terrorism.
The course is not only an  eye opener, full of reflections and knowledge.I recommend this course.
very useful and well elaborated core for the individual who are interested in terrorism studies.
Great and interesting course for learn more about terrorism, his history and the situation today
A great overview and introduction to the theory and practice of terrorism and counter-terrorism.
A really well organised training which I really enjoyed! A big compliment for all contributors!
A very interesting course for anybody who wants to understand the reasons of terrorism nowadays
This will answer many questions you have about what is going on these days regarding terrorism.
Excellent course, well presented somewhat challenging which is exactly what I was looking for.
Thought provoking and interesting course which was presented exceptionally well.  Worth taking
Edwin Bakker did a great course. If you are interested in (Counter-)Terrorism Studies, enroll.
Thank you! Prof. & TA's .. Awesome Course to give good Foundation to Understand the Concepts.
Great course and the videos and materials were very helpful and will continue to be helpful.
Excellent course, especially for an introduction to scholarly research sources on the topic.
An excellent course on terrorism and counter terrorism. would like to recommend to friends.
Very helpfull course. Give you a good base on the world of terrorism and counterterrorism.
Overall a complete course on terrorism and counterterrorism, well organized and presented.
It helps me a lot to understand why terrorism happens and how to deal with these problems.
Build up a comprehensive and rational understanding about terrorism and counter-terrorism.
Love the class. Very informative. I just wish there were easier ways to prevent terrorism.
I really enjoyed this course! The structure was great, each element explained very well.
One of the most interesting courses! Very good scientific approach and useful lectures!
I Loved the experience, the lectures and everybody on the course were great thanks...
A course that challenges your vision about terrorism and the approaches to counter it
Interesting, well thought, broad and deep, a must for anyone interested in the topic.
This course is very assertive, imparting a great amount of knowledge and very useful.
Eye - opening course in the field of terrorism, separating the facts from the myths.
I enjoyed listening to professor Bakker. Thanks for sharing your knowledge with us.
one of the best, if not  "the", MOOC on this topic. A must do for all practitioners
Very interesting, good videos and reading material. Loved learning about terrorism.
This Course made me lear about a very interesing topic. I feel satisfied and happy!
I got a lot new information that's very useful for me. Thank you for this course!
excellent i am now better informed and feel able toaplly my learning to practice.
Very nice Course, complete information and easy explanation for all the concepts.
It was very good class.  I ordered several of the books including Dr. Bakker's.
Good teacher, objective approach, interesting, informative and enough material.
Thoroughly enjoyed the course. Very pertinent material and interesting videos.
It´s a great course that makes posible to know about Terrorism and it´s causes
I like this course... very interesting, well structured and nothing boring....
Very good! The content was relevant and it helped me with my master's thesis!
Debunks a lot of assumptions people have.  Tells you how terrorism really is.
Excellent course. You learn the basics about terrorism and counter terrorism.
Very informative. Highly recommended to everyone! Can`t wait for the updates.
Really great overview and introduction to a tricky and ever changing subject!
This course was so interesting. I learnt a lot and enjoyed every part of it.
I like this teacher.the point is very clearand it,s so simple to understand
Great course, I really recommend it! Excellent didactic and good materials.
It was a very comprehensive and thought-provoking course.  I recommend it.
Excellent course, somewhat ruined by discussion forum inappropriateness.
Not only very interesting, also very professional! High level education.
Excellent course. Organized and with teaching materials of good quality.
Useful, interesting and important course of high quality. To recommend!
One of the best courses in this area.Thanks for this great opportunity.
awesome! would love more moocs on security and international relations
Exceptional and Expository Course. I RECOMMEND THIS FOR POLICY MAKERS
Great course ! Really loved the simplicity of content and the scope.
Absolutely accurate and a well-done introductory course. Great Job!
A real addition for every student studying something international!
Excellent course! Leiden University's courses are great as always!
I like this course so much. I think I am learning a lot of things.
A Fundamental to Terrorism and Counter-terrorism. Helps me a lot.
Great course with a lot of  interesting details and infromations.
Excellent Course! Very thought provoking and full of information.
Great interactive course with a nice approach to difficult topic.
Amazing teaching and reading files. Having a great time learning.
Understand a little more about terrorism as the current conflict
Great Course, updated information perfect source to understand t
An extremely interesting course very well presented and organize
very good course. i only had an issue with the peer review bit.
Interesting course that I thoroughly enjoyed. Would recommend.
Its excellent practice for the knowledge of counter terrorism.
An insightful introduction to terrorism and counterterrorism.
Questions during the video lectures make it very interactive!
It's really comprehensive, fun, and helpful at the same time!
Much better than expected. Thank you, professor Edwin Bakker.
Excellent class and content very current to my line of work.
Very clearly explained course with nice videos and material.
Professor Bakker knows his stuff when it comes to terrorism.
Great information with current threats and studies explored.
informative and makes u think on several issues  critically
nice background info about terrorism and counter terrorism.
vey very interesting, thank a lot for all this knowledges !
great course and has helped me learn answers to questions i
Well done, well explained, and very interesting assignments
This is a most interesting course which I highly recommend
Excellent, timely information from a five star instructor.
This was a great course with excellent material for study.
Excellent explainations, graphics and methodology to learn
Very clear lectures, interesting material. Learned a lot.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course, merci Professor Bakker
Good course with possibility to follow on your own time.
Fantastic and incredibly insightful course on terrorism.
Verry good, high amount of knoweledge and expirience !
Great course, enjoyed the content and the instruction!
really interesting course, well thought trough, great!
most helped online course, easily learn from anywhere
Helps a lot when it comes to terrorism and the causes
A very substantial course. Kudos to Professor Bakker
Very interesting, a little challenging but worth it!
Excellent oppurtunity to learn and explore the topic
This is a great course even for non-english speakers
great course, very informative and fantastic teach
Great work , excellent investigation and research.
Very helpful and insightful topics. Great course!
The prof is very good in explaining the concepts.
Great course, very interesting,  I recommend it.
Excellent course and highly recommended to all!
Excellent, insightful thought provoking course
A good course for specialiste and reseachers.
Very usefull concepts and practice knowledge.
it was a wonderful experience. Thank you all
Beautiful course. Really enjoyed it. Useful.
EXCELENTE MATERIAL, MUY DIDÁCTICO CONTENIDO
I am thoroughly enjoying the course so far.
Excellent to know this for risk management
Great course. Great teacher. Great modules
Very good course with lots of engagement
Highly beneficial and educating course.
good course that acted as an eye opener
I´d really prefer videos than readings.
Highly informative and engaging course!
Accidentally selected the wrong course
Very good teacher and Theme discussion
Very interesting course I recommend it
A challenging but learning experience.
Very good course and really practical
Best course you can have in the teme!
Great course. I really learned a lot!
Excellent Course. Very Knowledgeable
oncise, to the point and up to date.
Very interesting. Excelent teachers.
A good overview on Terrorism issue.
Great contents and better professor
Very informative. Great Instructor.
An excellent course for beginners.
Very interesting and easy to take
Very interesting and informative.
Great course! You'll learn a lot!
Absolutely brilliant course. :)
Very complete and interesting!
I have no words to say thanks
Great course. Recommended!
Fascinating and very clear
Well worth the time spent!
Solid foundational course!
Very very interesting!!!!
Very nice course, easy to
very clear，great course
Interesting compilation
More than interesting!
Thank you Prof Bakker!
Holistic and relevant
Loved it learnt a lot
I LOVE THIS COURSE
Awesome material!
you have to watch
Phenomenal!
