Really excellent materials and links but spoiled by typos on the videos and in the quiz questions.  I'm sure some of the quiz answers conflicted with what had been said in the videos.
I don't mean to be harsh, but this course is increibly boring and sluggish. The reading material is heavy, the lecturers speak so slowly and dispassionately that it's impossible to engage with the subject.I'm sure that there is really good content here, but I couldn't find it.
This course is lack of content. What's worse? The teachers just say all the sentences on their slides. A terrible teaching style with poor content. Please don't take this course. It's a waste of time.
Not a practical and very boring course.
The content was rather dry, but it got more interesting towards the end. Lots of reading material was then directly covered in the video directly following, so it seemed a bit unorganized in that way. At the end of the course, I do not feel like I'm walking away with a toolkit on how to manage. I feel more so like I'm walking away with a new glossary of terms from most of the course. The most engaging and practical information I gained was during the HR, conflict and payment sections.
This course was my first in Coursera. I have to say that the format is really good, with a mixture of videos, papers to read and quiz. But in this case, not all was good, and I think there is a huge lack of organization. In particular, there were a lot of paper so long and complicated. Probably it would be better to integrate/divide with some videos. Also I found some parts very academic: why we should remember all the pubblication so detailed? In the end I found less praticatal then expected. I will not buy the certificate, I am sorry.
Can't recommend this course. It rarely manages to fill concepts with practical or real life implementations and examples. Reading material is sometimes laughably bad, always provided with no clear objective as to what the aim is (one chapter links to an almost 200 page document). Videos contain outtakes and leave the impression that the first take that wasn't completely jinxed was used. Material contains many typos and generally leaves the impression of being quickly thrown together.
There was some very interesting content in this course, however: I strongly feel that the reading should be updated. Also, a very annoying thing: the many spelling and grammar errors in the quizzes at the end of each week that sometimes make it difficult to understand the intention of the question.
I learned very little from what i knew before. it's definitely a beginner course, and a lot of it is common sense. learned some new theories and ideas behind managing.
It’s called a practical guide, yet there’s a lot of theory and reading involved. I’m disappointed, I was expecting more examples
Quite a dry and boring course.  A lot of obvious content delivered in flowery language.
Course was very academic and not as practical as the title suggested.
Not a lot of interaction with other classmates.  The material was a good refresher.  Would have enjoyed more practical applications for homework.  I thought there would be a bit more evidence based information as stated.  Overall, good for newbies into management and a nice little refresher.
If you are looking for a refresher course this would suit however it will not likely offer any insights or knowledge you wouldn't already have if you have worked as a manager for any period of time. Most of what it presents is common sense that has been formally structured. The course is well framed and the reading material is interesting however it is also covered in the video lectures so unnecessary. The lectures themselves were very dry. It would help if the lecturers would look at the camera and engage with the audience rather than unnaturally reading a script off to the side.I would recommend this course for someone starting out who has no prior experience in management and would like to get a handle on the basics.
There is a lot of useful information. However, some ways of evaluation are not that appropriate. I don't get the feeling that I was really tested and can't be sure that I've got all the necessary information as in the test I was asked who said that, or who was the founder of a theory. The course is aimed at being relevant at practice and this doesn't give the feeling of getting useful information for practice as you are asked about certain theories and names. There is also a lot of not interesting and to my mind not useful reading which could be presented in a more interactive way.
The course provides you with very basic knowledge on people management/HRM within the organisation perspective. Topics could be covered deeper and wider and the course materials could be more relevant and updated (we have some articles and textbooks dated 2003).Could be useful for those who has little or no experience in people and organisational management, otherwise I would recommend to find a more extensive and comprehensive course.
The course was good for a basic understanding of management and will help frame my approach to management in the future. Unfortunately, a lot of the literature felt dated. For example, it referenced a 1970's paper stating women and men place different values on pay at work. I question the relevance of this 50 years later... In fact, I don't think any of the literature was written in this century.
I think this was a good overview of managing people at work, and thought provoking in the most basic of sense- it draws awareness to the multiple facets of managing people that one may or may not have had to think about in their own daily life. I thought the reading was a bit deep and unnecessary to pass the course but it was a good supplement for those who want to delve deeper on their own time.
Most of the material presented was pretty much common sense, but still a good reinforcement. The quality of the course materials was pretty low though; there were lots of typos, bad grammar, bad speaking habits on the videos, and broken links for the required reading. I suggest that the program administrators fix these ASAP to reinforce the learning objectives of the course.
Although this is not a bad cpourse, I think there are others out there that are better, and more worthy of your spare time. I have given a more detailed review of this course plus a few others offered by coursera on by blog, as linked below:https://rubicksjourneys.wordpress.com/2019/01/27/review-2-coursera-org-online-management-and-energy-courses/
The course has given me a brief understanding of how to manage people at workplace and made me realise the various issues pertaining to the workplace. It's  good to know these facts beforehand itself as it will help us do better at our workplace.
Mostly interesting but some of the readings were very long, waffly and tedious. Week 4 was quite boring. It didn't really say anything useful. Just a framework and vocabulary for thinking about employee evaluation and development.
For a person approaching this from a political science perspective, this course did provides some interesting insights into how management theory works, though there were shortcoming in the vagueness of Managing Conflict at Work.
The concepts are good but the presentation is average. I personally enjoyed only the leadership, decision theory and performance management sections. The questionnaires for other sections are very poorly crafted.
I was hoping this would be something that I could apply immediately but for me it was a bit more theoretical and not practical.  I found it interesting but not something I can apply immediately at work.
There were links that were recommended reading material, especially ones that pointed to a CIPD site. None of them opened. and despite raising it in forum, there was no response from instructors.
A number of grammatical errors and contradictions in source materials. Additionally a number of source materials are no longer available. Overall however, it is a good overview course.
The Course was fine. I would have rated it better if there were more practical examples, advice and real-life situations rather than so much theory.
Useful content but a very boring teaching style... Needs a better rhythm and more dynamic exercises to practice what you learn.
some charts on the presentation would be a good reinforcement to the course information.
Not a particular engaging course, and not helped by typos in notes.Informative.
Did only the quizes and still passed the course - not a very high level
Not as good, engaging, or thorough as University of Michigan's.
Plenty of great information that will help in the work area.
very engaging course. I learned a lot.
A bit too uninteresting and too basic
Sometimes a bit too academic in the questions, is it really important to know a study was published in a certain Harvard publication, or the name of the person who wrote the study?
Good content, good videos but it could be, at times, a little bit more practical, with concrete examples.
this course is a wonderful start to learn about HR concept
This was an interesting course that covered many subjects on the surface but with an emphasis on key parameters that have to be monitored and focused on to improve performance. However, I was hoping more from the last part on solving conflict. A few real examples of conflict with a brief analysis on their causes and possible solutions could have helped us (the students) to develop strategies of our own. Instead the last part is more like a study of the different types of conflicts and general methods.
Globally very good course. It presents many well-explained and broad contents which are necessary in a beginner toolkit for up-to-be managers. However, some of the supposed-to be given material is missing, and despite some solicitations it has not been provided. Moreover, some powerpoint material is not particularly well done and sometimes is nothing more than a transcription of the videos. Nevertheless, I think I have learnt a lot thanks to what presented here.
It is good & valuable learning for me which help to managing my subordinate at workplace. There are many levels of process & factors to motivate the team and improve the performance in the organization. Very Practical information given in the learning session & each and every points relate to the managerial skill improvements. But as an Indian the faculty English pronunciation little bit difficult to understand & its manageable
Very Good to learn from the session. Lectures are really presentable and tone of voice is  good to caught up from other countries' learners. Very informative and deep inside the course. Thank you for letting me learn in here and refer to certificate purchase which is could not effort-able in recent pandemic period. Letting me increase my knowledge step by step, Sir.
Great material, focus on research and evidence.They could do better with real human-like teaching, instead of just a person reading a text for you.I loved the role play examples, made things easier to understand.I didn't enjoy having the reading material, as generally, reading is not my best skill. Which is why I prefer Coursera courses instead of reading books.
I enjoyed this course very much. The videos and examples were great. I have learned so much that I can take forward with me. Online reading was a bit much at times an call me old fashioned but I wish I had a book to flip through, or the handout toolkit itself. Having said that, this has been the best free course I have undertaken and I want to go further.
It has been a very insightful and  impactful course I have have taken yet. I will strongly recommend this course for every manager irrespective of the number of staff, small, medium  or large organization.You also need this in managing even conflicts  in the home and society in general, not just in the work place. The principles for me cut across board.
One or two of the assessment questions have a few mistakes in them or I felt were poorly worded. Some of the links provided direct you to content which is no longer hosted online or is out of date, which could be down to the age of the course. This didn't affect learning too much and on the whole was a good course.
Good content, especially the week about pay as a motivator. However, many of the assessments are lacking in both difficulty and clarity. The assessments contain confusing language and are sometimes based on trivia (e.g." Dr. Scott wrote in 1942 that.... (or is it 1964, 1859)"). Who cares?
The course seems great with explaining situations in a dramatic way but lacks the pictorial representation of many concepts which in turn is difficult for students from different domains to grasp certain topics.  Please try to provide a ppt sort of thing whilst explaining concepts.
The teaching sessions are well done and informative. There are a great many spelling and grammar mistakes, as well as broken links to reading materials (some seem to not be working for years already when I took a look at comments in the discussion forums. This, to me, is a no-go).
Last Week course was not clear the lecture(she) was just reading like a robot i felt.Please add some examples like other weeks explanation.Thank you for the entire course it added a great knowledge for me and it will be helpful for me to practically implement in the workplace.
This course is carefully designed to teach the students the most essential skills that an emerging manager needs. I found the tutorials comprehensively prepared and the instructor speaks accurately and fluently. I encourage all those who want to step into the management field.
Very good course for outlining introduction to management. A bit more care in the production of questions and information is needed to ensure it makes sense. Occasionally there are spelling and grammatical errors, which may deter certain individuals from passing the course.
This is a great course. Recommended for new learner of the subject as well as anyone who wants to refresh their skill with some great lecture on managing people at work. Hope this course will include some handout/summary notes and video variety for the students in future.
Very good course for managers looking to learn how to improve their managers skills. I'd remove the section that talks about the hiring process because for modern companies this is part of the HR Department, and we as managers, don't usually have  a decision over that.
I really enjoyed this course. The only negative was Week 5 on the role of pay as a motivator as this is not relevant in my line of work. I particularly enjoyed the final week on conflict management and think that this will be of the most use to me in my job role.
It is good and engaging at basics level. I generally found it quite good for re-establishing things I already knew, in a slightly different perspective. Really good course for someone looking at the basics of management, with some good oversight and direction
Overall useful, helped to understand both the actions of those above me in my organization as well as ways to approach those below me. As a person that rose to management with no education in this field, it was interesting to see an academic approach.
It was a great management course and I got new knowledge. The only thing I could recommend to add more practical assignments, not only tests and for some professors to speak with less strong accent. But generally, I'm happy that I took this course.
The whole course is designed in a very engaging manner. It provides an opportunity to engage with the subject material in a much closer way. It also gives us ample space to think for ourselves and understand how others think.
The course serves as an introductory session to various management theories, loaded full of scholarly journals for those who wish to dwell deeper into each sub-topic. Overall, it can be very useful freshly minted managers.
Thank you very much for your extensive, comprehensive yet briefly course offered by you.This adds confidence to my practical knowledge, tuning up and provides a demonstrable certification from your esteem organization.
The course was very interesting and well structured. The lecturers were very competent and the topics were presented nicely. I would appreciate more practical examples, i.e. how some of the recommended technics for m
An Excellent course, And I actually enjoyed the quizzes as it gave me an opportunity to apply what I had learnt. I have never considered doing online learning before, but now I am on the look out for my next course!
Insightful and challenging course. I would certainly recommend it to all new managers. It’s strength lies in the wide theoretical base that the course draws from and that you can adapt it to suit your environment.
Good content but not always very well conveyed. At times I had the feeling the support material was a little bit "unprofessional" or rushed in its preparation. All in all still a good course anyway.
Enjoyed this course thoroughly. However, it was hard to understand a few lecturers, others made it so interested you understood immediately. Definitely will recommend this course.
Very good course to gain a good overview of the topic, however some resources that are listed in the reading section can not be found following the provided links like in week 6.
Thank you for opportunity to share your point of view on different HR procceses, its nature, differences and ways to managing it. So broad, friendly course with nice speakers.
Good content that I can put into practice immediately. There are numerous typos and grammatical errors in the assessments, which make this educational institution look bad.
I loved the course.The best part of each week of the course was the  long quiz.I also enjoyed the two -question test after almost every chapter.I have really learnt a lot!
This is a great introductory course on some of the core subjects that managers face. They provide a good list of references so you can build your library of resources.
This course gives me a lot of interesting articles. And also some kinds of insights to deal with work.And most of all, it's gives me confidence in work places.
Love that there are clear examples of structure and unstructured job interviews By providing comparison videos. It is easy to understand, fun and visualize.
This course was very interesting, there are some key take aways. For me, it would have been nice to have a few more practical skills in this course.
Very helpful course which i wish i had taken before.  I found very helpful tips and pieces of knowledge that one can apply/use in every day life.
Really wonderful course and have clearly defined people management skills with examples.I recommend to enroll the course & build your career
Some topics were touched only at the surface. However, overall it is a good place to start exploring the topics that you are interested in.
I enjoyed the wide range of topics presented.  Taking away a few key elements to utilize in my role of Sales Manager will be supportive.
The last week of the course is a little bit unstuctured because the last professor didn’t use slides or schemes. It was hard to follow.
I really enjoyed this course. I found its content to be extremely interesting and enjoyed all the presentations and reading material.
Some units are better than others, namely the week 4 & 6 are to be improved - too dry and academic. also needs more in-video slides.
Good refresher if you are already in a management role and want to hone your skills and gain some new tools and theory information.
Overall good. Helpful for individuals aspiring for skill developments. It help me to understand the next level of work culture.
More practical information, examples and cases about conflict management and resolving certain situations will be a huge plus.
Really nice course. It is interesting how approaches vary in courses from different countries and centers. Thank you
It was awesome going though the course. Really focused on evidence based management. Huh! That's great experience.
I thought it was good content and very informtional. I love it and you gave good notes throught the power point.
I honestly do appreciate and love this course outline, systematic, easy to understand and very insightful
Really good however not stratighforard with the replies necessary. Really enjoyed completing this course
Clear and based on studies result which is a big plus. Graphics or any visual aid will be an add-value.
This course was really satisfying as it explained the basic concepts in an easy and impressive manner.
in this course i get the full knowledge of how human resource are manage people in any organization
A good course for understanding the basics of various theories in Human Resources. Well explained.
Excellent course, gained additional knowledge & very much enjoyed SMART project assignment.
It is a good refresher course for practitioners and should be really helpful for beginners
Week 6 teaching was a bit long, otherwise a very interesting and inquisitive course.
it was very use full session for manager's & how to improve the same at workplace.
Helpful information, even for those who've been in a manager role for some time.
very well conducted. better than many courses i attended in  a class room.
It was really good experience to learn here so much for the future job.
A good course for anyone who needs leadership and management skills.
Fair details Interview, Pay as a motivator, Conflict resolution
The content is good, but the materials are not fully prepared.
Some files did not open properly, presenting technical issues.
Give me better understanding of managing people at work.
Good Course to understand People Management at work.
Good overview for someone new to people management.
the course was interesting but very theoretical.
This is more for management too create policy.
Really good, informative, easy to work through
Nice introduction to human resource management
Great! I truly enjoyed the course. Well done.
could have more material/slides for support
Great course!Definitely will recommend it.
It is very useful and easy to understand.
Is good guide for to learn many tecnics
Informative and easy to
Great starting point !
Very informational
It was insightful.
Extremely Useful
Useful enough.
Totally great
worthy
An excellent course. Enhances skills of the managers to handle people effectively and using human resources efficiently to achieve the organizational and the individual employees' goals.
it very helpful course for any manager to understand a team and also what factors will motivate them to perform well in organisation. it will also inculcate the habit of fairness with high
This course has given me information and resources to add in my personal toolkit to better manage and aid my team to a better understanding and less conflict.  Very practical information.
An Excellent course, I was amazed at how much was included ! And actually enjoyed the quizzes as it gave me an opportunity to apply what I had learnt. I have never considered doing online learning before, but now I am on the look out for my next course!
A great toolkit and guide to manage people at work, whether he may be your colleague, your boss or your super boss.Although I have been through this topics during my management sessions, this course refreshed the sessions again.This course will help you to know, how to handle a situation at work, when it comes to Leadership, Decision Making, Pay Structure or incentives, handling conflicts at your workplace, and many more.Would recommend readers to go through the course as it covers all the basics and handy things to manage at your workplace.
this course was so interesting and good planned, so I couldn't do anything else in my spare time other than watching this course and answering (simple) questions. Except just one week, this course is build very well. It is also a short one, but gives a good perspective to various topics in Management, Social and Organizational Psychology. I totally recommend taking it for all, not only managers, but all who wants to improve their day-to-day communications, goal setting and mentoring.
Thank you for providing an excellent introduction to managing people at work. I have found some really good ideas and resources from this course that I will be using in my current job.
I enjoyed the lectures from every professor. Excellent course for aspiring Managers or Small business owners.
Loved the example sit
This course has helped me a lot in understanding a lot of things about management. I highly recommend this to people who are managing people and to those who are interested in working with teams.
I love this course because it gives me a lot of practical knowledge and understandings regarding managing people at workplace. It also provides me a lot of additional documents and information.
This was an amazing course! It was very informative! I enjoyed learning through out the course! I especially loved the assessments! Thank you Coursera!
I was very enthusiastic
to follow this inspiring course delivered by the prestigious University of London (Birkbeck) about “How to Manage People at work”.Dr. Chris Dewberry, Lecturer and
Course Director did an absolute and fantastic job by presenting this course and
sharing recommendable & actionable strategies.This course isn’t solitary for
ongoing learners seeking to add or master their managerial position, but
its also advocated for employee(s) searching better work environment and performance
by understanding the HR theories, policies and procedures.By understanding
their views and Performance Management strategies, any employee(s) will positively
benefits the outcome of this outstanding course.I really loved the different
video’s involving actors, showcasing different scenario’s/situations of well-known work cases.The video recording and HD production, is very well prepared!I was highly impressed by the excellent teaching sessions from Katerina Penna (Teaching numbers of HR related
modules for the University of London's Human Resource Management Program
provided by Birkbeck).Last but not least, I was wonderfully impressed
by the charismatic Dr.
Juliet Hassard advices and strategies. (lecturer in Occupational Health Psychology
and Deputy Director of the Center for Sustainable Working Life at Birkbeck College, University of London).This is an unconditional stellar
course and; unquestionably deserve a flawless 5 star rating!!!!!
I want to really  say a big thanks to the management of the institution for the knowledge the team impacted in me through the online course. The course excellent and also it is an eye opener to me in particular how to manage the people at work not at work only it will also help me how to manage the people am directing in the society and including how to manage my family.The material to study was reach and the video was excellent and clear and the instructors language audio was clear and also the assessment question was very good. I really enjoy the course. Finally I will say keep the flag flying Thanks.
Great course, excellent content, and excellent instructors.  The only negative feedback I would have is on week 6 where the production value of the videos plummeted dramatically.  There were also more grammatical errors in the assessments in week 6 specifically.Role-play videos were quite entertaining.Additional reading was suggested in each unit which was great - however there were no links for where to access the additional reading online so I was not able to take advantage of it.
It was indeed a stupendous learning experience in pursuing this course.The course contents and lectures are really exhaustive and provides a wonderful hands on experience on to professional managing affairs of the globally competitive corporations. Prof. Dewberry needs a special appluad for creating n deliberating such a wonderful enrichening course..Really enjoyed the course to the fullest..RegardsDr. Anurag MittalAssociate Professor in Management,INDIA
A really well-structured and organized course about key points of being a good manager. Describes managing styles, dealing with conflicts at the workplace, etc. Many resources are provided in the form of book chapters, articles and PP slides. The only thing I think of now to improve would be to add some key points during the video to help with better understanding and making it a little easier to note or remember something.
Love the course, I've learnt a lot from it. Like the way that it has consisted of videos, reading of articles, and the quiz. So I would be forced to think about the concepts learnt several times during the course, which would help me in understanding fully and remembering the concepts learnt. Thank you very much for setting up the course, it is very useful for me, as being a manager of a team of 10 in the financial sector.
I enjoyed the course. It allowed me to learn at my own pace, I also enjoyed the fact that I could download the videos and the reading material for future reference. The list of recommended reading material was very helpful and definitely welcomed.  The different theories took me back to my years back in varsity...grateful to have go  touched on them again. Looking forward to applying what i  learnt in my workplace.
Excellent introduction of the key concepts for managing people at work.  Presenters did a great job of explaining the lessons in an easy to understand way and used appropriate role pay scenarios to demonstrate points.  The readings and lecture slides were really useful too.  I sure I will be referring back to these notes again in the future when the need arises.  Thank you to the university staff for this course.
It is difficult to understand English lecturer at first time, however, thank you for recent technology I could manage to have scripts which can help me  to understand what they were talking about. I really enjoy the course. I decide I would like to have Organizational Psychology which is really linking my job and I would like to extend my group company HR. Of course I am getting older, this must me my life work.
Excellent course. It helps me with identifying the most essential factor in the organization which is the employees themselves. Crucial understanding of different needs by employees is the pinnacle of organizational success. if an organization managed to obtain the needs of employees, then automatically the organization can gain a competitive advantage.Thank you University of London.
As a beginner when it comes to studying organizational management, I learned a lot in this course. Specific examples of events and situations helped me to easily understand the different concepts related to management. It also helped me to assess the weaknesses and strengths of management system n our company. I'm looking forward and excited to take more lessons about management.
I have learnt a that some conflicts are healthy in a work place to foster team work and also achieve organisational goals. I also learnt that pay raise is not an ultimate form of motivation as perceived  and can even demotivate employees in certain circumstances and a whole lot of other things. The whole course in its entirety was great. Am so glad i did not miss it.
Good experience and good knowledge in this course.Thanks for all information in this course sir thanks.But my 1problem in this courseWhen i am starting this course its free now i am complete my course i can not get my certificate because i have no mony i am a student i am not employee. SO i request to u plz give i am my course complete course certificate . Plz
Most helpful and most refreshing practical guidance to the best practices in managing people at work.  Very helpful and I strongly recommend for all managers and at all levels to take this course.  In today's fast changing work place environment, it is most appropriate to refresh and discuss perspectives and practices and maximize organizational performance.
The name says it all, this course works as a pragmatic approach on basic manager problems. It provides you with Evidence Based and widely used tools. Many sources are provided for you to deepen the aspect you specifically need. As an healthcare professional  without any theorical background on management, I found it straightforward and useful. Thanks a lot,
Being a leader , Building a Team, Making decisions, rewarding and managing conflicts.  Everything is here.  I like how the first part of each week is about how things used to be and then the rest of the week is about better ways.  I have worked for people that seriously needed this course.  I feel I will be a good manager from now on.  Thank you!
The manager's toolkit:
A practical guide to managing people at work was an enriching experience, in concepts and clear definitions for the development of my leadership functions, reinforcing the commitment to be a better person, a better partner, a better collaborator and to contribute to the organization my best performance.
Thank you.
Arthur.
It is a practical and interesting course, which challenges the previous held thinking that management and leadership cannot be taught. It helps also to grow one's analytical thinking with evidence based management and leadership theories. The educators are very good and the quizzes keep underscoring the most important points.
The Coursera supported online course constructed and delivered by London University, Birkbeck greatly met my current requirements within a new role and also provided more information than expected which will immediately assist me. The presentations, readings and assessment was presented on any easy to use online platform.
I could relate to all the issues that were mentioned here in this managerial training programme. I had worked on the issues at a subconscious level based on experience and application of mind. From now onwards I will be more conscious after going through all the course material here. This has been very useful for me.
I took this course to get a head start on what it means to become a manager and I've learned so much! Just from the very first week, I was well equipped with the necessary knowledge to tackle feedback I've received from interviews. I would highly recommend it if you are or want to go into Management.
Course well structured, understandable, with interesting content. I was very satisfied and with the feeling of having learned more and having more skills to understand people management at work and ways of dealing with the most diverse situations within organizations. I recommend it to everyone.
it's great opportunity to me for learning on people management  and very help full to me for taken candidate hiring ,sellecting, appraisals,management,process and policy and keep holding candidates ,and motivating skills,and extra,,,thanks to all professors for given great learning skills to me.
I really enjoyed this course.
The good thing about this course was thorough discussion with practical
visualization alongside with supplemented study materials which broaden my knowledge
on variety of aspects. And this is an absolutely gain for my further career and
personal development.
This course is a full package on management filled with lessons that can easily be put to practice by practice. I have no doubt, that any manager who's opportune to take the course and follow its teachings to the latter won't regret taking it, instead, be a better manager/leader.
This course is beneficial for all, in terms of, skills acquired or rather learned and practiced. Some of the skills that I learned are role management, conflict resolution and management and leadership qualities that requires one to be more efficient and better among others.
The course is really well structured and the materials are easily understandable. This course can come in handy for any manager or future manager to get a detailed insight into the managerial activities of an organization. I really enjoyed learning this course.
I was very happy with what I learned in this course. I thought the conflict management section was not as useful as the rest of the course as it did not give specific examples of what a manager should do (as the vignettes in other parts of the course did).
The course is very informative and practical. It  was wonderfully delivered and the knowledge and skills acquired from here will go a long way in shaping my managerial career or any any career roles that I will delve into.Thank you Team London University!
Nice course, every aspect is at a glance. The handout is well prepared also. I would recommend this course which outlines: "Interviews, Leadership and Decision Making, Performance Management, Motivation, Pay as a motivator and Managing conflict at work".
Very informative.  Really impressed with the content.  The power point presentation made it easier. Lectures are wonderful.  Role play, a plus! Exams are thorough and submitted answers are hidden so you can't cheat!! I plan on taking a few more courses.
Thank You for the course "The Manager's Toolkit: A Practical Guide to Managing People at Work ". It was interesting, useful, easy to understand and remember all new information. Short videos and presentations were greatly design and helpful. Thank You!
Some materials for individual readings are difficult to find, costly and take a lot of time. But overall course gives clear basic understanding of managerial problems. I've rethought my previous habits and looking forward to get more courses from you.
This course call my attention at first but once I've completed the 3rd week I decided to buy the certificate because it´s such an excellent course that I felt the need both to support the creators and to have the authenticity of the training with me
Brilliant course, very useful for today's workplace environment. I highly recommend this course to all People Managers and executive leadership. I have personally learned a lot and will apply this knowledge in pursuit of becoming a better manager.
I really enjoyed this course. At 59 years old, I mainly did it to see if I could.  A grade of 94% was fantastic for me and has given me the confidence to push forward with new beginnings.  Thank you Coursera and Birkbeck University of London.
This indeed is a practical guide to managing people at work. I like the manner of presentation for this course, where there are videos from instructors and notes to read which really helps in the understanding of the course. I am upgraded.
This great opportunity to me learning about People Management crose, it is very helpful to me for candidate hiring, selecting, appraisal, Management, people management ext, thankful to all professors of giving this opportunity to me.
This course is one of the best courses I've taken on this platform. The short skits in the middle were entertaining as well as informative. All the instructors have done a good job on the materials and the videos. Thank you all.
This course provided me an introduction to the basic notions of management. I really feel capable to talk about these matters with my colleagues and ask for specific information about further reading or more scientific work.
HII deeply thank you for this course, it's the best course I have had so far it's really practical and scientific one, it's really a toolkit, THANK YOU AGAIN FOR THIS BEAUTIFUL AND CONSTRUCTIVE COURSE.Best regards, ASMA
I'm totally thinking different about managing people at work from before learning and after learning. This course gives me a lots of things how to manage people and totally pleased to have this type of course completed.
Really good introduction to the topic, interesting readings followed by bite sized videos. It reinforced the knowledge I already had based on experience, and introduced me to some new methods within management.
The managers toolkit is good to understand about the employees and their character. its gave an clear idea about how will the working environment and mainly how to handle our coworkers without any problems.
This was one of the most useful courses on management I've taken so far. Really brief but always on point topics allowed me to get a sense of what's out there and what areas I might need to explore more.
I enjoyed the course, the material was well explained and addtional readings was a plus. The lecturers communicated the modules material in a concise manner.I would definitely enroll in another course.
Great content! Loved the additional materials and access to everything to help with future knowledge growth. Would recommend this course to anyone that is interested in a leadership or management role.
Excellent! The contents are great for any manager that want to make a significant job within any organization. Clear and key concepts for everyday activities. I enjoyed every single lesson. Thank you!
If you want to understand how to mange people at your work place, understand conflict management, and conflict resolution, my dear this is the best practical oriented and explicit course to take.
This is an excellent course for professionals who would like to get into people management streams or new managers and HR people. Best faculty members with deep academic knowledge. Thank you UCL
A very interesting and engaging course, which demands from 2 to 4 hours of work per week, depending on the theme of the week. I recommend it to anyone dealing or interested in managing people.
Thank you to all the professors. The course is very practical ways for young managers like me in dealing with my subordinates in the organization that I am handling for the past 3 years now.
I started to attend this training as curiosity but definitely an excellent training. Simple, precise, direct, well structured.I recommended it already to one colleague and more will follow.
The whole programme has been inspiring and resourceful. I plan to implement every bit of it in the discharge of my daily assignment. Thank you so much for this opportunity.Omobowale Odofib
It was quite a feat. It made me sit and focus. Reminded that despite busier in life at work, learning is a must to sharpen. Grateful for this opportunity that Coursera gave me. I made it.
Very helpful in understanding organizational structure, and how the successful organizations are following their working culture. Thanks a lot for very detailed videos and learning tools.
This course is indeed very useful for people with small as well as large businesses. It has tools which are universal to the development of every type of organisation and institution.
Excellent course! All the topics addressed were clear and with the correct amount of time distribution , the only minor cons will be that i wish it has less readings and more videos.
the truth is a very complete course and it explains the subjects very well, in addition to the fact that the evaluation form is very effective and gives you the opportunity to learn
A very good course and it definitely guides and reassures you that the process you follow is rightbor wrong. For me personally I go home happy and reassured that I DID NOT ERR...
Each of the trainers spoke from tremendous experience in their different area of expertise. The role place incorporated in the classes also helped in solidifying the knowledge.
I will recommend this course why because it is covering major topics in HR and all the professors are explaining the subject with example so only it was too easy to understand.
Thank You Coursera for letting me take this course. It has been a great experience all together during the course.  Learnt a lot of concepts and mechanisms as a Manager.
I enjoyed the course very much, especially the videos from the London University teachers.Highly recommend this course if you want to refresh or improve your knowledge.
Although a lot of the information within this course was information already accrued in my professional life, it was a great refresher, well structured and informative.
One of the best course, dealing with working condition issues and looking them in Manager perspective view. Really enjoyed and happy that i invested time in proper way.
This great opportunity to me learning people mangmennt course help full to me for candidate hiring, mangmennt Skil and thankful to all process useful.. joining Thanks
This is a good opportunity to us for enhancing  our capabilities  of our organization .i am feeling so proud to take this project and complete this less time period.
This is an Excellent Course and Refresher For Any Professional to Manager Their Team Effectively and Efficiently. I would always recommend this one for all managers
This course is very helpful to understanding my staff and employees. Also there are a lot of helpful references and I thoroughly enjoyed the discusssions, thank you
This has been a real and practical touch in the Conflict Management. Great learning and fantastic course contents and very nicely explained through Video and PPTs.
As a supervisor for a golf club in Atlanta, this course has been very useful. I encourage anyone in the Hospitality field or management field to take this course.
What a great course. It is very practically-oriented and provides a student with necessary basic toolkit to tackle everyday managing tasks. I highly recommend it.
One of the best courses ive been on (Im not a manager). The coures has given me a insight into management through this course. Looking forward to my next course.
Excellent Course for Students and faculty too. Beneficial for both. Recommend all faculties to attempt to complete this course under Human Resource Management.
Highly Motivating course to learn almost everything a manager needs. After taking this course, I'm excited enough to start my career in the management field.
I enjoy that the class is streamlined and straight to the point.  I had a great time learning and I really enjoyed the section where "Pay is not a motivator"
All courses are very useful to achieve our daily operation goals at work. Managing conflict at work and performance management are the courses I like most.
Excellent course. It provides good and actionable information. I found it a little bit dense at the beginning, but I'm very happy I finished the course.
I am happy I started the course. It was an insightful experience. Every week study and assessment  created a better learning ground. Thank you Coursera.
It's an amazing course designed by the professional and the presentation skills as well as the way they are describing the tolkit, it's extraordinary.
Excellent course, thank you very much for Management information to improved  my skill and more english business skill also. I am appreciate that
Some of the lecturers are dry and monotone. Some of the transcriptions are incorrect. Cannot download all the course materials. Can only view.
It is worth to attend this course, well professionally organised and structured course. Thank you London University and Coursera. Jafer Sadik
This course gives a excellent guide to first time managers and improve the skills and efficiency for those already in managerial positions.
I really thankful for the course providers and fetched the knowledge, Now it will be an easy challenge to handle a team in all perspective.
The videos in the course really helped me to understand in a better way, also the session quiz encouraged me to complete the course sooner.
Excellent learning for improvement of people management, performance management & skill utilization with development & proactive measures .
I found this course informative and practical in providing me with clear communication and clear objectives with follow up reading material
it is great tool to learn on job skills and knowledge . it will help to understand the role and responsibility. and perform the role well.
The Manager tool kit is very useful.i have learned lot about Performance appraisal ,Performance manager, 360 degree feedback and conflict
This course is awesome , it's an eye opener. I learnt a lot. I recommend it to anyone in an office space, admin manager, line manager.
Fantantis course with very inspired and experienced lecturers! Especially Dr. Katerina Penna, explained very well in the HR matters!!
It gives you a broad perspective of the role of a manager in an organisation. It is a well structured and  really interesting course.
It has great views from justified points, although it has too much question about names and authors who can be useless to day-to-day.
Its really game changer for me . Each and every small thing explain in a better way. Its really good for my professional life. Thaks
with some professional role plays it was really fascinating. Reading materials and slide shows are a bit uncolorful and too much.
This is well explained and the resources are really helpful in practical life!Content are Just right for learning good tool kit.
It is excellent learning program, by which I have gained a lot of knowledge. The system of imparting knowledge is so beautiful.
very nicethis is a wonderful cycle of training , some sentence is hard to understand since English is not my  native language.
Exceptionally well and provides the necessary material for Managers to efficiently manage highly productive and motivated team
It was challenging and very engaging course for me! I highly recommend it to everyone who wants to get knowledge in management
This course was really helpful in learning how to manage people. I liked one thing the most, that is it was evidence based.
I really like this course as it show many subjects that are useful to manage people at work in a very understandable way
i have learned so much from the course and instead of sitting idle in lockdown at home,i have learned many  new things.
Nice course for a manager to manage their employees at workplace. Feel great to achieve this course. Thank you so much.
It helped me alot to understand many bolts and nuts of the managment work. I wish it covered more main skills needed.
Thank you for providing me with practical tools to put in my manager's toolkit! Very informative and useful course.
i find this online course very interesting and particularly good as an introductory course for beginning managers.
Wonderful course!!, Very well explained and gained lot of new overview, which will be applicable in my workplace.
Every persons should engage in this program. Itl help to Foster good relationship between employee and employer.
Great course! Thank you for the time taken to breakdown in easy steps, fundamental lessons to support managers.
This course helps me to improve my strategy to managing my teams at work. Thanks Dr. Chris and teams. Bravo!
Really appreciate the management for putting up a good and simple course like this for learner's to enjoys.
This programme was really nice and helpful.Thank you coursera and all professors for better learning to me.
The course was really helpful in learning how to manage a team. The resource materials were also fantastic.
greatly added my insights about managerial. the material provided is very easy to understand and weighted
I'm absolutely happy to have enrolled the course. I has helped me a lot! I have many references to read!
A helpful course that opened my eyes to both theoretical and practical elements of workplace management.
it is wonderful and very useful for me to study this course with such an enormous amount of information
it was a very beneficial course and benefited me greatly 10/10 would recommend to all aspiring managers
I love it. While this course is basically a summary, it provides necessary details, and it is clear.
That was a great start to manage people at work.. thanks to everyone in Birkbeck University and UCL.
SUCH A GREAT COURSE! One of the most fondamental training and lectures that  anyone should attend!!
Excellent course to understand the key concepts to guide and manage the people effectively at work
It's a really important & helpful course for those who are managing a team within an organization
Very useful course for those managing people. Found the material shared was highly interesting.
Great to refresh basic information about management. Interview section was especially helpful
This is a very good course, I
learnt how to manage people in conflict situations in the work.
VERY COMPREHENSIVE AND INFORMATIVE, QUICK GUIDE TO hr TOOLS AT WORK PLACE .. MY COMPLIMENTS
It was good online course for Leadership which cover most critical topic with easy method.
learned a lot about managers skills and conflict management practices. Thanks  lectures..
It has been very beneficial. I would surely recommend others to have this course. Thanks
This is a very informative course with learning points that will help me in my carrier.
Very good course for the people who are new in HR or just have entered in HR functions.
Great management toolkit leaning source. Well-structured and easy to follow. Thank
you!
Thank You So Much for providing the opportunity I have learnt so much from the course.
I really enjoy this course to the fullest. Kudos to the founders of the site .Thanks
This course has changed the way I carry out my duties in my work place as a Manager.
Wow.Very good and learning and knowledgeable course for manager.Thank you very much.
it is a very useful course and it give me a detail knowledge of managerial skills.
A very brief but deep sight of main points to be considered while managing people.
Very good course for young Managers and professionals who are determined to grow.
Very well structured and organised. The content is simplify and highly educative.
Thank you Coursera for providing such a wonderful platforms to achieve our goals.
very practical ,real life and fun to understand and act in different situations .
really useful thank you - i now want to complete the other courses in the series
Useful & very practical guide to new Managers & a refresher to seasoned managers
great for individuals seeking guidance that are starting up on management roles.
I've got a lot insight and new tools to managing people around me for this time
Great course, learned a lot and found it both interesting and useful! Thanks!
Very detailed course.  Harder than I expected but informative and enjoyable.
It is very  useful for the people, who wants to take part in administration.
Thanks, I had learned a lot of tools which will help to deal with my team.
This course really given a " wow " experience and learned different topics
Excellent course to understand various aspects of Managing People at Work.
IIts original,very insightful,and educative,above all content is evidence
Wonderful insight to Managing most volatile resource i.e Human Resource.
It was a great opportunity for me to be a part of an eminent university.
very helpful.  it gives you ideas how to manage people in better ways..
It's an excellent course. Well designed and delivered by the faculties.
Interesting, applicable and relevant to manage the daily worksThank You
I liked it, it is very helpful and gave me time to learn step by step.
Great course, very clear and direct to the points, Great material used
Got to learn very important factors which will help during management.
Very Good course for self development  & very easy learning from video
Very helpful it really helps to enhance my soft skills and knowledge.
Iit's an excellent course and materials are commendable for learning.
Thanks to all the lecturer for giving us a very important knowledge.
All material clear and improve my knowledge to manage people at work
Wonderful course. Informative and perfect for all types of managers.
very good course it takes time to complete but it teaches you a lot.
Enriched course with relevant tools , thanks for this great effort.
Excellent! I found it very useful and applicable to real work life
Delighted to complete the course, absolute need for everyday work!
The course is very help full for manager from middle to top level!
Awesome, I have learned so much about HR and management. Thank you
Very insightful! Highly recommended for new supervisors/managers.
A very important, useful practical guide for first time managers.
it will really help me to  develop Managers quality in given work
Great course with amazing professors! It was completely worth it
As someone new to managing, I found this course very revealing.
The course is organized very effectively, I fully recommend it.
Interesting and
objective information backed with studies/data.
Enhance knowledge & skills to managing people at work...great
An excellent course that every employee or manager must take.
Excelent and complete course! Very well detailed and written.
Wonderful Course!Very helpful for managers, and future ones.
Really nice.Sweet crisp and to the point. A greater started
I have learned most important things regarding to my work
Great overview of key competencies required in management
Awesome Course and excellent way to complete this course
EXCELLENT COURSE... VERY HELPFUL FOR HRM ASPIRANTS...!!!
very helpful and explains a lot about managing in depth
Excellent Course.I hope it helps to improve my career.
informative and insightful. it is good for new manager
A well-constructed course for managers! A Must takeup
In simple, this is a wonderful course in a nutshell.
it 's wow. less stress and we can get more knowladge
Adequate Learning Materials, quite well coordinated.
Excellent
course, very well structured and delivered
It was knowledge ful and have  quality information.
Excellent course with relevant and useful material.
well prepared and covered all concerns of employee
very practical approach to learn managerial skills
Very useful course for all managers and employees
Very interesting course with a great explanation.
Excellent Course, Short, Crisp & lot of insights
very apt and practical course in todays setting
very useful training, many information received
It was wonderfully explained and very helpful.
very good one to interpret in our regular role
Very easy to follow and comprehend. Thank you.
Not very detail but make sense and applicable
Very good course for management at workplace.
This course is very usefull for every manager
It helps me know how to manage people better
I learned a lot from this course. Thank you!
This was a great and very informative course
Wonderful course, great learning experience.
Very detailed and thorough. Very beneficial.
Thank you so much , it is amazing course :)
Awesome Instructor Awesome Course Material
good to leard this to me go futher in life
Excellent course material, very well paced
Mind blowing content it's really so good.
the cource teaches us practical learning
Very informative and useful information.
Excellent learning, thank you coursera.
Thanks a lot for everything you taught.
Very informative and insightful course!
A very nice and aptly designed course.
Very good Course for Aspiring Managers
Great for me, as small business owner.
Good starters course in that subject.!
very practical and easy to understand
very practical and insightful course!
Excellent course with good knowledge.
Very nice course pattern and learning
Excellent Course! Highly recommended!
Excellent course and very interesting
Fantastic course with amazing tools.
the contents of the course is great.
What a wonderful course.  I love it
These are the best online coursera.
Great course with full of learning!
It's an honor to have this course.
It was a fantastic training I had
Great Learnings from this course
great online learning experience
Very interesting and very clear.
This was a really great course!
Course is very and very useful.
Very comptehensiveamd skillfull
Amazing Toolkit.Happy to read.
It is an very helpfull course!
Great learning with coursera.
I read course of biochemistry
thank you , its very usefull
very good tool and faculties
my first course. enjoyed it.
excellent reading materials
Fantastic, rea information!
Very useful and explanatory
Great and wonderful course
Good course for managers
Ver efffective :) :) :)
Highly recommended !!!
Good learning session.
I enjoyed my Learning
Very good explanation
It was a nice course.
That so useful corse
Very Comprehensive
Compelling course!
Great Achievement
Compact and Good
Great Course....
Good cousre
very uesful
It was very
Thanks !!!
thankx
Learn
