The Quizes are way too difficult and you don't get feedback on which answers of the quiz were wrong. I can't revommend this course and will stop doing it.
It was a good course, but I felt that there was some difficulty with the questions; they were not always well defined.This was generally not an issue on the multiple choice questions, but for the open assignments that were graded by fellow students, I felt like it was an issue. We did not always know what aspect of the assignment would be graded. In addition, I feel like this led to some grades from fellow students that were "out of scope"; basically, they were grading on things that were not part of the grading rubric.
This is a great course on business model innovation. The instructors have carefully planned a progression with exercises and tests that reinforce the learning. They provide many examples of the models 3 core components and the 14 directions, all of which they explain in great detail. Highly recommended even if you know about the business model canvas.
It is an excellent way to learn a framework for business model innovation. The two assignments give you a good grounding in the Odyssey3.14 framework. I would recommend that all participants do the seriously.
I would have like a longer course about these arguments. Anyway it offers really a lot of examples, effective analytic tools and ispirations to develop innovation in the business.
Course is unique as it uses the Blue Ocean Strategy indirectly to re-invent the business. It would have been perfect if the Business Model Canvas was used with the process
Well guided approach to invent or re-invent business models. Course content and Examples are engaging.
I enjoyed the structural approach to business model innovation. Very usefull!
very interesting model and teachers were great
Very practical and stimulating!
Great course, very inspir
Sharply constructed!
is fine can improve
pretty good.
Really interesting method and perfect lessons. This is one of the best mooc i followed since 4 years (and the first i finished on coursera plateform). Don't hesitate. If you're an entrepreneur, if you're a manager, if you're student, no matter why : you'll find a really good approach to answer lot of questions about business comprehension.
Very good course! the pedagogy is excellent, and the whole way to re-invent a business model is really operational! thanks a lot for the people who prepared this course!
Truly a pioneering course that has been explained in simple and straight forward terms yet highly effective  context-based case studies. High valuable for start-up entrepreneurs. business unit managers and intraprenuers. This is exactly why HEC is one of the world's best business school. Thank you for delivering a world-class course.
Excellent Course! I loved the methodology and the case studies. Very useful.  Other business books and courses just tell you what a value proposition should be, this course guides you step by step on how to create a value proposition.
Well structured course with numerous examples of business model innovation to relate theoretical principles to real world implementation. A must do course !!!
It has been a great learning experience both on a content and pedagogic point of view. The way Laurence Lehman Ortega and Helene Musikas revisit business modeling is very smart, impactfu and user friendly. Their apporach can be easily used jointly with others and seems to me one of the pillar of business modeling. Sumiting a business case is tedious but the best way to learn ! It takes some time and engagement to do it well but the success is really enjoyable !
Thank you, my comment is very positive. This course will bring me a lot as an entrepreneur. I appreciated the number of cases analyzed, the concept of value curve is very important. Quizzes to assess yourself are well done, the cases to study can take time if you want to get to the bottom of the question. The feedback from other learners is interesting.
The Business Model Innovation is a practical and insightful course. It helps me think about how to explore new business opportunities using the 14 directions of business innovation. I would highly recommend this class to everyone, especially who is keen to start up a new business or enter into a strategy division.
I loved everything about this course. Really innovative and well designed to help the candidate learn and apply the practices. I would like to enrol in other courses by this university, it is really incredible what it has taught me in a short amount of time. Thank you to the curators and creators of this course.
A great course with myriad examples to illustrate each of the concepts of Odessey 3.14. Have learned a structured framework to pursue innovation in any industry unlike random ideas and buzzwords which dominated the innovation space till now. Overall, a great learning experience.
The first 2 weeks are a wonderful trip into business model innovation. Maybe weeks 3-4 are a little bit "standardized". But overall, the exercices, fun and discovery is well worth the time and money ! Thanks a lot to the faculty, Laurence and Helene.
The course was very informative and well-structured. It gave a lot of opportunities to analyze existing business models. The peer-graded assignments really allowed the learners to apply what they learned from the entire course.
Excellent course and excellent teachers. It helped me a lot to expand my knowledge about business models and innovation, giving me a broader vision, and teaching me a very practical and easy-to-implement methodology.
What a great course, I have to say that it has helped me a lot and specially now where I am setting up my new business. Congratulations to both of them for having inspiring me during the course. A bientôt FP
Superb course with great structure and well designed modules and videos.  You end up with a very practical toolbox to think about business models in a very disciplined way.
This course provides you a great way to structure any idea of yours and it provides you with a lot of innovative examples which makes the course extremely impressive.
Atruelyexcellent course.Extremelyusefiulcontent.Clearpresentations.Livelypace.Balancedworkloadforaprofessional like myself.Ihighlyrecommend it.Enjoy!
Excellent course. Well presented. Many examples.The last assignment requires substantial time to deliver the expected results.Highly recommended
I have found this course down-to-earth, didactic, and most of all, usefull when it comes to apply it on any current or prospective businesses
Love it . Extremely useful model with a high degree of flexibility. Encourages creative thinking. Uptodate case studies.Highly recommended
Odyssey 3.14 is an excellent approach to business models and I appreciate this MOOC that makes this jewel available to a wide audience.
The course is motivating to learn to think in a different way. It helps to analyze and change business processes step by step.
Great course! Highly recommended. If you want a fresh way to think of innovation and business modeling. .. take this class!
I strongly suggest this course. The topic is very important, all well organized and explained and high level professors
Very interesting and professionalizing !! Moreover it is done in a way that keeps you in the need for more lectures !
Complete, well explained and detailed course. It was a wonderful experience and delight to learn from this course.
Nice curse with nice teachers. So well explained. I have extended my entrepreneurship and innovation knowledge
Excellent course, great material, outstanding. delivery and training material.  Highly recommended
Brilliant Program and a lot of of meaningful insight to know how the business innovation works!
Very informativeGreat content and assignmentsVery impressed by the quality of the course
Very good examples throughout the course : JCDecaux, the Spanish theatre, Michelin...
Excellent! Great! If you are a enterpeneur seaching for new bussines, it is a must!
Excellent course for learning Business model basics and furthermore to that.
Thanks to the two teachers ! The course was illustrated with great  examples
very well structured with a lot of gain for this field. strongly recommend.
Very inspiring yet pragmatic course. I strongly recommend this course !!!
Excellent and interesting course. Very well put together and presented.
This is a must course for any one who wants to build a better co.
Great set of basic tools to improve a business characteristics!
Great course, a unique approach to business model reinvention.
Excellent teaching by Oddysey and great lecturing
Very interesting, insightful and well explained.
the course from this HEC university is amazing
This course is very helpful and interesting.
Great content, great teams!Amazing job!!!
Excellent course makes you think and act
Innovation skills were helpful
Very original business cases.
Very Useful, and simplified.
Great and inspiring course!
enjoying every minute of it
Extremly Helpfull ,Thankyou
Amazing course !
