There was absolutely no support from professors, most of the questions were not related to what the course has taught, especially the practical questions. Highly disappointed, by the overall course buildup. HEC Paris is a renowned educational Institution, I hope they take thorough and visible actions on this. A course is not just about earning certificates but learning something new, beyond what you know.
OK, you can learn a few things getting into this course and it's still available for free on the platform so thanks for that! However and most of all, you can sense that this is more of an advertising campaign for AXA IM than an investment course per se... During the 4 modules, you're basically repeated over and over again that Active Management (ie. Investment Managers) tend to overperform and that you should have one manager. There's even the overall 1st part of Module 4 that is dedicated on how to select a manager... There are some great insight related to portfolio allocation but not much explanations. A major point that I would have liked to hear about is how to come up with the risk aversion criteria... Many parts of the course relate to external videos available on Youtube.
If you're going to advertise on such a platform as Coursera please don't make it too much about the advertising and more about learning... (for example: Melbourne University Specialization).
Very basic lessons. Maybe can be good for very beginners.
The videos did cover the basic theories behind all the methods for portfolio management however they were just basic theories with no explanation on how to practically implement them and then asking us who only understand the theories from the videos to suddenly try to solve the calculation quizzes especially those excel calculations without any practice on how to implement them beforehand. Besides the videos only showed the formulas with no example at all! Very disappointed with the course... This course is not recommended for those who have zero or little experience in the field..
The course topics are great and I have to admit that I learned a lot during this course.  The provided materials are good, but in my opinion sometimes not enough to be able to answer some of the questions in the tests.  I had to spend some time researching the web to work out some of the problems.  This per se is definitely not bad (it rather resembles real life), but all the other courses I have taken on Coursera and other platforms provide enough material and/or explanations to be able to work out all the problems without needing to look it up somewhere else.  The problem-solving issue also has to do, to a certain extent, with the formulation both of some questions and answers, which in some cases can be understood in different ways because a key word is missing or is wrong, usually prepositions.  I am aware of the fact that the course creators are not native English speakers, but, when formulating questions and answers, they should take the time to check their formulations for grammar and correctness (I am sure there would be no mistakes if the course were in French :) ).  I posted a couple of questions on the forums and, sadly, never received an answer.  Neither from fellow students, nor from the course moderators.  Certainly the fellow students do not have any obligation to reply to questions, and I usually would say the course moderators don't either.  But I am paying for this certificate and I therefore expect some kind of support.  I am sure the course moderators are very busy and do not have time to be browsing around the question forums every day, but so am I.  And taking a look in the forums once a week or so wouldn't hurt.  Let me also point out, that the 2 questions I posted are THE ONLY questions in the forums, so it's not as if the moderators would be overwhelmed by the amount of questions posted.  After my second question, I knew I was all by myself.  From other courses I know that course moderators chime in once in a while on questions that have not been answered by fellow students and when no fellow student seems to be able to find or provide a correct answer.The course is good, and you will learn a lot.  If it weren't for the lack of support in the forums, I would give it 4 or maybe even 5 stars, depending on the responses I would receive.Either way, enjoy the course!!  I really did, even if it may not sound like it :)
With appreciation to all people who contributed to give this course, please when you read my critics do not get upset. My critics are constructive. Personally, I am a doctor in business administration and I have two masters, one in banking & finance and another one in accounting and tax and I completed this training with honors. The content of this course is fairly good. The issue, is that the contribution of the academic participant is not that great, he provide formulas with poor explanation of the parameters and the overall objective or the different use of the formulas. For example in module 4 he does not explain what does mean regression and the objective of regression in using multiple factors. On the other hand the contribution of the professionals from AXA I.M. is great. This training has some errors in some answers but are not significant at all.I recommend this training if you are average and above in mathematics (it is not difficult). You have to understand certain used metrics in statistics such as variance, covariance, correlation etc.The advantage of this training: you will understand all the details related to investment management, starting from the objectives of different types of investors, passing by the different asset classes and the risks impacting the asset allocation for optimised portfolio, until explaining the techniques or criteria used to select a fund manager.Overall, I recommend this course.
Very interesting course but also very technical. I'd rather say it is not made for someone who has no basics in 'advanced' mathematics. Nevertheless, I have learnt many useful things and I have now a great outlook on the asset management world.
Great course overall. However it does not go deep enough into its topic. Would have been nice to have more challenging excel exercices.
There are many interpretations that should be treated more carefully. Otherwise, great content!
Useful. However this course was very complicated and  had way too much math for my taste.
not really an dvanced course but good for beginners
Unidentified.
The initial part was very useful and practical my main takeaway is the preference metric as one of the factors to pick a stock based on the risk tolerance. I would have loved to see more real life (excel) examples in the weeks 3 and 4 of how to build a balanced portfolio and how to re-balance it in order to perform real life investments.
I enjoyed this course and the way it was presented with videos, and the excel based exercises were very useful however I feel like some of the more challengin work was very intuitive (which I suppose was the point) but unfortunately there was not a lot of guidance on how to complete those exercises and get the honors certificate.
Interesting course, even though it covers only topics relating to investment management within a portfolio and math formulas could be better explained using more concrete examples.But for anyone who has not a finance degree and wants to acquire knowledge in this field, it's definitely worth it!
very nice, lots of useful information and the course is really good for people who have some kind of knowledge about the subject. Giving the course 4 stars just because it is too short. I would like it to include more practical assignments, examples etc.
The content and the guidance is priceless, I mean the professors and their experience is a blessing to this course yet, the problem I faced was to understand the different English accent of some tutors and had to read it properly to understand.
The course gives a clear and broad overview about the investment management industry. Recommended if you already have some foundamental knowledge in general finance and want to het more acquainted with asset management.
Great course for understanding the basics and some in-depth topics of investment management. In the last chapters there wasn't any explanation for mistakes in the tests though which would have definetely helped.
Unfortunately, the task descriptions in the honors quizzes are very unclearly formulated, making it hard to answer and understand these tasks. Apart from that I thoroughly enjoyed this course!
Really good and interesting content. Really nice for beginners like me. Just one bad thing : a wrong translation in a module, but nothing more. Thanks HEC, AXA IM & Coursera ! :-)
Thank you very much to all for this course. I really enjoyed the quant part and especially exercises in Excel. Would be interesting to add a quantitative recap chapter !
Key principles and overview are excellent.  Technicals and quantitative aspects were too fast and detailed for me.  Probably more useful for analyst level interests
An informational course which explained some useful concepts and techniques. But it could have been more comprehensive with further examples and cases.
Good overview of the asset management industry. Week 4 start was a little too fast on beta and alpha it was hard to follow for non initiated students.
Really good course which bridge the gap between finance theories and application to real life situation like portfolio management
Interesting course, an excellent introduction but need to go deeper. How about creating a specialization?
Versatile and well structured. Offers a comprehensive and exaustive dissertation on topic.
Not all topics were fully covered and a backgrund of financial knowledge is necessary
Good course to understand basics of personal investing.
Too many tests
This course provides an excellent and comprehensive introduction to Investment Management in an impressive timescale. Learners can feel the tangible benefit and knowledge of this course once they have taken it. Honour Tracks are an excellent way to challenge yourself to the core if you don't have a statistical background or a strong financial knowledge. I genuinely enjoyed the lectures and how the materials were distributed in an equal and light manner starting from knowing investor's types, how to allocate asset portfolios, types of investment techniques, and ending with how to choose your fund manager. My favourite parts was the least likely: the exams and quizzes parts. These were built in a way that educates and challenge to resolve and learn, but designed to be impossible. A profound pedagogical approach even in the quizzes and honour tracks. This course deserves nothing but the best rating. I recommend wholeheartedly.
It is a great idea to combine Academia and Industry professionals in one
course. This MOOC is for individuals who wish to gain the basic mathematical understanding
of modern portfolio theory and capital asset pricing model. Many things are rapidly changing in the world of Finance with Python being
the main tool and Machine Learning being the main approach. Nonetheless, the
knowledge of the theories that dominated financial thought for several decades
is a definite advantage for you.  If you take this course, consider the Honours track which will enable
you to gain valuable technical skills by working in Excel as well as real-world
practical experience of investment analysis. If you know nothing about statistics, calculus
or financial markets, be prepared to invest some team in research. Supporting materials with several derivations and external links are provided.
This is a fantastic course about the basics of Investment Management. While it is an introductory course, it does not shy away from some basic maths and includes some very interesting and instructive spreadsheet exercises. The quality of the presentations, subtitles and slides is outstanding. The quizzes are challenging but always within the content of the lectures. I strongly recommend this course to anybody interested in investment management who is not afraid of some basic maths. Moreover, I strongly encourage the team, that organised this MOOC, to create more specialized and in depth courses, maybe even a Specialization.
The course was very helpful in getting to  know the asset management industry at the macro level. Would love to go further in the study of this industry and how I can be a fit into the asset management industry. Advanced portfolio allocation, regression analysis, optimal allocation, factor analysis were very helpful in gaining valuable insights into how things are calculated in the asset management jobs, at least at a basic level. Overall, a must for anyone who would like insights into the asset management industry.
An excellent and an outstanding course. In 4 weeks, you go through a lot of material. The Honors mode in this course, is worth it. Do the Honors - dont miss it.Professor Hugues Langlois of HEC Paris and others from AXA Investment Managers have done a great job in explaining the concepts and mathematical formulas.I recommend this course to investment managers, bankers and students who are interested to know more about Investment Management as a subject and a field you may want to work in.
This Course is very complete and concise with very interestering extra materials and website links for those who are interested.  It gave me a deep understanding of the asset management industry and was a great help for me when I started my internship as portfolio manager assistant. I can say without reserve that it is one of the best course I have taken. Thank you HEC and AXA IM for this wonderful online course.
In some points I found it quite applied compared to just another milestone of theory.  The excel spreadsheets were insightful and really helpful to understand the concepts. I would be keen to see a Part-2 course, where more advanced concepts are introduced, such as asymmetrical returns, alternative assets more stuff on tail risks with applications on Excel.
I am an Economics and Business Economics student and this course really contributed to my knowledge about investment and investments management. The course was well-structered in a way that you also had to discover certain aspects yourself which was challenging, thus good. I would certainly recommend this course.
Very good insights over investment management principles and asset management sector, with both academic and real world aspects. Perfect reminder for people who have not practised for a long time and good introduction for ones who are new in the domain. Thanks to HEC and AXA IM for this
The course offers a comprehensive introduction to the world of Investment Management in an accesible and engaging manner. I would recommend the course to anyone interested in getting a primer of the Investment Management industry and its most used portfolio analysis tools.
I am really enjoying the course. A lot more practical than other courses I have taken. It would be good to have an option to submit assignments and purchase the certificate at the end rather than the current way. Hope Courser will take this into consideration.
Very good course with a good balance between general knowledge and technical formulas. The course summarised well the knowledge so that I felt that I have learnt a lot but that the workload was still appropriate. I will definitely recommend this course.
A well designed course that is highly recommended to anyone interested in an investment management career. The practical insights provided by professionals at AXA Investment Managers add great value to the course.
A course that has taught me more about the "Quantitative Methods" of calculations of Optimal Asset Allocation, Regression and Descriptive Statistics regarding Portfolio management techniques.
Definitely rigorous and challenging.  A great course to continue you maturation in investment management and portfolio analysis.  Great resources and materials.  Highly recommend this course.
Exceptional course providing a broad overview of the asset management industry, its key players and functioning. Great mix of academic knowledge and practical application.
Excellent, enjoyed everything thoroughly! Would recommend to any other student/young professional like myself, looking to pursue a career in the Asset Management Industry.
Great course that explain the fundementals of Investment Management, teaches you how to analyze. It is necessary to understand the world of Asset management.
I really enjoyed this course, I learned new concepts in investment and gave me an impulse to keep studying and going deep in this area of finance.
The course was very stimulating and challenging. I learned a lot from the video lessons and the quizzes were really hard to pass. Nice course.
Well prepared, and organised. I really appreciated that real life professionals could share their experiences. We need more of these courses!
Well-organized, great introductory course for investment managements, but it surely includes almost every important concept of investments.
Nice brief lectures with good market applications. The lectures were relevant to real market places examples. Keep it up HEC Paris.Shaban
Very useful course for students who have basic knowledge in business and want to dig deeper in to the finance and investment world!
I'm very impressed by the quality of this course, it made simple what is usually hard to quick explain and immediately understand
Wonderful and very insightful course. Theory plus practical inputs from the amazing team at Axa. Thank you Professor Hugues :)
The theory part can be reduced and practical portion (AXA IM's speakers) needs to be added, especially on more advanced topics
A good course which will help you get an understanding of the market and the various mathematical tools used in the analysis
This course helped me, an engineer, to get an insight into the financial world especially into the investment management.
Excellent courses! I particularly like the excel exercises prepared by the tutor, challenging but thought-provoking.
A lot of interesting contents , well explained in few hours, my sincere congratulations to HEC Paris & Axa !
A very high-standard course. My only criticism is that it might be a bit heavy on the quantitative side.
A really down-to-earth and interesting approach to investment management. Highly recommended.
Valuable course including plenty of knowledge expansion and helpful data.Thanks a million !
I loved the link with the maths part. The course provides very good insights.
Excellent course. Very complete and gives a great overview of the asset manag
Excellent theoretical view and very good exposure to real life excel modeling
Good instructors, well explanation and can apply for real world.
its a really interesting subject and i haves learned so much
Great insight on the Investment Management industry.
I learnt a lot about the asset management industry.
Very interesting and well explained, thank you!
One of the best course i have ever come across.
Good course to expand knowledge of Investment.
Great content and interesting guest speakers!
Great and insightful course. I enjoyed it.
Great content and clear teaching. Love it!
Very good course for investment basics
Simply and well done. Really useful.
it really difficult but it worth it!
EXCELLENT! GOD BLESS! ALL THE BEST!
useful contend, easy to understand
very good - thank you
Useful and realistic
Very Comprehensive!
Worth doing it
