It is hard to describe what I didn't like about this course. I have a reasonable statistical background as well as a basic science and public health background, so I may be overly familiar with the material. I  didn't find that going through the material helped me beyond what I could intuit from the basic principles of how to do a study. This isn't good, because I feel like someone without my background would be overwhelmed by the information presented and not be able to follow it. I also believe the lecture style was too conversational and not very organized. It feels like a little bit too much like the introduction to a journal club with 3rd year graduate students. The course should be for novices. Ultimately, everything felt like it was being described rather than taught.  One positive I can say, is that I think the basic contents of the course are good, they just need to be organized properly and distilled down and focused. Instructors should resist any urge to randomly jump into discussions which are above the intended level of the course.
the lessons were too long in duration and i was really bored because the teaching didn't have anything engaging me to be more eager to listen and all the slides were with the same background and design and there were no pictures or animation or fun stuff to create some kind of diversity in the progress of the course.
Some of the videos are excessively long. All lectures are just written slides and narration, there isn't even a human figure in the videos, no interaction what so ever; making the videos a bit boring. The content is good it's like a concise comprehensive view on clinical trials.
Great, smart, and talented people who understand the course material. Not everybody has the talent to teach.
This was an extremely interesting course. The topics laid out week by week were adequate and easy to complete. The only issue I would point out is there was very little interaction from the course coordinators. It would have been helpful to get feedback on some of the discussion topics. I would have also liked to see explanations of some of the answers on the quizzes. A list of further reading (including suggested books, published papers, interesting articles) would have been welcome. In all, it was a very useful course, however due to some of the issues mentioned previously, I refrained from purchasing the course. Th
Solid Introduction. Listen to the videos (almost no graphics used, mostly notes), read the recommended texts and answer the questions. That was my experience. Classic teacher-centred teaching, besides the questionnaire no real active part. I asked one topic related question in the forum, no answer. If you keep all of that in mind, still recommended.
This is an educational course that will introduce you many aspects of a 
clinical trial. Things to improve: A. instructors/mentors are not 
responsive and any question that you may have, will remain unanswered and
 B.some videos are quite lengthy.
The  course should include lectures about real clinical trials and also analysis about the most useful statistical indicators to read the essays
Nice, but statistical methods for calculation of sample size and power calculations must have been included in greater detail.
Was alright, but felt a bit short of content. Some more interactive assignments, questionnaires and examples would be nice.
for me personally the level was to basic. Having said that, it gives a good overview on clinical trial designs.
The content was very well prepared, but i think most of the Topics can not be applie
Good course as an introduction of the topic.
presentation is poor, not very engaging
Interesting, but a little elementary.
Explanations are complicated
english is not too formal.
I think that the course should provide a written material in order to deepen the learning process.
Useful to get a general understanding of the complexity of a clinical trials and the many aspects that need to be taken into account. it would be incredibly helpful to have a more advanced and statistically-oriented module  following this one.
This course has really helped me in my understanding and appreciation of how research should be conducted.Thank You
This was a good introductory course into clinical trials, providing an overview of its principles, features and design. The lectures were good and clear, and the accompanying slides were just as useful. I will admit to being occasionally lost on certain concepts, especially with regards to those which would've normally been covered in the biostatistics class, as Ms. Drye mentioned once or twice -- after all, I believe this is a class which is probably offered in conjunction with others. That notwithstanding, I can now consider myself aptly familiar with clinical trials and what they entail, thanks to this course.I will say, however, that having just 10 questions in the quiz is hardly neither exhaustive nor -- and I suppose this goes without saying -- a true test of a good grasp of the course. For instance, I'd read most of the supplemental material for Ethics (week 4) only to realize that that week's quiz could've been passed using common sense alone. I felt somewhat disappointed by that. And also, while one lecturer was very clear in her presentation and discourse, the other wasn't really; more often than not, I was confused by her sentences.
The course was informative and fun, with helpful outlines of actual clinical trials to support the theory.  While the length of some videos (a few are >30 minutes) might turn some people off, this did not turn out to be a problem as the course content was very engaging, at least to me. Following both the slides and the voice-over proved to be difficult, but fortunately they seem to completely overlap, so focusing on one is a valid approach The quiz quiestions were easy, sometimes to the point of being obvious, and perhaps the course would benefit from a more varied range of question types instead of just true/false questions. The discussion prompts, on the other hand, were very thought-provoking and challenged the learner to put what they learned into practice. They are easily the highlights of this course. Overall, quite an enjoyable experience.
Very useful to learn about the different clinical trial designs, as for studies carried out by pharmas and those not conducted in USA, are less diverse in their design. The course is also really good for getting up up to date on contemporary ethical issues and some key concepts upon which clinical research is based on (from the scientific point of view). As you commented in the wrap up video, it will be interesting to develop a class on data monitoring and get deeper inside the role of a clinical research associate (or monitoring).
When I started this course, I had no idea how important it is for me to understand what goes on in the background of clinical research and how important are the ethical considerations. Now, I think I have started developing a sense of clinical research. Being a general surgeon in India, this class has helped me a lot and I hope this will benefit me and my patients with their treatment selection. I thank the instructors of this course for making it looks so simple to understand.
I am healthcare consultant with no clinical background. This course was good for basic understanding of clinical trial designs and related jargons. It definitely enhanced my knowledge on the subject. Although I would have found it easier if some concepts were taught in a simpler manner & perhaps using in the end an actual trial case study to revise all the concepts.
Great course content. Well elaborated and easy to understand. It is an excellent starter for students
wishing to pursue clinical research studies as it presents the important first
steps for the design and interpretation of clinical trial research. Thanks to you Drs Janet Holbrook and Lea Drye, and The Johns Hopkins University, as well as the entire Coursera team.
It was fine. Janet talked kind of slowly,  but the option to increase the video speed made this a non-significant problem. The difficulty was fine for a newcomer to the field of clinical research, and I liked the use of examples. The examples did use a bit much repetition from previous info sections. Good course!
Clear, precise and very interesting content. I am working with Clinical Trials for 18 month, this helped me to learn about the bigger picture. Suggestion to Course creators: A module focussed on what is a Clinical Trial before we start with module 1 would be extremely helpful.
A fantastic foundational course that covers all the essentials to understand and appreciate the design and interpretation of clinical trials. Lectures are succinct followed by really challenging quizzes which allows one to test his/her understanding of the subject matter.
Well done, very systematic and well selected, well structured, focused analysis supported by appropriate examples, definitions and discussions. Lectures are a little bit dry, but I guess this might be due in part to the nature of the subject! Thank you!Alex Ginev
From this course, I learned a lot but many slides had way too much text and were difficult to read and listen to at the same time. more diagrams and flowcharts would be highly appreciated.  Examples for different case scenarios were very helpful in learning.
I'm very pleased with the design and interpretation of clinical trials course. It is well constructed and the lectures are interesting and focused.I recomnend this course for those who want to gain some knownledge about this subject.
This course provides me with valuable new knowledge about clinical trials. Although I had taught myself before, I still get various interesting points, e.g. types of trial designs, ITT analysis, etc. Thank you very much!
Maybe the tests are a bit easy, apart from that the lectures are well defined and cover in detail the topics related to the course. The example trials are very well selected to understand the information of the lectures.
Good explanations but the slides are quite static. When the lectuer refers something on the slide maybe they can consider also highlight on the slight, e.g. using animations, especially for complex tables?
The powerpoints and audio lectures are very clear and concise, much appreciated.  I would also appreciate more exercises or reading materials, to help solidify our understanding of the topics.
As a new learner of clinical trials, I learned a lot about the design of randomized clinical trials and the various factors that could impact the outcomes.  I thorough;y enjoyed the course.
Very informative, creates a good base for further work. I enjoyed the examples within the lectures and especially appreciate the chapter of ethics as I find it extremly important.
To anyone who likes statistics, analytics, interpretation of scientific literature or the story behind the design of credible clinical trials, this course is a good recommend!
Thorough course with pretty good explanation. However it can be quite difficult to understand if you have limited pre-existing knowledge. The quizzes are quite tricky.
The course clearly explains the concepts of clinical trials with great detail. The course was taught in a structured manner and helped me gain knowledge in this field.
Great summary of CTs! Shame that it is only from 2013 and does not reflect current approaches to management of clinical trials, would be worth to update this course.
Very good course. I would prefer to have subtitles (in english or spanish) in every week, but the content was really good. I hope to learn more about clinical trials
Excellent classes for beginners in the clinical trials.I learnt about basic knowledge, design points and constitutive interpretation for different kinds of trials~
Pitched at the right level as an introductory course. Having some exposure to clinical trials helps complete in a timely manner, but there's still a lot to learn
Good course but I hope if there are readings after each video to improve the understanding of information with more simplifying the content of ethics lesson.
The courses were well structured and included a lot of information. It would be more interesting if there were more participation in the discussion fora
Great course. It helped me gather more knowledge on how trials are conducted and many ways through which results of the trial can be analyzed.
The course is very informative and good but I have not received a free of cost certificate. I have an only option of purchase certificate
I liked it a lot, but I believe that assignments were easy, so I didn't needed to pay too much atention to the lectures to pass them.
Very properly organised coursework and lectures and up to date information and expert insights really help in understanding better.
Good course for beginners. I would have liked it to be slightly longer - by a week or two - to cover more material. But still good.
This course was very interesting a little hard that I had to do optional lectures to understand better, I passed the evaluation.
nice course .. excellent lecturer ... thanks very much i advice it for every one work in drug field especially in R&D department
Excellent lessons teaching every aspect of clinical trial with multiple examples and explaining analysis of the data in-depth.
Basically good. As I want to know the practical guidance of  how to conduct a RCT, this course is not sufficient .
Good information. I would improve the presentation a bit, so the speakers aren't just reading their slides.
This course has made me to dive into Clinical Research, which will surely help in building my career goals.
It's my first course through online. I had a very good experience and able to complete with good grades.
It was a nice introductory course to learn more about Clinical Trial Design subjects.
Very good! It lays good basic foundation for the understanding of clinical trials
I have attended this course and found it really helpful and simply presented.
Excellent course; lectures were clearly presented, and entertaining as well!
The videos had very usefull information but were not visually atractive.
An excellent course totally recomendable. Very clear and focused.
Good course!Useful lessons, not tiring.I learned a lot about it!
The Framing of the Questions in the quizzes could be improved.
Good general and broad overview of design of Clinical Trials.
great course to refresh my knowledge and update some concepts
very good course and nice assignment questions learned a lot
good course to know the details of the clinical trials
sometimes they go through important topics very fast ,
Informative and basic knowledge about clinical trials
The course gives me more thoughts on clinical trials.
Individual sessions a bit too long. But great value!
Straight forward course with clear course notes.
Wonderful Teachers, it is helpful for my career.
Interesting general overview of clinical trials.
Great introductory course to Clinical Trials.
Great introductory course on Clinical Trials
Well planned and good overview of the topic
a very good introduction to clinical trail
In my opinion this course is too short.
its quite good course for overview....
Very informative, and great overview
The good basis of clinical trials
I wanted to learn more and more
would have wanted more content
it was very good class
Great work! Thank you.
Great teacher!
Good course !
One of the best online courses I have taken so far at Coursera. Very helpful if you are new to the field and helps you to understand and interpret clinical data. I highly recommend this course.
This course would be most useful to the participant if pursued within a short time-frame, of maximum of 6 weeks. Both lecturers were clear and good communicators. I would take more of their classes.
A great course for people working in the Clinical Research industry! I definitely recommend!
The course was well designed and I enjoyed learning again.I did wish that my course certificate gave my overall grade for the course, which was 100% in all modules. I wouldn't have kept retaking certain parts if I'd know the grade didn't appear on the certificate. Also, for non-US English speakers, the narration can be quite fast, which can make it a bit hard to follow at times. In addition, for some of the discussion posts, it would be better to use articles from publications that we don't have to subscribe to and also to assume the learner has no experience in the field, if possible.
High quality course ! covering important areas and detailed lectures, more and better than a mere introduction. Congrats ! My only regret : I'd have liked to hear more about NI and equivalence trials
Excellent beginner course on design and interpretation of clinical trials, complements a lot of what I reviewed on my classes and I would like to take a more advanced course on the topic. Thank you.
This is a really good course if you are starting your journey in a clinical trials. It's really helpful to learn vocabulary related to this field.
Great course for basic introduction to clinical trials design, features and guidelines.
This is a very well structured course and great to have a basic and general idea of the main points to verify when either designing or, most importatnt in my case, how to evaluate publications about clinical trials. I would recommend this course for users with at least a minimum scientific background. The videos are engaging, and the reading material supplied (mostly for ethics and reporting) are complete and helps to give depth to what I learned. Congratulations to the organizers. I will definitely take more courses from this University, online, in the future.
I took this course right after I started working in Phase 1 and 2 clinical trials. This is a very insightful course that includes many aspects of clinical research, which are very important to know regardless if your role in the clinic. The lectures are well structured and are just the right length. I completed it in a weekend and got my certificate right away, definitely recommended for anyone who wishes to be part of this industry.
I commend and thank Dr Holbrook and Dr Drye for creating such a comprehensive course in such a short time frame. I am pleased with level of knowledge i gained. I will definitely be completing other related courses from Johns Hopkins University.
Indeed a great course, simple, informative, and exactly what is expected to a person associated with clinical research. Its more apt for a new investigator or writer to understand the basics.. a little more than the basics. :)
I was able to learn a lot from this course. The lectures and the sequence of the presentations were logical and clear to understand. I will definitely recommend this course for my colleagues.
Thrilled to finish this course. I'm gonna use what I learnt from this course in my current job and share with my colleagues.
Really great course that goes over clinical trials and very important terms in order to understand the topic well.
veryusefullfortheknowledgepurpurseaswellasmakeagrowthInprofessIonalcarrier
The course would even be better with more graphical illustrations in the lecture, the blocking part was a bit difficult to understand especially if the allocation ratio is different than 1:1. Going through examples would be good. Another benefit would be to summarize up the most important parts in the end of each lecture to repeat it directly for the participant. For the Question part, if a longer example of a trial case is not entirely clear it would be nice (if someone keeps having it wrong if there is a help button wich explains it, for a better understanding instead of "it is false" that does not help to understand it.
Excellent course.  Compared to others in the Coursera Catalog this course was rigorous to be sure to take great notes or you will be revisiting the lectures and literature often.  I work on the financial side of clinical trials and this course was extremely helpful in filling in some gaps in my knowledge (many of those gaps I didn't realize I had!).  Everything Johns Hopkins University puts out on Coursera has been top notch (my reference is the Data Science Specialization!)
I have a PhD in biochemistry and work in pharma industry in R&D, I never had formal education on clinical trials and this course allowed me quickly learn the most important basic things about the subject to get a better understanding of a bigger picture for a journey of a new medicine. That was exactly what I was looking for. I am really grateful that I could access that resource. It was really helpful. Thank you for making this course openly available.
The course was very useful for me and came to know more about randomized clinical trials ,and other consort for writing trial design .it was very useful and i can add this certificate in my resume  it will give weight to my resume for standing in clinical trial industry.and finally thanku for lecturers.they did an awesome job very keen on every topic explanations. hopefully expecting courses in clinical trials ,regulatory affairsThank yousangavai
An amazing course taught by Janet Holbrook, PhD and Lea T. Drye, PhD authorized by The Johns Hopkins University and offered through Coursera that allowed me to delve into the basic principles of Clinical Trials (Types of Clinical Trials, Randomization and Masking, Outcomes and Analysis, Ethics, Guidelines for Reporting Results as well as Clinical cases to evaluate whether or not Randomized Clinical Trials are still the golden standard).
The course was very educative and informative. i got to understand the various clinical trial designs used as well as the rationale behind using such designs to conduct clinical trials. Also, i learnt about the CONSORT guidelines that serves as a guide for writer when writing their research paper in order to ensure quality reporting of research data gotten in clinical trials as well as ensuring transparency of data.
I develop clinical research (through registries and data collection in cardiac emergencies) in a small hospital in Brazil. We do not have search capabilities and yet a large number of data and information that needs a form for the wrong propagation. This course has helped me greatly in forming values and clarifying concepts that are very useful. I'm really charmed with a quality and will do more courses like this.
Excellent training to get a good understanding of Design and Interpretation of Clinical Trials very well organised, easy to follow by watching videos along with their transcript so I could compliment images and summary slides with detailed explanations of teacher.You can also re-schedule the timelines as it better suits you. I will continue training with Johns Hopkins University for sure.
the best thing about this course was the quiz at the end of each week. It was so deep and tricky that you cant crack if you were not engaged in the lecture completely. these days, such online courses have become away just to earn certificates with the easy assignment but definitely it was a different experience. I am glad that I found this course.
This course offers a broad, honest and critical view on the production and evaluation of RCTs. It is a useful introduction to the theme, although a small background may be required for full exploitation of its resources. I would highly recommend it for any student or professional in health care - being you directly involved with research or not.
Excellent course. It made me not only get a better understanding on topics i've seen scarcely prior, but also contributed to a solid theoretical basis in the field of clinical trials. Special attention to the first week of the course should be given, since it provides one of the best explanations about study design i've seen so far.
I did like the course and it is quite useful for me at this moment. The length of the videos were mostly good, although some were a little bit too long; anyway that was ok because there was a clear concept and the rest of the video content were examples to illustrate it. I guess it is very basic, so it was exaclty what I needed.
A rare course in clinical trials, and also a good one.Strongly recommend for those interested in clinical research! There's a reason why Bloomberg school of public health is one of the best healthcare research institution in the world. It is very fortunate to learn from such expertise in clinical research through this course.
I've taken a couple of courses in Coursera and this was the best one so far! The lectures are engaging, clear and comprehensive, and the discussion prompts very useful. I would certainly take an advance course and recommend this one to all those interested in learning more on how clinical trials are designed and reported.
Even though some previous knowledge is required, I think it will be a very useful program for all of those who are in one way or another involved in the world of clinical trials. It made me understand better many things in my current job that I was just passing by without knowing what was happening on the other side.
Very thorough and engaging course. Sometimes the information is a little complicated, but the professors are clear and efficient in their explanations so the material is always "doable." The videos were engaging and the few readings were very interesting. Overall a great course with a lot of thought put behind it.
This course is really helpful for me to learn the structure of clinical trials. I think it`s appropriate for people who have some experiences in clinical trials and the materials would be more helpful. If you want to learn statistics with respect to clinical trials, I don`t think this course is a good fit for it.
It's a very good course to learn basic information about design and interpretation of clinical trials; however, it would be much useful if it included more details about the studies designs and outcome analysing. But in general, it's a valuable and necessary  course to take. Thank you very much dear professors.
Very well explained lectures. I could really refresh my knowledge about these topics which I studied during my preparations for USMLE exams. This course explains in depth about certain topics which I didn't cover in that depth during my USMLE preparations. I am really thankful that I could join this course.
In the tests, when you get the wrong answer it would be nice to get the reason why is that wrong. Sometimes it is obvious, other times not su much. Apart from this little nitpick, I really liked the lectures and the structure. The course provides enough background to continue on reading/studying the topic.
This a top high quality well organized course. It helps many researchers in  the medical and dental fields understand the designs of clinical trials and  different ways of interpretation. It also help researchers  understand the key strengths of clinical trials and observational studies.
Very good course. Did it at my pace - though not a fast one but could finish it eventually. Will help me in my professional life. Thanks to coursera for launching a course like this for people like me who cannot afford a regular or dedicated time due to professional commitments.
Firstly, I would like to thank both the professors for their valuable lectures. I was particularly looking for the basics of clinical trial and this course has covered most of its information. I would highly recommend this anyone looking for the knowledge in clinical trial.
Excellent course for me, as I'm a pharmacist, I'm working in clinical research area and I was looking for acquiring more knoledges and reinforme my previous knowledges regarding clinical trials, I'm gonna llok for more courses regarding clinical trials.
Although this whole topic is new to me, all the learning I acquired in this course was very valuable. I am very grateful to Dr. Janet and Dr. Lea for their contributions and knowledge, and for using simple and very complete language on the subject.
Even if some of the topics might be considered "heavy" and boring, the organisers and presenters of this course made sure that everything was easy to understand.Overall: Very useful for future work and topics were presented in an interesting way.
Great course - lectures well done. I loved the last last lecture and just wished there was more of the comparisons they drew between studies to bring the point home. Its always good to see good and bad studies to understand flaws and strengths.
Very helpful for learning practicals of why studies are designed certain ways, and how to understand and extrapolate from the research to determine if this research is actually helpful for advising the treatment of our patients in front of us.
Great starting point, offers fundamental knowledge on clinical trials design and interpretation, gets you familiar with the terminology and arouses interest for more information on this very interesting and exciting topic. Excellent course!
I was interested to know about how clinical trials work. This course has helped me understand the details and technicalities associated with trials and so much more. The entire journey of learning has been amazing. Thankyou.
I think this course was really helpful for me, I am doing my Ph.D. and I have to carry a functional food clinical trial and this course helped me a lot with insights about the basic aspects and design of clinical trials
I learned a lot about clinical trials! I used to be a lab specialist for CTs and know I have a better understanding of the terms that had been quite vague to me before! I am happy I took the time to learn this course!
As a beginner and not knowing much about clinical trials other than reading them from the news, I learnt a lot about factors to consider when conducting a clinical trial. Good course for beginners and well explained!
The course is outstanding in terms of understanding the minor definitions. I deeply go through every slide and the way they gives us an examples on every topic is really helpful and which incline me to learn more.
I wish it had in all languages, including Brazilian Portuguese. It is an excellent course, I learned about the most diverse forms of study and research. The course is very valuable for my career and life mission.
This course has certainly provided the essential knowledge about clinical trial designs,Moreover the lectures are of optimal length and does not burden you,The way the course is designed and taught is excellent,
I am a new clinical research coordinator nurse and I took this course to gain knowledge about the studies I am coordinating so I am more familiar with the design of studies I am in and so I can be more efficient
Definitely a great add-on cert for those with healthcare professional backgrounds, biomedic graduates, prospective public health grad students, or those wishing to pursue a career in the pharmaceutical industry.
Great class, Janet in particular is fun to listen to and you can really hear her dedication to the cause of making knowledge about clinical trials more broadly available.  Last week (week 6) is the best by far.
It's quite helpful to learn about the clinical trials, especially since I'm newly transiting my career to this filed from the translational research field. Most of the modules are quite new and tough to me.
good intro to clinical designs although i wish there is more info on the statistical analyses to piece everything together to provide a better understanding of everything, but overall an awesome experience
I have learned new skills through an excellent way of presentation.The fundamental structure and the contents of the course material are to the point.I would love to enroll in to other courses in coursera.
That was a excellent lecture experience that I ever had online. With no doubt the professors have made a wonderful job enabling us learn more about the clinical trials. Thanks a lot for the opportunity
Thank you so much, I can't express in my words I am deficient in financially but not in mentally, Coursera supported me in financial to earn certification.Thank you so much from my bottom of the heart
I would highly recommend this course as I found it well-structured and helpful. After studying all the materials, I gained a great amount of knowledge in designing and interpretating clinical trail.
The instructors have broken down the concepts in a very effective manner and have designed very thoughtful discussion prompts. The course really helped me understand the basics of clinical trials.
This course is well-designed, well-paced and well-structured. The study examples described in this course really help you understand the importance of design and interpretation of clinical trials.
Very good course, I have post-diploma in Clinical Trials Management, but this course was a good reminder of what I've learnt so far. Strongly recommend to anyone interested in clinical trials.
This course really helped me to understand trials and gave me starting knowledge about how to design a trial. But it is not enough itself, and you should consider taking biostatistics classes.
Simplified every aspect as much as possible .Take home message without technical jargon  is the icing on the cake.Thank you so much. I would love to attend other courses from your university.
This course does a good job of introducing fundamental concepts necessary in Clinical Trials. I would recommend this course to anyone looking to build a foundation of knowledge on the field.
A very good course for beginner to get a hang of how clinical trial works in real world setting. Instructors give lots of real Clinical Trials that help us link to the course materials.
It was a very useful course to get started on evaluating different studies. This will definitely help me to improve mi capability on choosing good articles for their revision. Thanks!
Succinct course which includes a good overview of clinical trial design as well as additional readings for deeper understanding of FDA requirements and guidelines for clinical trials.
As a medical student, this course was and will be very helpful. I believe that, in order to understand clinical practice, we must also understand where its base knowledge come from
I work as a protocol activation coordinator for a large clinical trials office. I am new to this role and this course was very valuable in helping me get started with this career
I have just started working in the clinical trials field and I find this course very useful to deepen topics that I didn't have yet the opportunity to study. I do recommend it!
A well-designed course. As a biologist, it is relatively easy but I learned a lot while the experimental subject is human beings. It provides a great aspect transition for me!
This course is excellent to introduce you in the topic, and the content is very well. This course provided me the knowledges for connect data of preclinic and clinic studies.
Simple language, to the point discussion, case study easy to understand. A Course a layman can understand. I would like to have such course on bio equivalence studies also.
Very informative and well structured. Pleasure to learn!I will definitely expand on my knowledge with further studies on these topics inspired by the excellent presenters.
Extremely useful for scholars and post-grad students, or really, anyone who is interested to work in the field of Clinical Research. Thank you for a brilliant compilation!
It's very informative , with lots of essential info. about clinical trials , If you interested in knowing the fundamentals of clinical trials , so this course is worthy !
This course gives a excellent overview of design and interpretation of clinical trials. I recommend it for all graduate students and people involved in clinical research.
I really enjoyed the course and believe the information was really beneficial.  They gave great examples of studies that included the techniques that were being reviewed.
I think is a great introductory course, covering main topics and issues on clinical trials. In my case, I was completely new on the subject and it was very educational.
Very comprehensive and understandable. Thanks for uploading such an informative course. Now I will read the method section of the article that I use to skip very often.
Great course for people in clinical research field. This intense information on randomization and clinical trail design is very helpful to me to advance my skill sets
Very insightful. I have been dealing with reading, interpreting and presenting clinical trials for the last 20 years and still learned lots. Thank you very much.
Great introduction to RCTs.  As a data scientist, I found the discussions on the different RCT designs, as well as the methods for randomization, very valuable.
Very beautifully built course. Gave me a good understanding about the RCTs. The best thing is a concise but precise information that is very student friendly
This is my first course in Coursera and I found it really enjoyable. It is well organized and easily explained. I improved my knowledge about this argument.
Excellent course for those in the healthcare and pharma background. It helps a lot when you refer to research papers which include a clinical trial aspect.
This course is well design to get through understanding about clinical trials. I really enjoyed the quiz part, which was thought provoking and well planed.
The knowledge you'll learn and obtain in this course is rich and very helpful. Please spend time watching the videos and reviewing the materials carefully.
Good, didactic material. I liked the discussion part because it allowed us to reflect upon the things we've just learned and apply them to our backgrounds.
This was my first course in coursera and i understood the basics of the course. The concepts were well explained with related examples and case studies.
The course gave me the exposure to CONSORT guidelines, different types of study designs which is very helpful for my Clinical Research profession.Thanks
The course is excellent. However, I feel, it shall also incorporate issues like protocol designing, case record form designing, sample size calculations
The reading materials were very useful and the lectures were highly informative. The assessments were very simple. I was expecting trickier questions.
This was a great introduction to Clinical Trials. I would recommend taking a statistics refresher before this course if you haven't had one recently.
it was a really good and informative course , however I a struggling to retrieve my certificateAlternative email- Sadeeka.ismail@hiv-research.org.za
A nice and succinct overview. Even though I was able to get a full score on most quizzes before watching the videos, I still learned something new.
I have learned to a great extent as i wanted.I would recommend everybody to learn from course era if somebody is eager to learn some good courses.
A very informative and interesting course.
Despite the complexity of some issues, they manage to explain them in an understandable way. Thank you!
Amazing course. They discuss basic principles and provide some insights about complex ones too. I'm loving it! Thanks for setting up this course.
The course gives a great introduction to the design of clinical trials. It is very useful for people starting to approach this field of studies.
This is good course, which provides very basic and fundamental of clinical trials. I strongly recommend for whom interest in clinical research.
Excellent courses. Very informative and organized lectures. I would like to learn more on data analysis, non-inferiority design and etc.
Very good explanation of design and study types. It is helpful for my work. The tests are great and good to understand. Thanks a lot for
This course gives a good description and a detailed overview on the statistics used in clinical trials. The lectures are easy to follow.
I was able to deepen notions that I had worked on by myself.The speakers are impressive in their knowledge.A thousand times bravoAlain
Great - very interesting, would love to see something that addresses phase 1 (safety trials) and how they are designed and evaluated.
This course was exceptionally educative, short time but the information was packed full, thank you for putting together this course
Excellent course. I would recommend this course for everyone who are interested and don't have the opportunity at their institute.
Excellent and structured introduction with a lot of new information, even though I am working in the field since quite some time.
The course offers a good introduction into clinical trials and is  broken down into bite-size sections that made learning easier.
I learning tools for design clinical trial and congratulations to excellence professors University Johns Hopkins  for this course
well crafted and easy to understand. The quizzes provide real time self assessment and are excellent for learning and motivation.
This course is amazing and interesting, I recommend it for every student, I learned a lot and earned skills of clinical research.
Excellent course for understanding basics of clinical trial in detail. Very useful, informative, detailed sections with examples.
An amazing course especially for professionals who work in clinical research operations. Very knowledgeable and interesting !
Excellent professors! It was discussed the main topic to have a better overview to design ad understand the clinical trials.
Excellent & quick overview of clinical trials.Fundamentals of clinical trials are thoroughly described in a stepwise manner.
I learned so much from this course. I thought the lectures were very well designed and easy to follow. Thanks Janet and Lea!
Great introductory course about Clinical Trials methodology. It helps if you have some background knowledge on Epidemiology.
Eventhough my English language is not strong, i just can complete this course as requirement! Excellent! Thank you very much
Clear, concise, and well-presented, should be part of corporate educational programs for staff involved in clinical trials.
Excellent course. Highly recommend to all health professionals interested  in understanding the basics in clinical trials.
It is pretty exciting course with rich knowledge in clinical trials' field which is well expressed with practical examples
Excellent course, very informative and engaging lectures. However, visuals could've been better in the lecture slides.
It's detailed and well-designed course, which could be helpful for digging into Clinical Trials and how it works!
Very informative course! I took it as a refresher and it helped me to review many concepts in Clinical Research.
Good course to refresh knowledge from Clinical Epidiomiology, expand some skills and prepare for ohter courses.
it was a straight forward and engaging course, definitely i will go for more specialized training in this area
Clear, focused and succinct.  Thoroughly enjoyed it and many thanks to the Instructors and team. Best,Tomader
the course is mainly an abstrast of clinical trials, if there are more detailed information would be better.
Comprehensive, pitched at just the right level.  Perfect length of course. An eye opener - highly recommend.
great pacing, great information. really enjoyed the instructors' enthusiasm and obvious depth of knowledge.
The lectures are in-depth and complete. I'm able to learn by revisiting the lectures again as I require to.
Very balanced course. It helped me to facilitate communication with the Clinical Department in our Company.
I really enjoyed this course. Very clear lectures and materials, an excellent introduction to the subject.
Great course!! Teachers made the concepts very simple to learn, even if they are quite difficult subjects
Indeed, a very helpful course! I was able to learn and improve my knowledge regarding the design of RCTs.
This is really good course for beginners who interested in clinical trials. I really enjoyed. Thank you
excellent if you are begining at the clinical trials world, or if you want to complement your knowledge
Very in-depth and all encompassing for anyone looking to increase their knowledge of clinical trials.
Excellent high-level overview of clinical trials including methodological and ethical considerations.
It was a great course that provided detailed insights into the understanding of the clinical trials.
It was easy to follow lectures, gained much of knowledge, especially liked case studies of RCT and o
This course is very interesting and I learn a lot about Design and Interpretation of clinical Trials
Very interesting and rewarding, difficulties in translating some scientific terminology  in Greek.
It was a perfectly paced course. This has definitely added to my knowledge about clinical trials.
Vvery informative, even though I had some difficulties, the lectures were not hard to understand.
Great course! The terminology was well-explained and documented with examples and good material.
Great course!  This will help me in my graduate studies and future career. I have learned a lot.
finally  completed this course and  have came through new topics and learned more and new thing
Very straight to the point. It was amazing to learn something so complex in such a simple way.
Very good introductory couse, the lectures are very clear and the order  is very good as well.
Excellent primer on the types of trial designs and how to interpret study results and reports.
Clear and easy to understand presentations, well structured, made it easy and a joy to learn!
Well structured course. Great course to for a newbie to get started on clinical trial design.
I am happy that I took this course. The authors have done a great job.Completely worth it !
Truly a great lesson in Clinical trials! Thank you for dedicating your time to this course!
A great introduction to Clinical Trials, their designs and confounding factors! Thank you.
Amazing introduction to clinical trials especially for rookie like myself. Well done guys.
A beautiful course well detailed for a beginner and made simple enough. Highly recommended
Understandable and enjoyable. I took home a lot of valuable inforrmation from this course!
A great starting point for diving into the world of clinical trials.  Now to learn more.
Excellent and concise introduction to the design, analysis and report of clinical trials
Very informative with lots of reading material, very knowledgeable faculties, thank you!
More quizzes, short lectures, more slides with video, more interaction with instructors
Very useful course to refresh knowledge. Materials presented in easy-ti-understand way
Woow. It is amazing. Simple method of giving information to reach advanced knowledge.
Excellent course for those who do not know and want to learn about clinical trials.
Much better course for those who want to improve thier skills in clinical research
Excellent course and it's helpful for the understanding of clinical trials clearly
Highly recommended and informative, I don’t regret doing this course. Thank you.
very informative online course  for those who working in Clinical Research Field
Excellent course. The material presented was well organized and easy to follow.
it's a very important course for all who want to know about clinical research
Gives a good understanding on how Clinical Trial works and its various types.
This is a very good course to form a broad knowledge in clinical trial design
It is an excellent course that enriched my understanding of clinical trials!
This has been a very helpful venture for my Public Health career. Thank you.
very informative course. give me a overall picture of clinical trial design.
The course was very extensive and informative and useful for all. Thank you
Very good experience and thorough detailed explanation of clinical trails!!
A great introductory course in clinical trials; designs and interpretation.
A very good course: useful information explained in a clear and simple way.
Excellent course to enhance your knowledge about clinical research methods
Fantastic way to learn more about clinical trials. Certification worth it.
a very useful course, it provides basic information for clinical studies.
Really helpful course to take as an introduction to clinical trial design
It was very informative and easy to access, follow and complete course :)
Good way to get closer to Clinical trials and learn the basis about them.
It a great course for some interested in learning about clinical trials.
Wonderful Course! I really gained a lot from this course!! Appreciate it
The course really deals with great insights of randomized clinical trial
This course is really helpful to know about randomized clinical trials.
Excellent free option to engage in better appraisal of clinical trials
Very well described and enriched with knowledge in a simple language.
Excellent course, i learn so much from this course. Extensive course.
Very easy to follow, concise yet informative.Thank you and well done.
This one really helped me to understand the clinical trial overview.
An amazing chance to get clear in the clinical trials interpretation
Very useful. Important aspects highlighted. Systematic presentation.
very interesting course , but need to be shorter and more practical
Valuable course, Thank you, Johns Hopkins University and Coursera.
Very good course contains all the materials and excellent material
great course, I've learned a lot of clinical trial especially RCT
Excellent course, highly recommended for us, clinical scientists!
This has given me an in-depth understanding of trials, thank you!
Very informative and fruitful course with qualified instructors
Excellent course, I would recommend this to anyone interested.
Easy to read slide materials with concise presentation videos.
Very interesting material, clearly and concisely presented.
Best course and nicely posted all videos and the material.
Great course, easy to understand. Good point of referral.
great course, anyone in the Health field should take it.
This was an excellent, well delivered course. Thank you.
Great course. I am happy that I could participate.Ernest
Excellant presentation and crisp sharing of knowledge..
it was very helpful to learn Design and clinical trails
thank you for these lectures, it was really very useful
Presented in an engaging and easy to understand format.
Great course! Lots of useful knowledge and real cases.
Excellent learning resource! Thanks JHU and coursera!
I learned so much and am excited to take more classes
Intresting and informative course for design of clini
Great course, every minute and penny spent is worth
Great time, I've learned a lot of new informations.
Excellent course on the basics of clinical trials!
very easy to follow and super useful in real life.
really like the course, looking forward for more
Nice information and happy to enroll this course
they made a complex course simple to understand.
Very helpful! Especially for me as an oncologist
A lot of information about the topic. I like it.
Very good and educational course. Learnt a lot
Very informative, Adaptable and Succint course
Excellent and very useful course! I recommend!
Awesome lecture! I'm really glad I took part!
Very informative and easy to follow lectures.
Good! I like this course! Thank you very much
Excelent for understand about clinical trial.
thanks alot for teaching us this great course
Clear explanation all throughout the course!
Best course to know more about Key Points of
Loved the course, super helpful! Thank you.
A very good course. I highly recommend it!
Very informative course for the beginners
Very Informative and Interesting Course.
Excellent course for practice clinically
Excellent course, as usual from Stanford
well designed course and fair evaluation
Informative course also for clinicians!
I learned a lot about clinical trials!
Amazing content, beautifuly explained.
Useful and interesting course for me.
The course was engaging and on topic.
amazing and I have understand it tota
I learnt a lot, thank you very much!
Thank you for the detailed lectures.
Extremely useful, really well done!
Thanks for such a wonderful course.
I can fully recommend this Course!
An excellent introductory course!
Very thorough and well-explained!
It was a very informative course
awesome course for researchers .
test were hard but time was good
Comprehensive and informational
Very well, lot of information !
Its a great course I loved it
An excellent overview o RCT!!
simple, easy and to the point
Great course and instructors!
Really it is a great course
Synthetic and user-friendly
Good. easy, and informative
excellent corse! thank you!
Thorough and comprehensive
Awesome and  clarifying.
Very clearly presented
Short but very useful!
Very GOOD lesson!!
really enjoyed it
Concise and clear
Very much useful
Really useful !
nicely done :)
Recommended!
THANK YOU .
THANK YOU
Love it.
