If you don't want to actually learn what anything means and just get walked through steps on how to do things then take this course. But if you're a beginner to HTML, CSS, and Java Script, this isn't for you. He doesn't actually TEACH you anything, he just takes you through the process. They haven't updated the course content to actually match what is on GitHub's page, so from the start you have to go into the FAQs to figure out where to go from there. It's really frustrating because he will just skip steps, and because he doesn't explain WHY he's doing something, if you miss a step, you get completely lost. I've taken a few coursera courses, and this was the most frustrating course I have taken.
Unclear and outdated guide to installing the programs required for the course. Very disappointed.
the course itself is awesome, the teacher is great, but it looks like it was left aside and nobody takes care of it anymore. the forum doesnt help, thats just people asking to review their things and even if you post something looking for help there are no answers. its really outdated in the point that you cant complete the assingments without long hours of trying to go around that. its really frustrating. i really liked the classes and yaakov is a great teacher, but this course really let me down
Yakoov does not provide support in the forum, there are not teaching assistants so if you get stuck even if you rewatch the lectures you will not be able to get the assessments done. I tried to reach to him on Twitter but he never answered nor provided an explanation of what assessment 5 is asking for. Plus is teaching style is very difficult to follow. Dont waste your time please.
This course sucks!! There is no way one can be a beginner and learn HTML, CSS and Javascript from this course. They jump right into really difficult stuff even in the first week and don't even go through the basics even though it says "basic". No way in hell one can learn to code from this course, such a waste of money!!!!
I started today and I already found the course outdate. I am a beginner for some of the contents and for me is already impossible to keep going through the course. They should upgrade the course and the methods. They show some Github screenshots that are very old and some functions that are not available anymore.
Unbelievably outdated videos.  Reference to versions of software that are more than 20 version old.  Once you are in the class you will see countless issues raised by students because the instructions don't align to current versions of software, especially github.  Shame on Coursera for including this class.
I didnt like this course.  I found it to be confusing.   Compared to other CSS JS HTML Courses such as the one from Michigan or Hong Kong Universities which are quite clear and crispt and refreshing, this seems like a work in progress.  Confusing, convoluted, odd.   HTML CSS JS Are Actually not very difficult.  This course makes u question your own name.  Makes you think basic math is Calculus.  It needs work.  Lots and Lots of work.  I cant recommend it to anyone who is serious about learning JS HTML or CSS.  It accomplishes the exact opposite.  With regards to that Chinese Restaurant field trip.  What the hell man?  Is this a joke?  Have the lady call 1800 Web . Com and have a cookie cutter just add water web site.  This segment is silly.The rest of the segments?  Confusing.
Obsolete. You are required to install a program called Node, in the video there are n steps, in reality, there are n+x steps. When he checks the version he has 4.something, I have 12.something. Not to mention that the program comes with all sort of other things that are installed (that are not in the video) - that I have no idea what they are. The GitHub current layout does not match the video, and at some point, you are required to press a button that no longer exists. Bottom line, the course is obsolete and don't trust that the things the software was supposed to do 5 years ago still does today.
The course material is nice and brief. The main problem is I am unable to make payments for a certificate . I tried about my 10 cards but unable to make payments. Without a certificate, a whole month has gone in vain. I am really disappointed. I have tried everything mentioned in the help center but nothing works.
Course is outdated the only support is video lectures or other students who also dont have the answers. The course is completed by the instructor using a Mac which also means that some things are different on windows and are not explained.
I won't give any star .....it was  waste of time ....he was telling evrything in mac but I'm window user ......can't uderstand lots of things thats the only reason I'm leaving this corse in the middle. So much complications were there .
It needs a lot of updatesJust 4 assignment for all the courseThe quiz between modules are week and not very helpfulThe last assignment to complete the course has a  overwhelm level of complexity.
I took many courses in coursera and they was very clear except this course .The task of any teacher is to making any course easier , this teacher makes everything very complex
I found there was too much information given in the course lectures without enough practice to learn bit by bit to really understand what I was learning.
Everything is out of date. The course needs to be updated for the new release of Bootstrap. Working through these assignments is nearly unmanageable.
doesn't have to be that complicated with command prompt actions from the beginning of the course, that make the motivation drop very fast.
Translation from English only on the first slides. I thought it at all lectures. Spent a lot of time beginning to study.
This is really a bad course.It's lecture are very complicated.It's assignments are also tough.Course Plan is very bad.
This course is actual for Mac machine, all instruction are for Mac only. I use Windows so it unuseful for me.
Is out of date. The first week is hard to follow, because the sites are very different right now.
This Course is so un-interactive and boring,I don't recommend buying this course at all.
Found it difficult to follow the lecturer. Decided to learn somewhere else instead.
So outdated! I have had to research so many alternative options and commands
he doesnt teach well very poor...please dont waste your time in this course
its almost impossible to submit assignment with all these github rubbish!
The hardest part (last section) is discussed in the least details...
I hate courses which instructors ask their course rules in quizes.
The course is too outdated and is a little confusing.
worst course donot explain anything properly....
remove github project stop promoting tht
Too hard to even download the software.
I don't understand anything he says
Lacakage of details.
Very confusing
bad course
The content is EXTREMELY outdated. Lots of the implementations only fit the web development environment from FOUR years ago. The course materials were built in 2016. I had to double check at least 70% of the instructions from all kinds of resources because what was taught in the video does not work anymore. It could have been such a great course, if the instructor spends some time fixing those bugs. Now this thing is full of bug
Old information, course need to be updated.
I really like his teaching style and complete explanations of topics BUT..... This course is based on an older version of twitter bootstrap and the newer version (4) is not compatible so I had to constantly look up how to change the code.  In the middle of week 3, I wasn't even sure what parts of the code were the problem so I decided this was not worth it.  I'm going to find some other course that either doesn't use bootstrap or uses the updated bootstrap.  I think this course would be much much better if it did not rely on Bootstrap.  It's a great program but it involves a lot of complexity that doesn't seem to be necessary at a beginners level.
The HTML and CSS sections were good, especially for beginners. I took other HTML/CSS courses before and struggled with some specific concepts that this course was able to explain in a way I could understand. However, the Javascript section was very poorly taught. I can say that I have no idea about Javascript even after barely passing Weeks 4 and 5. I think the way it was presented didn't really teach you how to do things or help you understand concepts, but rather, "This is what we need to do for this specific project, just memorize what I'm doing without any explanations for why I am doing what I am doing," in addition to the fact that you only get one coding activity per week - the final assignments. I think that the course really needs to have a system where students regularly are practicing their code they are learning, not just learn ~20 lessons and have a big assignment at the end. Maybe some students can learn through rote memorization, but I feel many students, including myself, would struggle because we aren't being taught the actual concepts. I would honestly say that maybe after some self-study on HTML/CSS and even JS would be a better foundation, and then maybe take this course once you know the fundamentals, because if you are anything like me, you'll just need to go back to self-study for JS to understand the basics after taking this course.
I would be very very happy if i could give 5 star to this course beacuse the instructor is awesome and he explained things beautifully but THE COURSE IS PRETTY OUTDATED.I am struggling from the beginning this course as the course is recorded in 2015 or 2016 now github changes a lot,somehow I figured out Github but the main problem is Bootstrap.Oh man thats really frushtating week 3.They used bootstrap version 1 but in 2020 bootstrap 4.3.1 is running . In 2020 these are not Acceptable
The course and the instructor is good, however this course is outdated and I would not recommend it for a fresher.Please update it with current standards (2020 ) if possible.P.S. Thank you Yaakov for your efforts.
Unfortunately this course was too difficult for my level. I had some very basic knowledge of html and have finished a course in Python programming. I thought this would give me enough of a general sense of programming before I'll get into this course. Unfortunately not the case and I gave up in week 2 although having paid for it. Mainly for two reasons. 1.The Balance between lectures and practice coding examples was definitely too much on the lecture side. Before you even start writing one line of code you're prone to watch 26 lectures already, each one of them introducing new concepts and syntaxes. With some of them being quite complex, this is way to much information too remember before one gets to the actual work.2.The pace is too fast. I wasn't able to follow a single lecture with 100% video speed, as Yaakov's talking is quite fast and not always easy to follow. An extensive course if you're very serious about web development and have at least already some basic knowledge. If you are a beginner, not recommended.
Hardly consider this a beginner course. I have some experience programming in other languages so it was not unbearable but there was not nearly enough practice problems or hands on activities to get you a strong understanding of front end development. The amount of time spent on the CSS lessons was too short and at times very confusing and hectic. The JavaScript even more so. There were times where the instructor said “I won’t go into this because it’s something you should understand already”. This was unhelpful as the course is marketed for beginners. I would expect a beginner course to teach everything we should know for the basics. The course just felt outdated and abandoned by the instructors or TA. If you want the certificate, go for it. If you want a real understanding of front end development and an instructor who will teach you the ins and outs of it for a beginner, I recommend looking elsewhere.
The Course Material is outdated, HTML and CSS are fine, not the easiest tutorial but with a little extra effort, you will make your way through. When it comes to bootstrap, it is outdated using version 3 while now it is on 4.xThe discussions and forms are helpful to help you get over some stuff.Js content is old, it does not teach you the basics since it depends on the fact that you are already familiar with programming, yet it does not teach you the advanced Js or the most updated version ES6.Week 5 about Ajax, Json and some Js code was a total mess, had to pause look for other resources to understand those topics then reverted back to the assignment right away.There is some good effort made here, but there is always room for improvement.I believe the assignments were not that challenging, and the quizzes were just repetitive  and did not add much value
Aug 2020 review: 1- The course is outdated, the bootstrap version is old, the jquery files are old, if you have the new versions. you can't go on with the same codes in the lectures.2- I thought coursera is an ad-free platform! the course of full of what I call "personal ads"!3- some codes are written in the projects without being recorded in the videos! you just open the next video and :OMG where did it come from?4- Part 5 was ambiguous for me, I needed external resources and youtube videos just to know what is going here.5- The method of just "I've prepared some code" and commenting on it is really annoying.6- The introduction to  JavaScript week was good as an idea, but too much information in too little time.
Absolutely not apropriate for very beginners. Lacks explanation of "why" through all the videos, simply giving you information to remember "If you do this, this will happen". Such a structure of explanations doesn't give freedom in the future to do something different, as you don't get a general understanding of what you do. Additionally, all course is tought in Mac. Some commands are different for windows, and they were not even mentioned in the videos! I did not sign up for this course to be forced to spend hours in Google, trying to find how to do something, that supposed to be explained in the lesson.Overall, the course absolutely lacks attention to windows users and is not appropriate for absolute beginners.
This course is way too much outdated. Git/Github videos are not adherent to new versions and I had to rely on Forum to get the correct directions. On week 3 I was struggling to make glyphicons and menu work properly without success then I noticed that Yaakov recorded the videos with Bootstrap 3 and there were significant changes in version 4. It is time  that´s why official documentation was not helping. Figure out the changes, specially for begginers like me, is hard and time consuming. When you update the course I´ll finish it and review it again with more stars. For now it is just waste of time.
Setting up the development environment is sadly dated. GitHub has changed and doesn't match the videos so any information delivered doesn't help get someone up and running. Videos run way to fast when someone is working between multiple windows to accomplish tasks. Update info in videos and course would have value. Expecting people to pay to update tech skills in unrealistic in todays competive environment when you are competing against other pla
one of the most annoying thing to me is that most of people are using windows and it is so hard for them to understand mac even if you tried to explain it to them , also because the versions of apps which is being used in this course are so old , the up to date windows 10 versions cannot download browser sync as the node.js version in this course is so old . also the FAQ of this course is not explaining the problems very well.
The course if outdated--you have to teach yourself a bunch of Bootstrap because the lectures are based on an earlier version. The Javascript section of the course doesn't give much hands-on experience with JS at all. I recommend just teaching yourself through the Duckett texts suggested in the course.
The course is very thorough, it is explained at a university level, but the content is outdated and many elements don't exist in css or javascript anymore which made me spend more time finding the new versions of the code than actually completing the course.
Superficial look on Ajax/JS. Maybe this framework should be avoided in the course. Just to make qualitative focus on simple scripts. Frameworks and ready made libraries are useful but spoil the deep understanding of basic things, making them noizy
it can be made more efficient in terms of information. many tagss and important concepts were skipped out like tables,form,and all sorts of input types,keyframes,media query advance,javascript dom basics were not that apt
Few tasks, just a lot of online lectures. When you had gone through all the lectures and were finally going to start to code. You could not remember all that information.
The course seems way complicated when it's supposed to be an easy one.The manner in which they give out information is also confusing and seems rushed.
the Course content is great and the Tutor is doing  a great job but I didn't like the fact that i'm forced to use Github to submit my assignments
out of date. git hub is completely different than the video and it's complicated trying to correlate it
the bootstrap is outdated and had to be done on my own. the javascript part was also a bit rushed
First part (HTML&CSS) are good, but JS is to fast and hard to follow for the beginners.
Its very confusing when you dont have same options and things dont happen the same way
very bad course but i have come to the point that  it is ok for the beginers
First of all clear the meaning of keywords before using them in code.
Github method outdated , complicated to understand for beginners
Its not telling properly that how we could submit assignments..
Just a bunch of videos and not much else. Youtube it.
So old now that most of the setup is outdated now.
Module 5 should have been way better!
Github crash course is outdated.
JS and Azax is not clear
a lot of it is outdated.
Very outdated
In short: Good: Instructor explains well, course is well structured, contents can be followed easilyBad: outdated content, mainly Bootstrap 3Detailed:Week 1: Introduction to HTML. I'm not exactly new to HTML, so I kind of skipped the first week videos and did only the quizzes, which were not difficult.Week 2: Introduction to CSS. I had no experience with CSS, so found the contents really helpful. The assignment at the end, while not difficult at all, helps to practice the contents of the week. Week 3: I like the idea of creating a website from scratch as you can see the thought processes that goes into designing a website and can also pick up few tips and tricks on the way. That would be my main takeaway from week 3. Bootstrap is also introduced. However,  the contents in this regard are outdated since the instructor uses Bootstrap 3 but as of 2019, there is Bootstrap 4. I did the assignment using Bootstrap 4 and there are definitely differences between the two versions. Nevertheless, it is not that bad, since it is possible to find the required information from the Bootstrap documents, w3schools, stackoverflow etc. Week 4 and 5: Introduction to JavaScript. The instructor goes through the fundamentals of JavaScript and the explanations are illustrative and good. The assignments at the end of the weeks are, on the other hand, very basic and way too easy.
course need to be updated it takes a lot of time when you stuck to a problem a then you realize its because of outdated content then it becomes very annoying.
HTML and CSS modules were great for a beginner like myself. JavaScript (+AJAX) was a little rushed however and I could have benefited from a slightly slower progression and a few more, more involved assignments covering JavaScript & AJAX topics/concepts in smaller chunks . From what I've heard, the JavaScript portion is a little out of date in some aspects as well. The course  nudges you towards Yaakov's Coursera Specialization on Angular JS. I feel it should at least briefly acknowledge that currently React is a more common JavaScript framework, and new learners may be better off directing their attention to learning it instead of Angular JS.All-in-all, still a good course. Yaakov is a fun and likable instructor. I feel that I now have a good grasp of HTML and CSS but will be seeking further understanding on the basics of JavaScript as well as some more advanced CSS.
Lessons on html and css are very good, better than other coursera classes, so I suggest you to give a look at those. In general, the teacher is very good, even though I found the javascript part less deepen. A week, and partially the last week, are dedicated to the construction of a restaturant site. Unfortunately, the student role is pretty passive: you'll just look the teacher at work, you'll not build a site in this course. I skipped much of those lessons. But the most disappointing point is for me the excessive simplicity of the assignments. The assignments are the primary reason why I decided to take a MOOC instaed of simply reading a book. I expected much (interesting) assignments and much more practice...
The course was okay but I didn't like that the only time we did any coding was at the end of each week. It made it hard to really learn/retain the content we were being shown during the week/module, and also made it overall less engaging/fun. I would have much preferred small assignments instead of practice quizzes, and to have also completed the class with a final project I could show others. I also found the instructions confusion at several points in later modules.
this is a good course but in last you know that last week is rough in this course and the site used is made very earlier which creates many problems cause today's the version is very different and i would recommend to take a course which is released in 2019 or later cause this is very old one 2016 so you can think how much problems i have faced to do this. please upgrade the course as soon as possible
First, the content of the course is too old for the ongoing changes in technology and how to do things - Github and Node, for example. There should be, at a minimum, additional instructions to correct the content of the video or make it currently-valid. Students spent a huge amount of time trying to find out what they had done wrong and how to mitigate. Second, the instructions are for professionals. The instructor just goes to destination (like launching Shell on his Mac), but no explanation on how to get there. again, students have to spend a lot of time figuring things out. I think if people already know how to do things and just want certificate, then this is a good way to get their paper quickly.
There are 5 modules in this course, of which the first 3 are great and well explained, Mr Yaakov does a great job at explaining the basics and slowly making it more challenging. Unfortunately, the last 2 modules (which are Java Script) are extremely confusing and difficult to follow, making it overwhelming and frustrating.The last Java Script module (Module 4 and 5) require prior programming knowledge, which was not specified prior to starting the course and did not state exactly what kind of 'basics' we need. I understand there is an updated version in the works, I hope some of the feedback regarding the Java Script modules is taken into account. .
Good lessons but the issue for me was that some of the video content was a little outdated. For example, it doesn't cover the update version of github website and how to use it. That being said directions sometime can be a little bit confusing. Another thing is some of the instructions are not clear for instance the guidance to how to submit an assignment. It is also intimidating that questions cannot be answered directly and if you want answers you have to dig a little bit dipper to get exactly what you are looking for.
First 3 weeks were very easy, beginner easy, the last two not so at all. a big step up in complexity and quite challenging. This course has lots of videos, but simple concepts and content is difficult to filter out. There are no written handouts providing further content, you are referred to books. It is best to have there and be familar with them before starting this course. John Duckets books are great for HTML and CSS.Simple and direct, without the fuss.
I thank the creators of that course and the instructor Mr Yaakov for his efforts. It was an useful and an interesting course in spite of the fact that I found some difficulties with understanding what the instructor is doing in some parts of the course because sometimes it seems that he is skipping to explain the reason of using some methods or steps.About the assignments at the end of weeks, they were really helpful, good and also easy to do.
In general, I like the ambition of this course which tries its best to include HTML, CSS, JavaScript all into one course. However, in doing so the material is pretty challenging for someone who just starts learning web technologies and I personally find it very hard to keep up with my understanding when it reaches the final week. I hope the course can be improved better by designing materials that are easier to start with.
i have given the course a three star because its a bit outdated but if u really want to code u will find out the solution.The bigger problem is your doubts dont get cleared or answered ....or it will take few days to get a reply for your query.So,i guess there are better courses avalible on different sites .At last u will learn siginificantly about the topics but not really grab the code.
I liked it until the video about setting up a git repository was outdated and doesn't provide information regarding the changes in git hub that do not match the current video. I couldn't complete my set up because I didn't know what to do next. The forums have been stating that the videos are out of date for months now. I would consider paying to finish the course if it were updated.
The HTML and CSS parts were good, but the JavaScript part felt hurried. Also JavaScript has changed enough since 2015 that an updated course would be strongly preferred. I found c****demy's JS offering to be a good complement as you do a lot of hands-on there but don't see it used in the context of a website like you do here and it covers new ES6 JS.
The course was great until JavaScript kicked in....trust me for beginners, the depth level of basic Javascript concepts is inadequate . No doubt Yaakov is a good teacher but he could have made a detailed session on Javascript concepts...jumping straight into the functions will not only make the beginners lose interest but also it wastes their time .
The course is great, except some part of the program version that the course use a little bit older than my version. It takes me some time to find the right answer. even if this course provides a lot of resources, I still had a difficult time to understand. But in gernaral, the course helps me learn a lot of basic HTML5, Css, some JavaScript.
The course is really great but there's a catch, begineers might struggle in Javascript phase as the instructors jumps directly to working with functions with only little basics covered and might end scratching your head which was my case . p.s: learn Javascript function basics and then proceed with Javascript
It is no that perfect.The instructor focus on explaining what the code do instead of implementing it in the same video.I think the only downside is that he prepare his code and we can't implement the code at the same time because it is already given
Week 4 and week 5 could have been more better with explanation for beginners, suggestion to use video or screenshot for assignment to be done, as what is expected is sometimes not clear from the problem statements
The course is average but the content has become obsolete now. The course is using BootStrap 3 which is not in use for 3 years.Also, the JS portion of how to use it while developing a website is very very less.
Course Is Awsome .Instrustor gives his best .The only thing that troubles me is that its not updated using bootstrap 3 for assignmnet and here i get badly stuck .Except this everything was perfect
This is a very nice course but it is outdated. The versions of bootstrap and jquery used here are too old. It would be nice if cousera updates this course.
other things are good but ajax parts and some JS lectures are not easy to understand for a beginner but those are difficult for intermediate guy like me.
Backdated content and as the course goes forward the instructor tried to bring a lot of contents without giving proper and understandable  introduction .
Good explantion in all the modules except the last one.I couldn't catch up with the instructor.Otherwise this is a great course for your basics.
This course is little tougher for beginners but has a good course content which cover almost every basics require to start web development.
Using old versions bootstrap and jquery in the course is confusing for me also for JS som parts aren't clear enough for me
This is a good course but many components are outdated....a new update should be launched or else its difficult to cope up
It was a bit fast and some things were not well explained but other than that a great course, love courseera already!
I wish the course would contain more excercises instead of just listening and anwering one or two questions.
I do not have an apple laptop so hard to understand.. and some of application are different that it shown
it's a good but not good enough it's have some old things it's need to improve and need more js lessons
It isn't updated ! Has some subjects that tells to join a group to wait for updates of the course
HTML and CSS were explained very nicely, but JS, AJAX and JSON explanation was not up to the mark
Well thought out lessons but uses a very outdated version of Javascript. Needs updating.
Good course still need explain much better. Some assignments are tough but good to solve
It's really good for html, css and bootstrap. However I do feel a bit confused about JS
The JavaScript section is a little bit difficult to grasp for an absolute beginner.
The course taught me a lot. It could have been a little more interactive though
last 2 weeks of this course needs basic knowledge of javascript to start.
The course tells about bootstrap 3, while the bootstrap 4 is relevant.
Quite confused while solving Assignments. Explanation is just 'OK'.
There was a lot of out of date information featured in this course.
Please update this course very hard to understand for beginners
Bit outdated course. It should be updated according to recents
I like this course it is very easy because of the trainer
It was a great learning experience. Thank you Professor.
HTML,CSS was great but js was not up to the mark.
Pretty average. Check out Angela Yu on Udemy.
Lots of things changed since the video made
JavaScript Content should be increased
very old content, needs update
Firstly, this course is not for beginners. If you don't know basics of HTML, CSS and especially JS (author also noticed it) you must learn it by yourself before entering this course or choose another one. If  you're super beginner it will be much confusing! Secondly, there are a lot of old information ( starting from github set up and finishing with old stuff in lectures). For example, you will study  old version of Bootstrap wich CSS classes was to much updated in latest version so it's too foolishly.However, this course gives a lot of useful information to supplement your knowledge. There were a lot of neccesary things that i learned, and i suggest you to take this course if you know some basics of  HTML, CSS and JS.Good luck!
Very good all-round intro and specialisation to HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript. The constant loop back to real world problems is very helpful in applying the learned skills. What lets the course down a little though is it not being up to date - I think its around 4-5 years old now and in the frontend world thats a long time.
I learn a lot about HTML and CSS3
Course was good, but last assignment felt lackluster. There was lots of code that was went over in the last week and it wasn't broken down at all and the assignment barely skimmed the surface. Other than that, I thought the other weeks were really well laid out and the assignments fit the subject matter.
The content of the course is excellent. Descriptions are also excellent and very complete. The course has been created so that most people can understand what's happening here (even if you're new to programming).I'm only giving this 4 stars because there are some things that make this course too slow, in my opinion. I don't think you need to mention which file we are working on [after the first couple of times] because we can easily see that by the name of the file and the browser of Sublime. Those are a few seconds that are a waste of time. Secondly, I think that the questions in the practice questionnaires are a bit too easy. I didn't feel like they prepared me enough for the project at the end of week 2. You mostly ask if something is true/not which is too easy to guess. I think you would greatly improve the quality of the course if you designed some mini-situations. For instance (not sure if Coursera allows it), show a mini mockup and give 10 lines of code. Then ask how you will add another div to the top right of the mockup so that it aligns with the current code without breaking. Making those exercises not the same as your lecture code is going to help improve self-awareness. Currently, I think that people find it way too easy to select the right answer, since it's easy to remember what you said and what not. I also understand that you wanted us to like the page for good reasons (because you look an extremely radiant and happy person) but I think you oversold it a bit. You should have mentioned that once or twice, but no more. Seeing it in a few of the examples wasn't quite my cup of tea.On a good note, I was extremely [pleasantly] surprised when you did that real world project thing. That was an amazing idea and you're executing the details quite well (not writing 100% code on-screen, etc.).  I really like how you sometimes say that we should look up the reference by ourselves, since that's what most programmers do (I study CS and after 3 years, plus a 6 month internship at a big company, this can't be more true).I'm definitely giving this a 5* if you fix the questions to be harder and a bit more different to what you said in the respective video. They should make you think. Also, some of them could be open answers, requiring you to recall classes/code by memory (or cheat by watching the video). It would be nice if the answer was in some reference, so people could learn to use that too.
I think this course fulfills its purpose in providing a comprehensive introduction to the three basic web development components, and showing the ways they are implemented through a real project. The problem is that, from what I can tell, this course is almost 5 years old and there doesn't seem to be any kind of update or revision, many times I got errors or bugs in my test code while following the lectures, with no way of telling if I did something wrong or something changed in the implementation. Also, the coding assignments felt way too simple for the amount of content that was presented in each module, even without having a good grasp of the concepts it's easy to get a 100 since the comments basically hold your hand through the code.In general, for someone like me who had basic knowledge of HTML and no prior experience with CSS and Javascript, I got what I expected and I feel much more confident in learning more about web development, but the course definitely shows its age, so there may be better options nowadays.
This course was great in terms of material composition and the lecturer! I learned a lot and will definitely recommend it to others. I'm also taking the AngularJS course, because I really liked this one!On the down side: in my opinion, the assignments (especially week 3 & 4) could be more challenging, as the course is targetted at web developers, so people familiar with coding. I found them quite easy. I understand that the last assignment was aimed mostly at forcing students to view all the lectures or get familiar with the provided code, but doing something bigger for the assignment (or at least without such obvious hints) would be a nice challenge and bring more value to the certificate, I think. Splitting week 4 into two with separate assignments is also worth considering, as there was a lot of material covered in the last week, in my opinion (but I may be biased, as I went through the last week in a hurry, because I was late with my assignment).
Cons: 'let' and 'const', which are important concepts of JavaScript haven't been discussed. Differennce between window and global isn't discussed but used interchangeably. Assignments of module 4 and 5 are most of the part easy, they could be made a bit harder. I felt that Ajax code could be made easier to understand. I gave extra 3x time just to understand the Ajax from other sources and then the ajax code present here. Pros: Apart from all the cons mentioned above it is nevertheless a recommended front-end web development course for beginners. You will learn HTML, CSS, bootstrap, git(hub), JavaScript, ajax, http, a bit of jQuery, DOM, etc. Just an advice to the students: don't be afraid of using external resources to understand the concepts better, specially Ajax, document, window/global, Http requests, rest API and jQuery. w3schools and MDN are the go-to sites for this course.
I have already undertaken a primer course like this through Coursera but found this one to go into more of the specific terminologies and concepts at a granular level. I thought overall the pacing was good and the application to a real world application in the form of a restaurant website was helpful in grounding the concepts. I have marked the course down a star because some of the information relating to Bootstrap is now very much out of date. There are a number of elements that no longer function the same as the Bootstrap framework has moved on quite a bit (4.5 at time of writing) and this course has not been updated to account for those changes. I found the odd piece of javascript didn't function quite as it should as well, also probably due to the age of this course. I found the Week 5 module quite difficult but would say I've learned a lot from this course.
The  HTML, CSS  and javascript parts are VERY enjoyable.  The videos are nice and short and Yaakov is an extremely good presenter with lots of enthusiasm. There are a lot of review questions which builds up confidence.  I personally found the ajax part to be over my head - because we are jumping into the code without a basic conceptual understanding of what the structures in the axaj wants to achieve.  Thank you however for the explanatory links to the w3school ajax pages.  I thoroughly enjoyed the course - and appreciate the manner in which you are making the course materials available.  I also learned to use git in the process and this has been extremely valuable.
This is a very good introduction to HTML, CSS and at some extent to Javascript.The first two topics were very well explained in details. The classes had a good pace and every topic was made very clear. The exercises at the end were a good challenge that matched the level of the course and gave us that extra incentive to push a little bit beyond.The Javascript part was a little faster than the previous two topics (HTML and CSS). If only one thing should be corrected at this course I'd say that the same pace should be followed for Javascript.I'd definitely recommend this course as a great introduction and one of the best courses I've taken at Coursera so far.
The class is very well put together and the instructor does a great job explaining things.  I enrolled in this class just to see how things worked on coursera and wanted to do that with a simple starter style course.  Personally I think that this course should have stayed away from  ui-toolkits and js frameworks (maybe just using something like normalize.css or reset.css).  Maybe going into more things like @imports and writing maintainable html. css, and javascript.  Anyway, it is minor i guess because in the end you still had to do some overriding of styles so you did write some of your own css.All-in-all it was a fun first course for me on coursera.
Overall, it's a great course with a clear and right way of teaching where you can learn some programming basics and understanding how the web development works (example of creating a web site for a real customer). But unfortunately, the 4th and especially the 5th week (with AJAX) were explained superficially and too briefly (it was quite hard to follow at some moments). So, the course is a good starting point but don't expect to start Web Development career after itAnd also be aware that there are some things missing which you're supposed to learn in other courses (AngularJS, Ruby on Rails for web applications and etc.).
The course covered the HTML and CSS part quite well with the third week project tying up everything with BootStrap. The remaining weeks on JavaScript and Ajax leave much to be desired. The content was skimmed through, and the final assignments were ridiculously easy and do not really force the students to explore and research more unlike the first three weeks. I took one star off because of that. Overall, decent course with a very good lecturer who is thorough and detailed in his explanation. Some improvement on the JavaScript part would enhance this course further.
Overall very nice job!  Rated a 4 because I feel the JavaScript was too rushed.  I think the final usage of JavaScript should be reviewed with an eye toward a beginner programmer.I liked the website development theme and interview with the restaurant owner, but that disappeared along the way.  Maybe the final week, instead of making the special random, could be something the owner changes that the code has to change.  Perhaps that change could involve a change to HTML, CSS and JavaScript, although that might be ambitious.Again, nice job.  Learned quite a bit.
like everyone said this is awesome course. I just want to mention several things it can improved.1. assignments are too easy such that you can not really learn much through finish it.2. this course contains fair amount of content but don't go much detail into each topic especially the final week class video. it could have contain much more detail about how to implement the code and the mechanism behind it. Unfortunately that part is missing so you can only get a very sketchy whole pic and in the end what you learned from that part is just some funky words.
First of all the instructor had a really well put together material and equipment (sound was clear, the slides made sense, there was live coding in some lectures).The assignments where challenging enough in weeks 1, 2, and 3.For the 4th week however, I found the assignment a little difficult due to lack of explanation caused, in my opinion, by the fact that the we only had one week to introduce JavaScript and ajax.Overall I definitely recommend this course to someone trying to enter the web development scene
I could understand what's going on from week 1 - 4 moduls, but having a lot of hard times for the 5 & 6 moduls. I'm not sure why, maybe it's simply because they were hard to study.. it felt like everything went so fast there, there were some stuff that I couldn't understand, but was explained pretty quick. Or it's probably also because english isn't my language? So, I can't really blame.Overall, I enjoyed the course a lot! I was really happy, especially to understand Git's, CSS, & bootstrap's basic.
This was a great course and gave me a very good starting point for HTML, CSS and JS. The only negative I found was that the JS module seemed a bit rushed and the assignments at the end of last two modules didn't really test my understanding of JS concepts very well. They were too simple because the starter code had a lot of things already written out. Making them more barebones and having the student fill out most of the details would be a more hands-on and useful activity in my opinion.
A good course for beginners, consisting mainly of following along as the instructor demonstrates code.  The assignments are short and largely restricted to modifying supplied code.  This is a necessary restriction of the peer-review grading process: the problem must be highly constrained in order for an untrained person to quickly grade it.  You could certainly learn a lot by completing extra examples from a book or other resources, but this is not required to pass the course.
A good course! I really had fun with this course. Mr. Chaikin is an excellent speaker and his course is clear, well organized and the videos are of excellent quality. This course could be further extended because the field is very wide. The only downside of this course is that I asked a single question to Mr. Chaikin and this is one of those Mentor who sent me wandering perhaps because he did not know the answer...I look forward to another course of Mr. Chaikin !
The course content was truly amazing! I enjoyed it a lot. There were many new concepts that I learned, which I think are very necessary to strengthen the basics. Altogether, I would like to thank the professor and his team for such a wonderful course. I would just like to point out that if there could be a conversation possible between the peers who grade the assignment and the peers who are graded, it will be more beneficial. Thanks a lot once again!
The fundamentals seen on this course are fantastic, and Mr. Chaikin is a great instructor. However, I feel like some of the modules are a little outdated (not so bad for Week 3, but Week 5 can be improved) and the last week feels a little rushed. Despite all that, I absolutely recommend this course if you wanna learn the core elements the right way, and if you are open to look things up and learn on your own, as things have changed a little.
Course was very good and content was to the point. Only thing that lacked in this whole coursera was its upload time. Course was outdated, hence problems were faced during course, still, whats the point to reach destination without any hurdles and challenges. After all, a great learning experience and I am looking forward to enroll in more specialization courses offered by coursera. -Sincerely Thank you to Yaakov Sir, and Coursera platform
The HTML/CSS part of this lecture are really amazing (5 star I would say). I felt that the JS parts were a bit rushed through and probably needed a separate course. I am also working on the side (as a backend engineer) and got the chance to apply whatever I learnt and not rely on our front-end engineer so it was great. Thanks for the course leader and the course providers for my first step towards becoming a full-stack engineer!
I recommend this course for people who want to start their studies as web developers. HTML and CSS are very comprehensive courses and JavaScript is a little bit harder if you're a beginner in this. The teacher has a really good explanations and he stimulates all the time to keep going. The meeting between the teacher and the client to implement a web page for a restaurant is very interesting and makes more real the job.
Great course, covers a lot of areas. Things do get quite advances, particlarly later on in the Javascript modules so you might have to watch it a few times. Yakoov does a great deal of explanation in order for you to understanding, but somethings might not sink in straight away. The assignments are a great way to troubleshoot issues and their is great support on the discussions fourm. Would recommend. Thank you!
It's a very nice course.Didn't put the five stars because its time to put up to date some content, it would like to see the last version of bootstrap instead of the the 3.x, and the last notation and changes on ES6, specially for the http request parts, as promises are already supported.But for a person that is new to this kind of knowledge, this course is a big deal¡¡ congrats
As an Iraqi student I have to give huge thanks Yaakov Chainkin. He is enthusiastic and explains the materials very good. I hoped to know more about navigation bars, anything else was amazing. Also, I think the organization needed some sort of simplification. I really hope if this professor can teach in our American university.Thank you professor Yaakov Chainkin.
A wonderful course which helped me to make my first website and learn the basics of HTML, css and js. However I believe that in the final week, explanations could have been better as most of the times things went straight over my head and I wasn’t able to keep up with the instructor. But still, it was worth enrolling in the course and I’m really happy
It was great experience learning this course later confusion started so I ve rated it 4 although.Reasons why I rated it 4 :1.Not taught ES6 which is demanded nowadays2.AJAX not properly explain (according to me) although its okay because AJAX was not main motive in the course. Atlast I can say one of best course .Thats it ,Keep it up.
A Good and worth course to learn. It helps you to build an good foundation in HTML and CSS and a little introduction to JavaScript in the case of beginners. Sir Yaakov Chaikin is great at explaining topics. Thank you very much for him and the entire Johns Hopkins team for providing us such an wonderful course. Thank you very much.
The Ajax  part was my favorite part of the course, i'll not give a five star because third week for me was a little to much talk, i know its importante to talk about getting specs with the client or following a wireframe, but we have another courses for that, and sometimes thas was not how it happens in the real world
Good course, however I missed javascript troubleshooting (use the browser dev tool to step through the code). Also, it would be helpful to mention right of the bat the used technology stack and *version* (I only noticed it was based off bootstrap 3 halfway through the course, when we reached the bootstrap lectures)
Have completed 3 weeks, and find the course very good.Lot of effort to build the content, very clear and detailed and explanation and if you repeat it yourself while going thru the lecture, the concepts will be get much more clearer.Programming is all about practice, but this could be a very good starting point.
I loved the course. It has a mix of everything that is needed to create a simple website. The only constructive feedback from my side is to redesign the structure for Week 4 and Week 5 because the CORE concepts are taught very QUICKLY. Also, the assignments should include more coding without much spoon-feeding.
It's a very good meginner to intermediate course but I can only give it 4 stars because it used outdated float-based framework like Bootstrap 3 instead of a flexbox-based like Bootstrap 4. All in all, it was worth taking it and I'm hoping it will be updated when Mr Yaakov  has some spare time.Thanks Yaakov!
You learn how to produce a viable webiste and a lot of things that can help you develop your skills as a web developer.Sure it can get better because some things are not clarrified and u might have difficult time starting and learning the fundamentals and the logic of how to use the tools you are given.
A good starting point for learning HTML, CSS and JS - will give you the very basics for these 3 technologies. But be careful - it's only useful for beginners. Also CSS is based on bootstrap 3 that at the current moment is a bit outdated (in 2020 there is a Bootstrap 4 with a big\dramatic changes)
First 3 sections were clear and concise but the last 2 were not so. All information was helpful along but the last 2 sections were not very beginner friendly. I'm not sure if this is what this course was meant for but explaining a little more and slower would be helpful for newer developers.
The first half is great for beginners but the second half definitely gets more challenging if you're completely new, which they do tell you but it's a bit frustrating to find out later once you've already started and have momentum. Otherwise the course is well taught, and very informative.
It is one of the best course of Coursera, It helps me to enter the world of coding, however as a beginner I found some time course has more pace then my understanding. Overall the course is outstanding and would recommend every beginner who wants to pursue their career in web development.
Very nice course, I learned a lot from it, and met all of my expectations. Perhaps it would be better to have better explanations on some of the lectures on weeks 3 and 5, because of the use of commands that weren't taught in the course per se. Overall, I enjoyed it a lot!
The course was great. Everything is explained simply yet with a great amount of detail. The staff was superb in their support and responsiveness. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the length. I feel like the JS/AJAX portion could/should be two weeks instead of 1.
It is a good course for begginers, everything is well explainm, though  somethings are outdated, you can still learn the basic and start from there to keep improving you knowledge. It gives you the basic in HTML, CSS and Javascript. Hopefully one day it will be updated
This was a good course. The most valuable parts were the practical tips: using the Chrome developer tools, showing console.log(), etc. The first two assignments were challenging and fun. The last two on javascript were a bit less useful, but overall a very good course.
This is 5 years outdated but also it also taught me a lot and a certificate is an added bonus. The instructor explains everything as much detail in which he can in the limited time. So I would give it 4 out 5 minus one because it is outdated but still pretty relevant.
Great course, though the javascript part is very fast paced and could be extended a bit more. As a beginner, sometimes it was very difficult to understand some code lines without using outside resources. Nonetheless, it is an awesome introduction course for beginners.
The course is a good opportunity to get started with html, css and javascript. Personally I would have liked more time doing more smaller assignments. If you are totally new in this it might get somewhat fast. But of course that's the reason to start the challenge!
Great course to start learning html, css, and javascript. I personally would have liked a bit more in-depth discussion of Javascript as it went a little quick for me, however I would definitely recommend it for anyone looking to learn some web development skills.
My first completion of a Coursera course, the materials are interesting. The JavaScript part of the lecture is kinda overwhelming, I wish we could have more practice and some more in depth or involved homework to help me understand the material and practice them.
I wasn't being fair on my review, it was my mistake that I didn't see this is a part of a bigger course. I feel like it doesn't deserve 5 stars because the way the exercises were made didn't help me retain information. I feel like the students should do more.
The HTML and CSS portions are excellent. The JS and AJAX portions move at a very brisk pace, making it difficult to understand and keep up. I have some cursory knowledge of programming and JS but it was still quite challenging to fully understand module 5.
This course is a bit old but still, it will help you to study Mr. Yakoov have done his best in this according to the time of recording of this course. Study properly and don't copy the assignment from anywhere otherwise you are not gonna learn anything.
Nice, the assigments were a little too easy in some cases and the last part with javascript it was a little too quick with all the code to make the webpage dynamic. But in general you learn all the basics to amke a full website with html/css/javascript.
It was very informative and fun with HTML and CSS until I started Javascript where I really struggled. I think Yaakov is a great teacher but if you do not know the rudiments of Javascript you may struggle a bit. Other than this, I enjoyed it. Thanks!
4 stars because the course is short for the interactive part of web development. Yaakov Chaikin glides through AJAX. Wish that would have been in more detail. However, rest of the course was enriching for a beginner like me. Thank you for the course!
I have  just started this course, but I can already tell it is like no other on this site. It already feels immersive and I feel like i'm really part of the group. All the other courses seem harder to follow a long, but I feel great on this course.
Good for people with no knowledge of web development as well as for technical people looking to refresh their web development skills. From the entire content, only the AJAX part went on bit faster(and thats why 4*), otherwise a pretty good course.
Everything uptil week 4 was very clear and very well explained, but I found week 5 to be very tough and I don't think I understood everything there. I am gonna read the recommended book and then come back to it, and that takes off 1 star from me.
HTML AND CSS ARE QUIET CLEAR AND WELL UNDERSTANDING. ADDING BOOTSTRAP TO THE COURSE MADE THE COURSE MORE INTERESTING. HOWEVER, IF JAVASCRIPT HAD BEEN CLEARLY EXPLAINED, IT WOULD BE MUCH MORE PRODUCTIVE FOR US FOR BEING DONE THIS COURSE.THANK YOU
This course was a nice into to HTML, CSS and Javascript. If you have no previous background in programming, the js will be very hard to follow and is quite complicating. BUT this course will get you thinking and excited when you solve a problem!
Good for beginner, except for JavaScript part where you will need to study JS externally as it may appear quite complicated without programming knowledge. Not so good for experienced desktop developer who wants to learn web: it's all too basic.
I loved this course.  It filled in a lot of knowledge gaps that I had.  My only reason for not giving it 5 stars is because the JS portion went a little fast, and it was difficult for me to keep up with it having minimal experience with JS.
I could grasp HTML, CSS and Javascipt. But Ajax, CORS, JSON and all were really rushed and just touched upon. The last week of this course is not very satisfactory. But rest of the course is SOLID!.  Thank you Yaakov! A Great Instructor <3
This is a very good course for getting your fundamentals. I like all the content it provides. It can be made better on the Javascript part where explanations can be made little slower or some more references may be provided to explain.
Every module in the course was exceptionally fine, except the half part of the last week was quite complex for me to understand. But the instructor was outstanding and his style of teaching was very impressive and easy to understand.
The instructor is great and I had fun watching Yaakov. I've also learnt a lot of stuff. I wish course would be a bit longer and contained a bit more challenging assignments. Especially those ones which are in the middle of week.
I really loved the course and the teaching by Yaakov Chaikin sir but the rating which I gave is because the course is outdated in few places. The course was recorded in 2015 and hence it would be great if the course is updated.
There was very less practice and understanding of AJAX compared to other topics like HTML, CSS and Javascript. Very less hands-on practice was there for AJAX, otherwise the course was very well set up and very well explained!
Although i liked everything about this course, the only thing that i expected could be improved is the JavaScript lessons. Better to start off from the basic before moving on to the intermediate topics. Thank you Sir Yaakov.
Yaakov Chaikin deserves 5 stars but the course is not up to day. I would love another course by Yaakov just putting the content on this one up to date. Yet, it teach enought to understand the fundamentals of each topic.
This is one of the best course for the HTML,CSS and Javascript. The lecture given by Yakoov Chaikan sir for each topic is explained in a very simplified way and easy to understand. Now i have confidence in my knowledge.
The course was very informative and challenging at the same time. The resources provided were very beneficial and helped me learn HTML, CSS, and JS. I recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn web development.
Excellent course to learn about the basics of HTML, CSS and Javascript.I wish there could have been more exercises that could have been done post the course completion and more detailing on the JavaScript and Ajax.
Every Module is explained very well but i didn't understand the last Module properly for the 1st time because we didn't explain every part of javascript completely which became though for many students like me.
This course is very helpful to grasp knowledge of web development. Instructions are very clear and understanding. Tutor teaches everything very thoroughly. Very helpful for me I enjoyed learning this course.
Course became complicated  after 3rd week and hard to grasp it due to unavailability of hard coding. Please try to code with us rather than paste the worked code which makes  difficult for us to understand.
A much appreciated course !!! This course give me a boost in my studies further in Web development. Will appreciate Johns Hopkins University team if in future you will provide the course on Node.js as well.
The course is very helpful to learn the basics of how web page work.I learnt Html,CSS,JSbasics and in detail.It help me lot about responsive website.Excellent work was done by Yaakov. He made it very easy!
Course is good but the content of course is too old because I thought rather than bootstrap you need to teach flexbox which is good for bigeners and it's a new thing and some JavaScript content is old too.
Great course to start learning front end web development. The HTML and CSS segments were very good. The concept of creating a website throughout the course gave it a better understanding of the concepts.
It was a perfect course for front-end development. For me it was the last week that made all the difference between a 5 star to a 4 star rating. Other than that it was as good as they get. Amazing work!
This course is good for beginners of HTML, CSS, and Javascript. But it's a little bit outdated in 2019. Of course, to be a front end web developer, you have to learn more than HTML, CSS, and Javascript.
I'm completely new to coding and this course covers HTML and CSS well so you will get a good understanding but when it gets to Javascript, be prepared to study outside of the course it gets pretty hard.
I like this course.This course is really helpful for the web beginners.but I only rate for 4 stars.I think the assignment is not too clear and I have some problems in doing it especially assignment 5.
An excellent course for beginners. 5th week was a bit rushed i.e JSON,Ajax and jquery. So i had a really hard time getting grasp of them and took a star out of my review. Otherwise wonderful tutor.
Besides the Course been very good, I thing it could be a little bit harder. After watch the lectures of Module 3, I got sad because the Assignment didn't asked for a lot of things we have learned.
Great course with structured material. A lot of explanations on "why" and "where it comes from". Yaakov is a great speaker. But I'd prefer more difficult practical tasks during week 4 and week 5.
A lot of things learned from this course...but I think the last module should be better as it was the toughest among the all and require more explanation. But thanks for the course by the way.
Overall course was good but too short course according to covered material. not everything elaborated well & not doubt instructor has extraordinary knowledge and excellent way of deliverance
it's hard if you are not into coding, but the guidelines are good and the material very complete. it needs updating as some of the resources had changed or moved since it was put together.
It is a great course for beginners. I loved it till the CSS part after that I was stuck for a while and couldn't get it over. I guess thats my programming problem, otherwise its awesome.
Course is great!But I have to say there should be more practical excercises (writing code) through first and second part just to use html and css syntax in real world not only on quizes.
Nice Course overview and an unique way of taking us to the field trip. Gained a lot of insights on how to deal and expect from the clients professionally. Kudos!! Prof. Yaakov Chaikin.
Project assignments are too easy, I will like them to be more challenging. Other than that, concepts and explanations are very clear and leave space for your own research. Nice course!
Great course. At the end it became a little bit complex and a lot of content, but the way the course was set up works very well for me. A lot of fundamentals in it, too. I like that.
It was a good course and very thorough. I did get a bit lost during the Javascript module. A lot of detail in a short period of time. Would prefer if that module might be simplified.
Great course all the things or topics that are necessary for starting out webdev are explained beautifully.Learned a lot from this course.Looking forward to learn more about webdev.
the course was great , i just think it's a little too lengthy , it can be broken down into 2 courses i think , which will facilitate a more detailed study . otherwise a good course
This course really built a strong foundation in web development. But I do feel like they could've taught more and since the instructor was great, I would've loved to learn more
Would like to see a second part for this course to pick up where it left up. Maybe even discuss further week 5 material and more. Maybe have more coding assignments for part 2.
It's a really nice introductory course and I have learned a lot. In the end, it's kind of loosing the depth though when it's comes to AJAX and applying JS for web development.
I felt the module 5 was a bit fast because I had to slow down that module when Json and AJAX was introduced. Else its an excellent course which everyone should register for.
Sir its a very good course but plesse make your module5 little bit more understandableif it is possible to do so.Because I have to put on extra efforts to understand it .
It helped me easily grasp the core concepts of HTML CSS and Javascript Coding. I'm still not too good with Ajax, but I feel like I've taken a step in the right direction.
Go through the topics of week 5 and study them before hand. Please do that or it will be difficult for u to understand the week 5 topics.Course was good, learned a lot.
This course is very good for HTML ans CSS but not for Javascript as this course is of 2014 some old technologies are used in JavaScript.Overall the course is very code.
Superb course and recomended. Only problem with me while learning through videos is that i get distracted while the code is being explained. that my personal issue.
Great overview of HTML, CSS and Javascript. I found the last week (Week 5) a bit tough and hard to follow, otherwise Week 1-4 was well explained and well paced.
It is an excellent course. However the last part, wich is about JavaScript is too short, and provides too much information.It should be more detailed and longer
Well organised and presented, but the assignments need to be "meatier". There's almost no actual coding involved, very little scope to practice what we learned.
Almost self-paced courseClarity and availability of materialsOptional quizzes and challenging module assignmentsDifficult AJAX and JSON could be made simpler.
The AJAX part could have shorter sections of 5-6 minutes at most.The course could use more images/animations - too many explanations given at the code editor!
Bueno para aprender las bases aunque un poco desactualizado. (Good for learning the basics, but it is a little out of date with things like Bootstrap and JS)
This course is really good. The explanation and videos are really interesting and good. but only problem is that this is not updated with the new versions
The HTML and CSS portions were great. I feel that the JavaScript section deserved a whole other course and I didn't really learned much on that subject.
Nice job, only that I believe they were quiet too fast with javascript and it wasnt well thought the way they did with html, css. Great Job. Cheers
Excellent course. The instructor is amazing and explains things very well. The only issue i felt was that week 4 and week 5 lectures were rushed.
It's a good course for beginners who want to learn basic level HTML CSS and JS. The last module was not explained well the included Ajax , JSON .
This course was taught comprehensively. I now understand certain basic underlying principles of web development. Lecturer knows what he is about.
Great course where I finally learned HTML and CSS (especially CSS), along with JavaScript. I take one star because the course is a bit outdated.
Excellent course, I learned a lot of things in this course and i recommend  who want to learn how to build web page. you should take this course
Most of the course was very enjoyable, but some of the lectures seemed to drag on without much happening and were pretty hard to slog through.
HTML and CSS was good but the Javascript was incomplete, getting data database and update data into database is not included in this course.
Very Nice Course to learn concepts of HTML, CSS and Javascript both for beginners and expert professionals who want to enhance their skills.
Thank you so much for this opportunity and the course should also be windows adaptive but fine with the interface the course went smooth.
This course is very informative and intensive. Covers the fundamentals of Html5 , CSS and Javascript in detail. Worth taking this course.
Thanks to Yaakov for the course. It explains each topic very well, but it should be updated with the technologies that currently exist.
I liked learning HTML, CSS, and Javascript with this course. Assignments are challenging and give you hands-on experience with coding.
Amazing course first 4 modules were awesome , 5th module could have been much better . Overall it was great experience learning here
overall everything was amazing just  got some problems in understanding last week lect. that part which tells who to make it dynamic
This course is very good and useful for those who are looking for something new in their career. Teaching is excellent and friendly.
I liked it, but still a little advanced for me. Starts simple, but I recommend starting somewhere else for Java if it is new to you.
A really outstanding course with great examples. It is really well design and delivers the finest quality of teaching and training.
i think it's really a good course but not for people who begin from zero you have to known some information before about css & html
I loved the course, specially the HTML and CSS sections. The Javascript part was fast and technical, which made it hard to follow.
I really loved the way HTML 5, CSS 3 and Bootstrap was taught! Great job there. I just wish javascript was covered in more detail.
Good course, it gives solid foundation for HTML, CSS and Javascript. Although the last week of the course is a little bit rushed.
This course may was best for 2015 but not 2020. However, if you attend this course you will build alike real project with AJAX .
The concepts are very clear conveyed. Even if you have no backgrounds on HTML, CSS and Javascript, it would be suitable for you.
should update the old rules of github and other old stuff and ajax explaination should be more detailed in easier way possible.
The course was so good all the way through the first four weeks but I think last week should have been divided into two weeks.
This is a very good course for beginners but the course assignments can be made a little difficult to have a better experience
Although, sometimes, I find it hard to understand the codes and concepts, everything else is easy to keep up and understand.
Loving this course so far! Fairly in-depth, yet still easy to follow. Lecturer is easy on the ears and keeps one captivated
Good Course . But week 5 should have been discriptive about ajax and Use of Javascript in it . Otherwise ,the best Course
This is the best Intro to web development course on Coursera. The other courses don't take the time to explain the whys.
lectures related to javascript and ajax ,json of restaurant website was very fast and there was no proper explaination.
amazing course thanks a lot for Professor Yaakov Chaikin, It was very easy to understand the content of this coures.
It's a good course but need a big update because is hard to try to do everything with the old version of the code.
Fourth week of the course was too much to handle and imbibe.Could not practice and complete within stipulated time
Amazing teacher and amazing content. But, I would be happier if ajax in module 5 could be taught in a better way.
Great and enjoyable course, for using javascript effectively definitely another course, further study is needed.
Course content are old still excellent. If they can update new material it will become great beneficial for us!!
Very good session on the basics and Javascript. This gives overall good idea on the Web application development.
It's a great course. It's a good start point to frontend development. It even would be better if you update it
The content of the course is pretty good. Almost every important topic is covered and explained in a nice way.
GOOD FOR PERSONS WHO KNOW LITTLE ABOUT WEB DEVELOPMENT.GOOD COURSE FOR PROFESSIONAL WHO WANT TO GET CERTIFIED.
I feel that I need more explanation about the code, I don't feel capable to solve different problems on my own
Great Course and a great mentor indeed. However felt the need of more videos and documentation of Javascript.
I already feel like a web developer, all thanks to Yaakov Chaikin. Its been a wonderful and exciting course.
I learned a lot of basics on front-end programming.CSS was through - the Java Script side felt a bit rushed.
a good course for the beginner student to learn about html css and javascript for creating a good web page.
Good course. I would recommend this to everyone who are interested in learning HTML, CSS and Javascript.
From java script the pace of the course is too fast for a begineer. Other than that everything is good.
Good tutor.Teaches from the scratch.Easy to understand the whole course because of the way of teaching.
Concise, simple and well structured practical course to easily learn HTML, CSS & JS for web development
The 5th module is quite complicated (especially Ajax). Could've been explained in a more lucid manner.
it was a great and well structured course . it helped me to understand the advanced topics very easily
A good course. It lacks challenging assignments to get 5 star rating.I didn't like the rush in week 5.
it's a Professional course for learning HTML and CSSbut doesn't much helpful for JavaScriptThanks! :)
can be little bit slower i.e should have more lectures to get a deep understanding of the subject..
Professor is a remarkable teacher...no hiccups, no gaps....takes you smoothly through the course.
It was a very good attempt in reaching the students who are interested to learn web designing!!
The HTML and CSS part is very informative and helpful. The JavaScript part could become better.
Lectures from the end were not much understandable, so Ajax and Json couldn't understand well.
I enjoyed the html and css portion of the cs but the java script portion is not for beginners.
the part where ajax was explained was so complicated and should have been done in better way.
I think they should explain Github and Git later on when we are ready to host our websites.
Nice course. The last week should be split into two with more comprehensive js examination.
Very nice course. Must take this one if you want to become a professional web developer...
Excellent course. Liked much for `Review your peer` & `real website design as assignment`!
The last assignment was very bad, but the beginning was nice and useful in the future job
this is a very informative cousre.it helped me to learn many concept and clear my doubts.
The last week's lecture was a bit confusing, other than that, it's a really good course
One will attain great knowledge regarding front end framework.Grateful to the Professor
It is good course for the beginners who want to start creating own website with basics
it was nice to take a course in coursera that to in this university leactur thank you
The Javascript part isn't explained that nicely but overall it's a very good course.
I would had given 5 stars if the last week was somewhat better in understanding.
HTML and CSS was well covered and explanations to them were easy to understand
The last module is a bit difficult to understand. Everything else is perfect!!
Very good course!Assignments deserve to be longer and more challenging though
Assignments may be a little more challenging, otherwise the course is great.
So helpful to gain coding knowledge......good explanation  by the trainer .
AJAX was not explained in a manner that beginners could catch it easily...
I think the last module was little fast and little tough to understand :(
awesomely taught .......specially thanks to coach yaakov.....and coursera
everything is excellent except that it needs more assignments to practice
Good Course, the professor goes into the inner workings of HTML and CSS.
Excellent Course but  i was expecting some more content !! its very good
Week 5 should be explained in a more clear manner. It is rushed a bit.
Excellent.  I particularly enjoyed the instructor's style and content.
javascript part was a bit complex but the over all course was awesome
very good for beginners. Javascript is not taught much in this course
Everything is cool if their are ore examples it would be more useful.
Everything was perfect except the last week which was in such a rush
This course was very helpful.And l learned html java script and CSS
Feels like a better job could've been done from ajax till the end.
Teaching style was very good but the content is a little outdated.
In my opinion you should properly guide us in the bootstrap topic!
course need to upgrade with all latest versions but overall good.
great teachings but somewhat improvement in the use of technology
Nice Course Would recommend more courses from the same professor
Great Course but JavaScript should be explained in more details.
It would be better if the assignments could be more challenging.
Course is good but some part is obsolete. Need to be upgraded.
A Good Instructor!Although this course is pretty outdated now!
Really well taught and the course material is well structured.
some of the information is outdated when it comes to github.
js could be explained more detail,by extending one more week
It's a very useful and modern course with professional team!
Some more assignments and Quizzes if there it will be great
Great course! Good pace, enough challenge and nice teacher.
great course to study if you have some knowledge already..
Some of the projects were buggy and very hard to complete.
very good course i prefer to do many more from coursera
Great course but uses bootstrap 3, so kind of outdated.
a good course. But module 5 needs to be more improved.
I really liked it. Thanks for such a wonderful course.
Could've been more thorough. Basics still well taught.
I felt difficult  to understand from  Ajax  lecture.
Nice dive through into the concepts, learnt a lot :)
really, i enjoyed the course and i have learn a lot.
good course to get in touch with html, css and js
Enjoyed learning the course.Thank you, Professor!
the course content is very useful for beginners.
Excellent course with great series of tutorials.
so far its great just a step to fast sometimes .
Great content for beginners but its not updated
This is a very comprehensive course! I love it!
Sach a nice course and activity is also superb
Great place to know the concepts from scratch.
Awesome course covering fundamental concepts!!
module 5 is very brief not explained properly
thought the bit on html and css was excellent
it could be a little difficult for beginners
Everty thing was fantastic, except last week
Very educative. I'm happy I am part of this.
Very eay to follow and an excellent profesor
Very good course to start in web developing
I have  godd experience during this course.
Should have been slow. But a great course!
Very Good course to learn web development.
I have great opportunity from this course
Highly recommended your course to others.
A bit outdated but overall a good course
This course is recommended for beginners
Best course and sir Yaakov also nice sir
I would prefer more difficult excercises
Tried very best to explain everything.
Very nice course to learn html and css
Its a great course to learn front end
Great experience for web development.
Such a great tutorials for beginners.
It is helpful to create the website.
Very helpful and informative course!
It was overall very good experience
Nice experience with well coaching
this course is a  career  builder
Better If JS is Explained Clearly
Nice way of understanding things.
Learnable and very much enjoyable
The course was designed perfectly
Very useful course for beginners.
Very good Course, very practical
Instructor engaging with student
Exciting and easy to understand
The course was very interesting
It was a very good experience.
Good for entry-level learners.
it is very nice for beginners
Week 5 is not explained well4
great course. i recommend it.
best and very valuable course
update the new version soon
Javascript would be better!
good courser for begginers
nice course and instructor
Nice course, very helpful!
only put Spanish subtittle
This course is quite good
Good to learn from basics
Assignment were very easy
Nice, but not the best.
over good explaination
I feel it is too basic
the course was great
old but good enough
Pretty nice course.
website is so slow
Great course !!!!
i like the course
Its Awsome...
it was fine
prety good.
reasonable
Excellent course, specially if you are a professional but in different technologies/ languages, from the back-end world, etc... You will progress very fast as it goes right to the essential notions.
Very interesting and well presented.  It's difficult to address all the different experience levels so some points were (to me) a bit laboured, but overall a useful, informative and enjoyable course.
Excellent course, period. This is the first course I've taken from Coursera. Before the course I knew something about HTML, CSS and Javascript but not too much.  First week is a piece of cake. Second week was also easy but I did not have a strong logic about the "box model" before, after the second week I had it.With third week things went in a strange way, but in a positive one. We started to code a "real" website (yeah you'll understand if you enroll) from scratch. This was invaluable for me. Reading documents is something, but watching lectures, interact with the real code, try and see way, using Git and Github,  getting great tips, I mean doing real stuff is invaluable. Fourth week is also not so hard for me since I have some basic Javascript history. And Javascript section is not so detailed and difficult, but just for one week it was beyond OK, it was great. Even in basic info you'll learn something. Fifth week is a total stranger for me since I don't know anything about Ajax or dynamic loading pages style. Ok, I know what was Ajax but just the name :) So, after the week I've learned those. At least the concept itself and how to implement it in a simple web site. But I must confess, I watched the videos twice and examine the codes again and again to fully understand what we are doing and how we are doing. Because a week is not enough for this and things go faster. But hey, lectures are recorded and you can watch them again right :) And you have all the codes!Beauty of this course is all the weeks and assignments are related and integrated. So you learn something, finish the assignment. Next week, you learn new things, get new assignments but continue the last week's job. Yeah, you remember the real web site part? And of course last but not least Mr. Yaakov Chaikin is a great instructor and person! He has an excellent way of teaching. So, if you are a total newbie or someone who is beginning of his journey like me do not hesitate to enroll this course.  But please pay attention, if you are so new about those topics, about the week four and five you will struggle a little bit.
This was a really great course, i learned so much, and it was really interesting and very well explained.  I will be taking any more courses done by Yaakov!  Really excellent course, thank you so much.
This is a really challenging course if you've never worked with Git or Javascript. It's well presented and the projects are very relevant, but I would not recommend starting web development here, even if you've had other languages. I tore my hair out and am now starting at the beginning. I highly, highly recommend this course and the instructor if you've had an intro anytime in the past.
Actually the best online course i hv ever learnt,especially the professor yaakov is quiet outstanding.And a field trip in a online course sounds rare and good!!Thank You Coursera and yakkov for this!!
Great course! The concepts were very well explained and demonstrated with code. Building a real website using what was taught makes the entire process more concrete, and it shows the students that they can work on their own projects. Thanks to all who made this course available, and congratulations to the instructor on a job well done.
I've been doing some online courses recently. This is the best course I have done.
Many thanks to the creators of this course! It was a very solid refresher for me, even though I have spent in web development a few years by now. I thoroughly enjoyed every lesson. Thank you, Yaakov!
The explanation of the topic good !.The task given in the course was little difficult but was fun to do. I liked the way the istructor taught each and every concept very deeply.
Very beneficial for every type of learner. I enhanced my skills trough this course.
Excellent course, I appreciate too much what you do as platform letting us counting with excellent tutors like Yaakov who teaches every single thing that's possible in a funny and very comprehensive way.Please keep it up!
I learned very much in this course. I enjoyed each moment studied the content. The teaching methodology is wonderful and teacher is so nice. In general, this course is excellent and I recommend it.
It's cover all details you needed!
Nice Course, I learned a lot and Love it.
OVERALL NICE INTRODUCTORY COURSE TO ANYONE WHO WISHES TO BEGIN HIS JOURNEY IN WEB DEVELOPMENT !
The course is quite thorough for a basic course and is challenging in pace. The work load is higher than the guidelines suggest for someone who hasn't done any programming for a while and is not familiar with object-oriented programming Yaakov is very knowledgeable and presents the material in an accessible way. He throws in some humor, which helps with absorbing the material. The quizzes are good learning guides and are appropriate for the material in the course. They require some thought, but adhere to the topics in the course without assuming additional knowledge. The exercises are difficult and take more time than the listings. But the reference materials are helpful and the online forums are very useful in clarifying points of uncertainty. I found some of the assignment descriptions, especially in modules four and five, to be unclear and it took some additional research to understand the intent of the task.The registration process and installation of the needed software was clearly explained and easy to accomplish. The software worked well with the course and enhanced the learning experience. I especially liked the way BrowserSync worked with Sublime Text and Chrome. The Chrome analysis tools are very useful. The use of Github as a coordinating platform worked well, for submitting assignments. The Coursera UI was very efficient at tracking progress and coordinating the peer level reviewing.Overall, I enjoyed the course and found it well worth the effort despite the few frustrating hours that always accompany grasping new skills.
I wanted to write this review just when I'd finished the course, when I have seen all.I want to thank Prof. Chaikin for this great course. I really liked it and enjoyed all the material. I'm new to HTML, CSS and JavaScript and the course just enlighten me a lot. I had the opportunity to understand a HTML, CSS and JavaScript file, and I know that now I can write a web page and a web application. Now it's a matter of time and dedication by my part. I also realize that my knowledge of Java still applies with JS. I really enjoyed our field trip to Baltimore. Thanks, Prof. Chaikin, for going with us and for sharing, more than the course itself, part of your being. I can tell you are an excellent person. I had lots of knowledge and fun. Thanks again, Prof. Chaikin. I was very nice to meet you...I Also want to thank Coursera and Johns Hopkins University for made it possible for the course to be in my laptop near the countryside in Colombia. Thank you!
A great introduction to front-end web development. The peer-graded assignments motivate me to keep going and stick to the deadlines. The restaurant project teaches not only technologies but also design. However, there are still some aspects where I'd like to see an improvement:Firstly, as a course designed five years ago, the technical details are a little bit outdated though. Bootstrap 4 has been released, and ES6 has been widely supported. Although the essense does not change, I'm still looking forward to the updates of the course.Secondly, I'd like to point out that objects are not passed by references in Javascript. Just like in Python, the value of the reference is copied and passed. Sometimes this makes a difference.Finally, the book recommendation in every week is the same. Why not categorize the books and put them in related weeks? Also, it's sufficient to put the "Connect with me" section in the first and the last weeks.
This is a very comprehensive course (based on my personal experience with Coursera at least) that goes into relevant detail on the topics it covers, but without wasting time on unnecessary trivialities. The delivery is clear and engaging, so if you're interested in the matter, you won't get bored. The material covers all the right topics for an up and coming web designer, providing the right amount of information for a confident start and plenty of pointers where and how to expand on the knowledge provided. Another point in favor is the frequent and valuable engagement of the professor and his teaching assistants in the discussion forums, unlike some other courses that feel abandoned by the staff once they start. In closing, I've checked out several web design courses on Coursera and if you can choose only one, this one would definitely be my pick from all the ones I enrolled in.
Professor Chaikin does an excellent job of providing step by step details of HTML, CSS, and Javascript, but be forewarned, he does assume you have some basic knowledge of the concepts and he'll skip around a few of the deeper aspects of HTML, CSS, and Javascript in terms of time. The purpose is to get you better acquainted with the material as this is part of the "Ruby on Rails" specialization. The latter weeks get more intense and may require a few resets...but stick with it; you'll get the concepts down pat and your problem-solving skills will improve if you keep focus and finish your projects. One final piece of advice; when coding, ALWAYS notate what you do and space out your coding to see it better in action. This will save you a TON of debugging time and will greatly improve your own skills as you will have a better understanding of where you need to focus and fine-tune.
This is a really, really good course. Believe me, because I'm not a good student by any means. In fact, I had to retake a couple of courses back in my University days because I just played video games all day and I just couldn't focus on anything being taught during lectures. But this course was explained in a way, that is really clear and engaging to me. Professor Chaikin even takes you on a field trip, like a "day-in-life" of a website developer to meet a client of his. You are then explained every step of the way in making that website for the client.Just one thing, because the assignments are peer reviewed, the discussion forums are filled with "review my assignment with full marks and i will do the same to yours" posts. Don't be like them, don't half-arse your assignments then beg for full marks, and you will learn a lot. Guaranteed.
This course is amazing, I totally suggest to everyone interested in this field to have a look, but I personally feel that was too theoretical in few modules and I couldn't manage to grasp really well few steps where I felt I needed more practical exercises. I also felt that the last modules about JS was too rush. I can suggest to add more practical interactive exercise and also in the explanation of the steps during the setting part of the software, please add a list with all the steps to follow. I really had an hard time there.Despite this, the course is amazing and it was a pleasure to learn more about this fascinating word. In the next month I will continue to read the books suggested and after that, when I will be more confident on JS, I will jump in making website to someone else other than me. Thank you again and see you around.
The course is valuable especially due to the personality of the teacher. As an obviously experienced developer, Mr. Chaikin provides you with modern techniques of using Javascript and responsive design. You'll probably encounter most of these techniques in the real life of a developer. The course is centered on practicing and the pace is fast. Don't be mislead by the colloquial tone and the quality humor present in lectures. Although the humor is good, you'll need to replicate most of the code examples on your machine, if you want to feel you've really learned something at the end of the day. That being said, the course is not perfect: the AJAX part might deserve more room in the future versions of this course. For those with previous exposure to some web techniques (my case), the course was an excellent refresher.
Great training. I wish it was more complete by offering a more advanced course that is based on 10 to 15 real world projects. More like boot camps that build skills and confidence for entering into the job market more easily and more successfully.  If that kind of advanced training was available then courser certificates would be more popular with learners everywhere. I encourage you to consider offering  another class or expand the existing program that teaches advanced Html, Css, JavaScript employing User Experience and User Interface design skills. I'm aware you have a Ruby on Rails program but Ruby is not as popular as it used to be. These days Full-Stack React and Angular development are the way to go. Also a course on Database design and development would be appreciated. Thank you for this great course.
Instructor seems like a genuinely invested teacher who provides plenty of resources, points you in the right direction in considering how to approach a client meeting, and provides in-depth explanations for what you need to know and do. A few of the later more advanced concepts really relied on students to follow along and type themselves, and you will want both notes and comments in your code to help you remember the important details (<!-- --> in HTML or /* */ in CSS). This combined with one or two other HTML/CSS/JavaScript Resources provides a comprehensive introduction to web design, though! Just be sure to allow yourself time to learn, absorb, practice, and work on the assignments. Plug into the community with detailed information when you have questions and you will be fine! :D
This course is awesome! Before I started the course, I had very little knowledge of web technologies. Now I understand how these technologies (HTML, CSS, Javascript, AJAX, backend stuff) work together. You learn how to write a website from scratch using HTML. In the second part of the course, you will attach a nice design to your website using CSS, and make it responsive, so that it looks nice all kind of different devices (phone, tablet, pc, etc.). You will be introduced into the Bootstrap CSS framework, which is very easy to use and used by many different websites. In the last part of the course, you will be introduced to JavaScript, which will help you to put some user interactions to your website. I highly recommend this course, especially if you are a beginner in this field!
A very thoughtful course. It manages to offer a cross-section that goes deep into web developing. It will be up to the students to broaden their skills later, using the many hints and tools that the course offers. The assignments will make you think, if you want to finish them perfectly. Also, good practices are shown throughout the course. For example, the first approach to JS is made on the console. The field trip was memorable as well. There are so many things that work right in this course. Caveats: sometimes you will want to pause the video and ponder. Sometimes you will want to go back to what you learned in the preceding weeks. You will get more from the course if you stop and just playfully experiment with what you have just learned. All in all, this course delivered.
Why 5 stars:1. The amount of effort to put the course together is evident. It is not easy to go over all the basics in such short videos but Yaakov has managed to construct the course in such a way that we have enough understanding to ask the right questions that we can then investigate.2. Practice quizzes after the lectures are very helful. They help us refresh the concepts and also give us a sense of confidence that we have understood the lecture.3. The on screen recording is done very well. No clutter or unnecessary clicks and easy to follow.4. Engages with students in the forums.Room for improvement:1. A cheat sheet document would be great. I am taking notes but wish I had an organized and concise document that contains the rules/syntax that need to be memorized.
I'm just auditing this course ... don't need credits. Did web development 15 years ago, but not since and wanted to catch up on changes, refresh things I had forgotten and learn CSS better. I think the instructor does an excellent job of explaining and the pace is nice. I had minor confusion at the beginning because GitHub looks different than on the videos, but that was because time has passed and GitHub page changed. Not  a big deal. Also, when the course was made VS Code was not as well developed as it is today. I installed the sublime-text editor the course used, but found that VS Code handling of Emmet was better and VS Code has add in LiveServer to see changes right away. Bottom line - great course & instructor. Gets to the point quickly and effectively.
One of the best courses on HTML,CSS and javascript..Unlike other courses which directly take to higher concepts leaving behind all the foundational concepts,this course teaches the foundational concepts first and then gradually introduce higher concepts as well.Thus making the learning process pretty easy and  at the same time  making concepts clear and free of doubts.I like this approach!! I would highly recommend this course for those who want to understand the basics of HTML,CSS and javascript and clear all doubts which are otherwise created by directly jumping into higher concepts......And last but not the least thanks Coursera for providing best online courses and Thanks Johns Hopkins University for presenting this beautiful course......
This course teaches well what the 3 web technologies  have. HTML5 is only covered  basic as there are more and more features coming. JS is covered to change essential behaviour of the site but also all the perks this language shines trough. I would like to see more server side technologies in future like apache or nodejs as in this course was only used browser-sync for rapid development and git hub pages as usual preview standard. In generall all three came into play in this course well and this course introduced  business aspects like visiting a customer and planing the first mockups for design. Last but not least the instructor also showed advances in using chrome developer tools and ajax which are crucial for consistent responsive design.
This course is awesome!If you have some programming experience but you don't know how to use HTML & CSS & JavaScript to build your own website, then this course is made for you. This course is awesome! Just before taking this course, I didn't even know how to write HTML, let alone CSS and JavaScript. But! After I finished this course, I have built a very well knowledge system about web development and I believe I have had the ability to dig deep into more practical and more difficult fields.Thanks to Professor Yaakov Chaikin and Johns Hopkins team ! Thanks to everyone who makes efforts to improve this course. To be honest, this is the most excellent course I have taken and it helps me enormously.
I am deeply grateful to the team at Coursera for this course. John Hopkins University and Yaakov Chaikin in particular have done an excellent job. I give this course a 5 Star rating because it is well delivered with up to date content and relevant examples. I have really learnt a lot and it gives me a good foundation to build on and develop my career in web development. The section on Javascript was particularly challenging and I do realize that building up knowledge further on other concepts which have been mentioned such as JQuery and Angular JS is crucial. If you are looking for a transformative and challenging course, this is the right one for you. I will definitely recommend this to others.
For the last 7 months, I've been enrolled in all of Coursera's courses related with Front-End Developing and this one is so far the best course ever. This course is very well structured, it's hands on, and get you ready for "real world" development what is great. Yaakov Chaikin is a great instructor, explains well, is engaging and get to the point. It is a very demanding course and you will need to dedicated more hours per week to watch all videos (then what you usually you need in these kind of courses), so you will need to be committed to do it but in the end you will learn tons.Thank you for the Johns Hopkins University team for doing such a great job and a special thanks to Yaakov Chaikin!
This course, HTML CSS JS, benefits me effectively in many ways:HTML: I learned most updated HTML here with a little over 60 minute lectures; wohich otherwise may take me weeks to read two or three books with many redundant chapters.CSS: I have to admit I need more time to be proficient about it. Styling, floating, DOM traversing, ..lots of CSS features that I learned are essential and with just about two hours of lecture.Javascript: A language I am familiar and strange to it until I went through all the lectures. Two ways of function definition; object data type; used to confuse me and now they become clear and dynamically typed Javascript has become one of the language I can write.
This course is an outstanding introduction to Web design technologies and tools. As a backend developer, I was looking for a course to refresh my knowledge of HTML and CSS, and this course went far beyond what I had hoped to learn -- even introducing me to some new tools, as well as filling in a lot of the background of WHY things work the way they do. My only criticism might be that the final week's assignment was not very difficult, and perhaps as a result, didn't force me to really study the material. Otherwise, I highly recommend this course, and I'm looking forward to taking the Angular course in this series. Thank you very much, Yaakov, and Johns Hopkins!
My condition: a total computer science newbie.This course, as its proclamation, is very suitable for someone like me. It is a condense and delicate course, which means in order to get the skill to build a website, the only thing has to be done is following the steps in the video and finishing the assignment ; and yet every topic in the course, even a line of code, deserves further contemplation. "Why Yakkov does this instead of that?" is a question I frequently ask myself during the course.In short, this course provide a solid ground for developing skills in web development, and I sincerely recommend it to everyone who's interested in this field.
I have been actively watching the tutorials for a week, and its really good!! The instructor explains everything very clearly and even a lay man can understand everything from this.I'm very glad that my journey is so  very productive with such wonderful courses, offered by JHP University and Coursera.Hoping to enroll for more such wonderful courses, I would suggest all of you to enroll for this course, to get a deeper knowledge about HTML, CSS and Javascript.EDIT 1: So now, I have completed 90% of this course. This course is super lit folks, I would suggest all of you to enroll for this course, if you wish to start a career with Web Development.
Don't hesitate to start this course because you will lose really really an awesome opportunity to take the fun and great class. As I am the person who is the beginner and took some courses online and offline of web development, I would like to tell you that the instructor of this course is very knowledgeable plus he has experience in the industry I could say. The difference between this course and the other courses I had taken before is that he is trying to show the real industry as he gets a real client during the lecture and indeed, he builds a real website continuously interacting with the real client.  You know what, just take this course :)
Excellent course.  While I have no goal of becoming a professional web developer, as a professional system architect, this course has given me an important foundation in javascript, and added significant depth to my knowledge of CSS and HTML.  Knowing javascript is more and more important as Node.js becomes embedded as the go-to solution for a wide-variety of activities within modern  micro-services architecture.  Yaakov is an engaging lecturer and he addresses some of the more esoteric best practices and javascript kludges quite well.  Javascript is a messy language and Yaakov is up-front and unambiguous about how to do it right.
This was a really interesting course, it shows you not only the granularity of a project, but also how to build it in a way that allows you to keep scaling with different technologies, basically as the title of the course says, you will implement a real site, and Yaakov will give you a ride to the clients restaurant in order to take requirements, you are going to create a website for that restaurant, and step by step you will see how to improve it, from simple HTML structures to complex Javascript code (using good practices). It will give confidence if you already have some knowledge and you will learn a LOT if you are new.
Johns Hopkins University shows how versatile teaching institutions needs to be these days, delivering an extremely well prepared online course. Having Professor Yaakov Chaiking on the driving seat, was certainly a wise choice, as he is a great communicator, able to keep the audience interest up to the very last lesson. I was looking for an introductory course on HTML and CSS, which is amazingly covered during the first three weeks of the course. Javascript was a plus, a highly useful one. This was a great learning experience, and a fun one too! Hats off to Professor Yaakov Chaiking for such a great performance!
One of the best Coursera courses I've taken so far.   The quality of the contents is second to none - Not to mention the way they're presented is simply outstanding.   If I had to come up with areas of improvement, I'd probably say that the length the weekly sections is a little bit overwhelming.  Actually, I think the contents of this course should be split into two separate courses on their own so the various concepts can be absorbed in a more efficient way.I've really enjoyed going through this course and I must say I've definitely accomplished all the learning goals I set for myself at the very beginning.
I liked the course very much! Everything about it is great. Yaacov meticulously explains needed information. The slides are adequate. It's nice to have the information spoken by Yaacov as printed for further comprehension and follow up. The field trip for the website was really good. It's the first time I get exposed to the life of Jews and I found many similarities with my background. Of course there are so much information concerning the course that I need further readings (from the Readings list) and perhaps to restudy the course on my own to have a really sturdy base in web development. Thank you!
This covers provides excellent coverage of the most fundamental concepts of front-end development. The presentation style in the lectures was very clear and easy to understand and the information in the lectures themselves, particularly the ones on CSS and Javascript, was quite comprehensive. I have learned much more about CSS than I ever knew before and have even been able to apply that knowledge in my full-time job as a software engineer. This has all been possible thanks to this course. I highly recommend this course to anyone who is looking to understand much more about front-end development.
A perfect gateway into web development. I would recommend this course to anybody who deals with websites in general. Even if you are not a developer, you can take this course just to know how websites do the things they do. It's concise yet very complete, and very rewarding.All the content is structured very well: the topics are divided into small morsels, if you will, perfect for learning. The instructor, Yaakov Chaikin, is one of the best teachers I have come across and the assignments are engaging and pose just enough challenge to help you learn. Five stars any day.
It's an all-rounder course with a great introduction to HTML, CSS and Javascript/jQuery/AJAX. There's enough formal background to tell you why things are they way they are and what each HTML, CSS, JS component is meant to achieve and how to do it. Great links to external resources as well. The practical examples and assignments do all they should to reinforce that. The course gives a very good base to build on by yourself, or continue further with more advanced material. It definitely helps to have some programming experience for the latter material on Javascript.
Great course! I really enjoyed it. It helped consolidate a lot of important knowledge, in order to create high quality, modern web applications.I do have one suggestion though, which would be creating a version of this course directed to Ruby on Rails. The framework has numerous helpers for building frontend and a lot of things displayed in this course could be approached differently with the help of Rails. I would've enjoyed having this perspective, since I'm taking the Ruby on Rails specialization.Nonetheless, congratulations on the great course you guys put up!
This is a great course for anyone who wants to learn front end web development. The material in the course is designed in such a manner that it does not take much time and yet provides in-depth knowledge about the subject. Five stars for the members of the John Hopkins university team and coursera which spent huge efforts to deliver and create this course. You people have done a fantastic job of creating a course which does not take much time of the learner yet leaves him fully prepared to take challenges he may face in the industry of front end web development.
I've learned bits and pieces of HTML, CSS, and Javascript in school and work. With that said, this course was an easy one for me, nevertheless it helped organizing my prior web dev knowledge, and had definitely shined lights onto some details that I didn't know before. Yaakov did a great job explaining the basic concepts, as well as tapping into the common tricks and pitfalls.  I'd recommend this course to anyone who's just starting to learn web development, as well as those who'd like to put their previous on-the-spot learnings into an organized piece.
I am really enjoying the class so far. The professor and teaching assistants have been very responsive to questions in the forum. I've been looking for a HTML/Javascript course that wasn't a super beginner level course as I have some programming experience but am trying to learn more, and this class fits the bill. If you are very new to programming I wouldn't recommend taking this as the professor moves pretty quickly, but if you're like me and want to learn web development and have some programming knowledge under your belt, this class is made for you!
Highly recommended course!
Because I improve my knowledge of CSS3, I learned to develop an environment working with Git, create pages in GitHub. I wanted to create my first page in GitHub and I made it through this course. I also improved my JavaScript skills and learned Ajax which is totally new to me. And finally and no less important the assignment of module 5 was super incredible. I thank the Instructor Yaakov Chaikin is a great instructor super inspiring and the whole team of mentors were fantastic, they were of great help. :)Thank you very much!
I am a second year undergrad from India. Before enrolling into this course, I was in dilemma whether or not I should take this course up because web development was something that didn't interest me much. After entering the course too, I was reluctant to do it. But once, it started off, it grew all the interest in me and I would not deny it that it is all because of Mr.Yaakov Chaikin. His way of teaching is so engaging that now, I love Web development and I am even thinking of enrolling in your AngularJS course too.Thanks Yaakov and yes, CourseraKavi
I am super confident even with just two weeks into the course of coming out as a really skilled developer, and hopefully have a fairly advanced "developer's intuition". Best part is he has worked diligently on the minutest of details and been careful how on-line learning can be difficult. I have never done coding, and have often wondered what could be special to it. So.. guess the course approaches a specialisation successfully allowing retention of that "excitement & curiosity" that almost always is inherent to learning.Five stars already.
Yakoov is one of the best instructors I ever had on coursera. I am planning to take additional courses from him as instructor. This class is great. I was expecting just the a basic refresher course on the basic web technologies, but I ended up getting more than what I expected. The coverage is just enough to getting off the ground and explore more complex topics. Also, the responsive design coverage was completely appropriate and timely, at least in my case. I highly recommend taking this class and others offered by Yakoov Chaikin.
The course is structured pretty well and interesting. Great Work by Coursera and the instructors. Although I feel like week 4 and 5 is a bit fast. They have a lot of content and depth in them which need certain time for students to get a grip on them as I suppose most of the students enrolled here are doing WebDev for the first time.A week may be added for this purpose(Just my humble suggestion). Anyways, I wholeheartedly enjoyed the course and it gave me  a pretty good insight into WebDevelopement. Kudos to JHU .. !! <3 :)
Absolutely loved Mr.Yaakov's teaching. I began learning web development long ago before dropping it as most of the tutorials out there were not exciting and really lacked in organisation of material & fundamental concepts. Either the tutorials were too slow or went over the top. Kudos to Mr.Yaakov for making the course interesting, dealing more with fundamentals and for the way he integrated HTML, CSS and javascript topics on a real-world website. I for sure learned more regarding web dev over past week more than ever.
Really good course be Professor Chaikin is very thorough in his explanations of the different steps towards understanding HTML, CSS, and Javascript. The course left me with the feeling that though we learned a lot there was still much more to learn. With a course like this, you get out what you put in so I highly recommend committing yourself to doing the assignments and keeping up with examples while Prof. Chaikin is explaining them. It helps a lot if you following along using your own code editor and Browser Sync.
Very practical course, a lot of resources to your disposal, all information is very clear, you have a forum to ask any question and the professor answers really fast.! I can't believe it but i'm getting a lot of fun learning how to program with this languages! Also, the professor speaks english very clear which is great for me as i'm from México and i have no a perfect english. There is also an option to put subtitles on, but, at least for me, is kind of annoying read subtitles and listen to videos at the same time.
I found this to be an excellent course. I had prior exposure to CSS, Bootstrap and Javascript and this course helped me understand the key concepts behind these technologies more fully. I would have liked more coverage of Javascript but I guess I'll get that in the follow on AngularJS course for which I've already signed up. I should point out that I have not taken the earlier courses in the Ruby on Rails specialization - they're not strictly a prerequisite, especially if you have some prior development experience.
This course contains very helpful content for beginners. It starts with an introduction of HTML and CSS, then move to real coding language as Javascript. This course does not only help me learn how to be a web developer, but also encourage my interest in coding. The instructor, Yaakov, is a knowledgable and funny person. I love the interviewing videos he made because it gives vivd example for using the knowledges in real life. I recommend this course to people who have little knowledge of web design and coding.
I only enrolled so I can watch some of the CSS videos. I never formally learned CSS so some of the attributes are fuzzy for me. Not sure how comprehensive this course. I am pretty sure that more can be done in CSS but the course still did a really great job of explaining all the common attributes. It is very clear for me now... and they are good lessons for beginners because it's thorough but not overwhelming. Disclaimer: I have not done any of the assignments; I just use what I learned in other projects.
Solid coverage of HTML, CSS, and JS. Having been steeped in all of these languages for a long time, and in their headaches, I expected this course to be a basic review so I learned more than I expected. Some of the reviews here complain of outdated material: Although the material is dated, it is not expired. For example, the technological disparities between, say, Bootstrap 3 and 4 are kept at a minimum (just so long as you're able to follow instructions!). I look forward to the Angular JS course.
This course does a really good job of teaching HTML and CSS, as well as the basics of Javascript to beginners. I used it as a refresher course for what I learned in the Web Design 1 & 2 courses from high school and it covered just as much material in only a few weeks. Videos are really easy to follow and you are given step by step instructions on how to create your projects. Not a difficult course and it teaches you the basics so that you are prepared to further your skills in more advanced areas.
Interesting course with  a practical approach. After passing the course you can easily have a personal web page with a portfolio of your grade works. Yaakov advises very useful resources for out-of-scope learning and doesn't waste time for explaining the theory, instead he pays particular attention to practice.However, the total lectures time is quite impressive and the course requires students to study every free minute. I feel happy after passing the course, thank you for making it available.
Excellent course. This course gave me a clear idea about JavaScript HTML5 and CSS also AJAX. But when we go deeper in the module 3 lectures and specially in module 5 lectures the descriptiveness has slightly more reduced. In AJAX you just described a code and it was very hard for me to understand at first. But thanks to your clear voice and clear explanations I could understand them by revising each such lecture videos more than once. Thank you very much for designing such a great course.
One of the best courses I have ever taken. Yaakov explains everything so clearly and and uses examples that make you fully understand all terms. Also all content is wrapped up by a project - a real project, a real website that you create from scratch and by the end of the course you 've got it ready, working and functionable. Thanks Yaakov for the exceptional material and your effort and thank you coursera for offering the opportunity to take this course even with no money at all!
This is almost a perfect course as it gives you the basics of front-end and does this really well. Though there are some drawbacks which to my mind are the following: too complicated project of a restaurant site, really involved bootstrap usage and superficial discussion of jQuery. Everything else is amazing: good explanations of HTML, CSS3 and JavaScript syntax, clear author's voice and excercises that are easy to get. I absolutely recommend this course to the folks. Five stars.
The Good: Mr. Jaakov is definitely strongest asset to this course. The Bad: Assignments are too easy. It feels like they are made so people would feel great about themselves and wouldn't ever fail. However, I like the idea of providing optional more difficult tasks even though there could be even more challenging "3 tier" of tasks. Last part in Ajax feels very compressed. I would rather have a more depth approach on other subjects than trying to get everything in 5 weeks course.
This is an amazing course for web developers. The lecturer is very skilled in teaching us so that we understand even the trickiest parts with ease. Also the Course has a fun edge to it because of the way the lecturer teaches with the jokes and the field visits. This course allows you to learn web development while giving an experience on how web development is done in the real world. So i would recommend this course for all who wish to learn web development in an easy fun way.
This was a great course for beginners who are looking to get into static website design as a starting point.I had taken this course first out of the ruby on rails specialty courses, and decided to enroll in the entire course.The videos are well done, minus some small dating issues (like versions of software)  but that is understandable. The forums answered every question i had.I would recommend this course to anyone interested in learning HTML, CSS, and the beginnings of JS.
This is one of the best courses I have ever seen! If you are the newbie in programming. So, Go for it! This course will teach you programming principles too. This course is not only what it seems.. like not just HTML, CSS, JS. But also about Git, Github, Ajax, Browser Sync, Hosting, Responsive Web Designs, Bootstrap and many others. If you are not interested in web development, This one made you interested in it.. Believe me or not! So, Best of luck and made it your course!
Learning so much in this course. The lectures are very informative and fill out the info you need to complete each component. The lecture style makes it a much more rounded learning experience than just a straight online coding course. Thanks to all who put it together, can definitely recommend it.Make use of your ability to review the content as it does move quite fast and there is a lot of information to retain before you get to put into practice what you have learnt.
It was one of the best courses I have taken so far and the instructor for this course Mr. Yaakov Chaikin is one of the best teachers. This course starts from the very basics and touches even very advanced topics before you even know. This course is complete in itself  and encompasses all the topics that might be required at the time of  practical implementation and makes you ready enough that you can start building a website from the scratch just after it's completion.
It's an amazing course for beginners who want to step into the world of Web Development. Yaakov is simply amazing with a tight grasp on the concepts involoved. And as Yaakov said, probably it's the only course in the field of Computer Science that takes us to the field trip. The only thing is that this course uses the Bootstrap 3 whereas the latest framework is Bootstrap 4, so it would be a whole lot better if this course is updated with Bootstrap framework 4.
There are few teachers whose lessons you remember for the rest of your life. Yakov is few of them. Absolute clarity, amazingly optimum content, passion to make course interesting and hell lot of hard work. Complete bow down. You are great and set an outstanding example of teacher. This course took me back to memories of learning Calculus on Coursera by Jim Fowler, You can't wait to finish the assignment you cannot wait to start new module. Absolute perfection.
This is a great course, You will learn many practical stuff about front end web developing. The instructor put you on the way that you can invest the libraries and the stuff like bootstrap, ajax in good way, and if you need more, you are equipped with TON of sites during this course that you can review. Thank you Yaakov you are amazing, I feel that I can do more with the info that I have learned from you, and I intend to complete with the next course Angular.
I have really enjoyed this course, especially the real-life content in which Yaakov helps an actual restaurant develop a better website.  I also really like the focus on the Twitter Bootstrap framework since this is an awesome time save for CSS!  Yaakov makes it really easy to follow along, even with complicated issues, and I immensely appreciate his attention to detail when explaining the "why" behind the use of certain tags and classes when using Bootstrap.
Well developed and fast paced. This course is for intermediate students. Prof. Chaikin has a thorough understanding of how all of the pieces (HTML, CSS, JS, design, photography, and copy editing) work together to create a useful and engaging web site. You will also pick up and learn to use great tools along the way: GitHub, Sublime Text, and BrowserSync among others. The instructor is engaging and gregarious, as keeps in touch with the discussion forums.
Very good course! I have tried different coding classes online, to differing degrees of success. This course had 2 benefits in my eyes: 1) Realistic, yet actual deadlines. Self-paced stuff is great too, but its also good to have a certain time that assignments need to be done.2) It helps you set up dev environments! Hard to find good walkthroughs of that. This class has walk-throughs in the beginning, but you also do it a few times throughout the course.
I like this course a lot! Everyone should take it i'm from venezuela and i a almost graduate in computer science! I want to take it because it's always cool remember the basics and the way the professor make this course dynamically and fluid it's awesome! The professor has a great way fluid way to explain everything and he always add some humor to examples or quizzes and that makes it very cool. I can't wait to meet him in the angular course. Thanks you!
Excellent introductory course for simple web applications. Covers basic layout for responsive design, javascript coding and structuring of the final project. Everything is explained very well and thus the course feels easy (although if you have never before seen HTML, CSS and/or Javascript, there are plenty of new things to learn) - especially the later assignments for Javascript. I feel at least the last assignment should be somewhat more complicated.
Great course. Learned a lot and the subjects where explained very well. JS and Ajax are kind of difficult to grasp when you are not a full computer science person, and although some previous knowledge is assumed and fair to be expected, it still would be nice if there could be a bit more of an introduction to them, for the less savvy out there. But overall, great course, easy to follow, with a nice real world example and peer-reviewed assignments.
Very well done and nice to watch course. The host presents everything in detail and tries to build a connection with the listener, so it isn't just giving the learner just a bunch of facts. The only downside is probably the last couple of lectures - trying to follow all the JS functions could be mind-boggling and it's hard to understand everything that is going on. Still - it's a near-perfect course with only few small drawbacks. Highly recommend
Very nice teacher, he is responsible, thoughtful, knowledgeable and ready to handle all the questions we posed.Very nice course! This course provide us a whole view of the HTML,CSS,JavaScript and lots of useful websites and tools, which may help us develop easier and learn with a target.This is the first course I attend in Coursera, I've spent a lot of time choosing the start, and now I can say this is the one.Thank you teacher and Johns Hopkins.
Great introductory course, and maybe more. Five weeks are not enough, if you don't have previous experience in programming but the assignments are not hard to be passed. Both books of Jon Duckett, that are proposed by the course, are great and very very helpful. Finally, the tutor is excellent and gives a well structured course. Furthermore, his speech is clear and comprehensible, something that is very helpful for non native English speakers.
I really enjoyed this course. I was already familiair withHTML and CSS  but I didn't know the theory behind it, so very usefull. Also the many tips for the work-emviroment are great. And ofcourse Javascript where I knew nothing about; hard to follow but I figured it out eventually and the possibility's are fantastic. So my developing-skills got a great boost from this course. Yaakov knows how to keep things interesting so for that many thanks!
Thank you Mr. Yaakov Chaikin and Johns Hopkins University for this opportunity. You've been a great teacher on this course even everything has been just recorded already. But the knowledge, essential  information, tips, humor and enthusiasm are still there. I'm glad that I was able to create and build my foundation in HTML, CSS and JavaScript through this course. I am looking forward where this journey would take me. God Bless and keep safe.
As far as I've just finished the second module - I'm amazed! The mentor is great, the information is awesome, the practical part is helpful and useful... I'm very glad I've enrolled to the course.And even though I'm a TOTAL beginner at web design, I started to understand what it is all about and how it works. I build up fresh plans for my life using the new possobilities I well learn at the course.Thank you very much. I really enjoy it))
Incredible! Not only does this course teach you how to develop a webpage in detail but it makes it so much more fun and convenient to understand all the codes. Thanks to the professor a million times for this course! Even though I've just passed my 12th grade I'm not having any problems learning or understanding this and trust me, I'm not a topper. I'm an average student but this course was exceptionally easy to understand! Thank you!
This was a great course! HTML and CSS modules were very in-depth and I used this class to enhance skills I already have a foundation in. I struggled to keep up with JS, but it's been many years since I learned a programming language (C# and Java in college). I purchased the recommended books - Web Design with HTML, CSS, JavaScript and jQuery Set by  Jon Duckett and plan to go through those as well. Thank you for creating this course!
I have learned the HTML and CSS before but the way you have taught this 
course makes me believe that this is the perfect course to get started 
with if you want to be a professional developer. This course has been a motivation to me and now I am enrolled into the another course (Single Page Applications with AngularJS ) by the same instructor. I am also planning to take more courses on coursera now. Thanks for such a great
  course!
Hello John,Thanks for your help I gain a lot from this module being a graduate in electronics it is very difficult to survive in core IT industry on software side you really me help me in this I am still searching a new opportunity and will sure I will get it soon once thanks a lot one thing I would like to suggest you if you can start some course for testing tools also that would be really greatThanks and Regards,Divyansh Bhatnagar
Just completed module 1 (will update this review as I continue). If the rest of the modules are similar - and I am going to assume they are - this is a FANTASTIC course. Very well structured, with great explanations and step-by-step instructions on what to do, why to do it, and overall it's informative and fun. I can't wait to continue through the rest of the course and to check out Yaakov's other courses after completing this one!
This course, although it takes only four weeks, provided me with knowledge of concepts that are key to understanding, for example, css and js classes. I did several courses on html5/css/js before, but never heard about some core things explained here, and only now I start getting the global picture. With that knowledge, the further details are easy to look up in documentation. Thank you for choosing this approach and keep that on!
This is one of the excellent courses I've ever taken online. The professor is very professional and articulates amazingly the concepts living no room for dozing or re-running the lecture videos. I really loved the road trip to the client who wanted their website designed, and it really gave insights on how to go about the process from Mock-ups sketching, Client Interaction up to the Actual Design. Kudos and A+++ for the course.
Great course. The instructor is able to simplify complicated stuff, grasp, focus on teaching core concepts of latest html, css, and javascript functions through using real example/application. This helps me as student to quickly understand the technologies and apply them without spending too much time or losing focus in every details. The exercise and assignment is very helpful to measure what we learned and how to apply them.
This lockdown gives so much time to spent it to enhanced my skill and help me to go one step near to my goal.During this course  and developing of this project I explore new ideas and functionality
behind the working of any website.I
have learnt a lot during this project and liked the improvement in my skills
and deep concept related to these kind of project.Thankyou!!!!!!! JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY AND YAAKOV CHAIKIN SIR!!!!!
The course covers every topic in deep and also offers challenging but interesting and unique content. The field trip made me involve deeply in the course. The course uncovers some of the less known stuff out there, example, the CSS Zen Garden. The best part about the course is that the instructor actually worked on a real world business case and by the end of the course, the complete website was published. Thank you so much!
It has been such a great time learning the course. All of my concepts and doubts are clear by the FAQ sites provided.Prof. Yakoob is really a great teacher and his teaching skills is really good, you can just understand things the way he explains it. It was really a great journey.Thank you so much Prof. Yakoob and Coursera for such a great course and experience. I'm really looking forward about developing website real soon.
This is a great course, detailed, well organized, and fun, and Yaakov is a great instructor.  As always, coming into a course with some experience is better than none, but even without any knowledge coming in is ok if you watch all the lectures and read the supplementary books as needed.  Completing this course can bring you along the path to web development expertise quick. I highly recommend this course and instructor!
I signed up to audit this course, but ended up enrolling in the specialization because this course is so phenomenal! Great coverage of topics and very well explained. Assignments are relevant to the course content and I also liked that I could download the whole course from one repo instead of having to download each module separately...it's the little things! I highly recommend this course; you will not be disappointed!
The course was extremely informative and fun at the same time as I got to develop my own website by the end of the course. Towards the end of the course, especially module 5 picked up too many concepts that were explained in a very short time. This made it a bit difficult for me as I did not take up the entire specialization.Overall, It's an amazing course. I suggest people looking to learn web development take it up.
Very useful, complete, clear and awesome course. The tutor explain not only what you need to know about web development but also what you need to know when using this skills in the real world interacting with clients. I absolutely will recommend this course and be forever grateful with it. I encourage you, who is reading this, to sign to the course! Especially if you have interest in the informatics and coding topics!
This is one of the best course present on Coursera which i would suggest to any Beginner. The speciality of this course is that we can get a proper understanding of every Essential Web Developing Technology and also, assignments are one of the best way to check our Understanding. Overall, i loved this course and time with mentor (Yakkov) and i hope it gets updated with new content Soon! All the best.-Devesh V. Kamath
One of the best courses I must say. Yaakov Chaikin, a name that I have become familiar, since he coded so much, was absolutely phenomenal. I wish I was at JH, taking a class right now from him, or consulting with him. He was very thorough and did an incredible job. This course is great for people who want to delve deep into CSS and JS, and AJAX. I want to take more classes in AJAX now I have learned the fundamentals.
This course has been very insctructive and great motivation to look further into Git, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap and Javascript. It's the backbone of web development meaning the best place to start from but also that it cant possibly cover everything. I found that w3schools and an online git tutorial of the quite a few out there, perfectly complete this course. A big thank you! to all the people that put effort into this.
This is a great course to learn basic, or if you are intermediate and want a clear explanation  on what things are and how they work. The key to being a great web developer is is understanding the functionality of your website and how people see in in many devices views. This is the course to find out all the details and make it a part of your web development. I would recommend it to any one who needs these skills.
This is the best course I have encountered so far. The instructor, Yaakov clearly explains the theory, and demonstrated them through actually developing a restaurant website. Even for an experienced web developer, there is something to learn from this course. I strongly recommend this course to anyone who would like to enhance their web development skills. Thanks to the Yaakov and Coursera to sharing this course.
I have been using web technologies for quite some time now and I was one of those people who are writing html/css/js without really understanding what is going on behind the scenes. The course helped me fill in the gaps in my knowledge.The lectures go at a nice pace and explain as much as possible without getting tedious. They are very practical, no dry theory.The assignments don't require huge efforts.Well done!
This course is very comprehensive and explains things that are not explained in other online HTML, CSS, courses. The teacher is personable and is good about not just assuming students know things. The videos are not too long and the code examples are great. The assignments are at the right skill level and really employ a lot of the skills taught in the course. I would take another course by this instructor.
Very clear, very well organized course for beginning web developers. I have a basic knowledge of HTML, CSS, and Javascript, plus some other stuff (command line, git, databases, servers, etc.) and it was easy to get started and understand the content. I really appreciate how well organized the course materials are, and how the course progresses without leaving you struggling to put critical pieces together.
Very practical course. I am glad that I enrolled in this course. In just 5 weeks, I acquired a new skill that I have never imagined before. Mr. Chaikin is a good teacher! Plz take this course if you are interested in creating web. However, for the javascript week, I think it is a bit over the capability of a novice in this field. I hope the newcomers will not find it too difficult and enjoy their course!
I like the style of speech because I think it influences on making up a mind of not over-complicating while coding, in theory of course. It is an excellent aspect of the course that there's an introduction to real life tools to used in the making g and use of the technologies taught. It is invaluable the exposition to a client interview process. I will like to overview other courses from this instructor.
I'll review 5 star because even tho we are LOTS of people Yaakov and the assistant both take the times to clear our questions on Discussions. Yaakov takes us on an amazing tour for our web client! His explanations on videos are great and has really taught me not just to code, but to do it as efficiently as possible. This course and Yaakov are amazing! Thanks for putting this up and for listening to us!
Loved this course! I thought Yaakov thoroughly reviewed the concepts, while focusing on good programming fundamentals. I feel that I can adequately apply the skills that I've gained through this course in my future web development endeavors. However, I do believe that the grading guidelines are too generous, so it would be difficult to employ a student based solely on a specialization in this course.
Very nice course that teaches you how to create web pages by using HTML, CSS and Javascript. Be consistent on watching the lectures, reading the material and learning and trying all the concepts presented every week. And last, but not least, please don't be afraid of asking questions by using the forum. There's always somebody who will give you a hand or who might have the same questions as you do!
I loved this class! It was easy to follow along, the material was explained well, and the assignments fun. The only thing I had an issue with is for the last module the explanation is a little hard to follow. I could have used some more clarification on the TODOs but luckily the discussion forum is awesome so someone was able to help me out. Thanks so much Yaakov! You're a wonderful teacher.
Thank you. This course is really good. I learned a lot about HTML, CSS, JS. My purpose of learning is to build my own website. And this course just provide the very tools that I need to fulfill my goal. Now, I can write my own website and help others build their websites. I am very grateful to this course. If you want to build your own website, take this course and you won't regret.
This course is really great, even if you're a web developer you can learn some internal mechanics that often are not perceived in a daily basis. The instructor gives some really nice explanations about css rules and show and explain how some of Bootstrap classes work. Finally, it teaches about how to handle raw Javascript code, always preserving scope and following some guidelines.
﻿A well-designed course that allows me to understand the web development concepts. Each section is clear and flows to the next section. A great teaching method that makes you think and try out the changes. It does not matter if you make mistakes, the tutor as your back, and provides the before and after source code. Brilliant, other course providers should follow a similar method.
This is an amazing course. If you want to master these technologies in a fun way, this is the course for you. What sets this course apart from the others is the way Yaakov demonstrates the whole web development process, including interacting with a real-world client and taking requirements of the application from her, doing the design and implementing a complete solution for her.
The course delves deep enough into the fundamentals of HTML, CSS and Javascript to provide a great start in Web development. Coding an actual website was a significant measure as it provided some practical exposure. Moreover the tips provided, be it related to code organization or dealing with client and many more ,are really useful. On the whole, this course is worth taking.
This course is amazing The Only problem is that some content of this course such as the Github has become outdated and it is a sincere request to Coursera and Yankov Sir to please update the content of the course for the Development Environment part 3:Browser Sync and the Github Video and keep up the amazing and Awesome work that he is doing. In the end Thank you Sir,Regards
Excellent excellent course!!! Professor Yaakov Chaikin is brilliant, he really knows what he is talking about. I attempted learning  HTML, CSS, JQuery and JavaScript on my own and in just a very short amount of time of taking this course,  I have learned so much more! I am thankful I found this course when I did.  I am looking forward to what is to come. Thank you professor!
Great course, very well done and lot of stuff in it. There's a great job done by the teacher in planning and organizing everything, always very clear in the lessons and using clear examples to explain the concepts. My only suggestion would be to divide the last week into two different weeks, since there is lot of material in there, and cover a bit deeply Javascript language.
You can't get any more generous than this course. It gives you tons of knowledge, tons of practice, tons of meaningful projects to do.If you have started this course a beginner and have since then religiously following the course materials and activities, you'll emerge an intermediate level developer who will be on the right track to building more advanced web applications.
Definitely a good course! I love it! It helps me to see the big picture of web development. Briefly, HTML for structure, CSS for style, Javascript for dynamic. The course material is well prepared and coding material is easy to start with. The instructor is enthusiastic and humorous. Because it is an introductory course, I'm considering taking other courses offered by him.
This course changed my outlook regarding online courses. Everything was laid out in the simplest manner and was conveyed perfectly. The entire 5 weeks of the course were brimming with information. WE EVEN WENT ON A FIELD TRIP!!!.  This course is just AMAZING.I don't have enough words to thank Mr. Yaakov Chaikin for teaching me. He's one of the best teachers I've ever seen.
The course is well structured, includes only relevant information and allows you to get a feel for what's it's like in real life. The instructor does a great job on emphasizing important things, gets to the point quickly.One detail that could be improved though was that the coding assignments on JS were too simple and covered only a tiny portion of the lecture material.
This is an excellent course.  I have been in software development for over 20 years, but never took the time to really understand CSS and Javascript.  After taking this course, I feel much more confident in my skills and I've already been able to apply them on the job.  Professor Chaikin is a fantastic instructor and conveyed the key points.  The course was also fun.
Outstanding quality course. Very  well structured, well-thought, in-depth, comprehensive and in the same time easy to follow . Professor Chaikin  is outstanding teacher easy to understand, teaches straight to the point, clearly and with good sense of humor.Many thanks to Yaakov Chaikin and Johns Hopkins University for all the effort making this course available.
One of the best courses that I've done in Corusera. Even some of the topics are hard to understand (especially,  the last week), the assignments are adapted for people who are not familiar with this area. Also, I've learned many basic concepts that other courses didn't explain which are essential in the HTML, CSS, and Javascript understanding. 100% recommended.
Really like this class.  In addition to the basic HTML/CSS/JavaScript taught in this class, the instructor gave us lots of  useful web site to get more resource in the future.  The class is well-paced.  I only wish that the class is longer say 8 weeks so it can cover more in-depth discussion about JavaScript.  Also I wish the last two homework are more challeng
Excellent startup course for Web development programmer, its so easy to learn for a beginner to web development. It also has real-life coding experience which is more than what you could get from a online course. By the way thanks to Yakov and his team, also coursera for providing such a wonderful platform to work on. Looking forward to more courses like this.
This course is actually a great course. The Tutor Mr.Yaakhov Chaikin has done a great job of keeping students interested and I also like how Mr.Yaakhov doesn't explain small topics and encourages students to explore the answer themselves. It's a 4 years old course but still #1 course for HTML, CSS, and JS. I would love to see an updated version of this course.
Really good code for someone looking to get started with basic web development or someone with little to intermediate knowledge of web development.The best part in the course for me was the "Field Trip" where he showed how to interact with a real client and it was a unique feature I really liked!Good efforts put in by the team. Overall I recommend this course!
This was the best web development course I have till completed. Yakov sir taught web development very beautifully. It is not just a course it is like a fun activity for me, after completing this I am aware about how websites are created and I am going to master this web development skill. I would like to thank to yakav sir for providing this wonderful course.
Despite having some basic knowledge of HTML, CSS and Javascript, this course was super helpful and I've learned loads of new stuff. It helped me to 'connect the dots' and understand the essentials of web development. Professor Yaakov is also a great teacher and makes the course not only practical but also fun! Thank you very much for sharing this knowledge.
The course is nicely paced. I was able to go through all the videos and assignments within a day or two. Prof. Yaakov Chaikin is very skilled and makes his videos fun to watch. It is amusing as well and educational. Really liked the videos about the Restaurant Visit and how to talk to a customer and what to expect and how to deal with issues in the process.
A lot of information comes at you pretty fast. Which provided me with plenty of practice backing up the video to repeat some parts. I'm not complaining, but it was a pleasure to have code available to follow during Dr. Yaakov's lectures.This is a good initial course into HTML, CSS & JavaScript.I'm hoping to find a continuation of this course in the future.
I loved the course. The content on offer was very precise and knowledgeable. The way the professor teaches the course makes it even more fun. After taking this course, I am now more comfortable working with html documents, css styling, and examining a web-page at large. I would definitely recommend this course to everyone in the field of web developing!
This course takes a very thorough dive into HTML, founding basis to learn CSS (including some Bootstrap 3). Then it teaches Javascript in a kind of isolated manner, only to show next how it interacts with HTML and CSS in the context of the web development os a real application of a website. Finally, it shows some Ajax fundamentals applied to this case.
Amazing course! I've tried to followed some online coursers on the same topic, but none kept me so motivated as this one. It is very complete and comprehensive course, and Yaakov teaches everything in a way that even the most complex subjects are easy to understand.I really recommend this course to everyone who wants to learn any of these technologies.
The best classes I have ever had. I enjoyed every single lessons in the class, the assignments and grading other students assignments were fun. The last assignment is quite challenging, but it is worth learning. At the end of the class, I feel like I am a real developer, and ready for real world challenges. I highly recommend anyone to take this class.
Very good course for making fundamentals, but would not recommend it for a beginner. Because the JavaScript section might be a little bit confusing for beginners. If you want to learn this course, I'll recommend learning the basics of JavaScript from w3schools.com. Then come back and you'll build some super solid foundation for your learning path! :)
Yaakov is great instructor who taught HTML,CSS, Javascript, Ajax in simplest manner with all practical work and the great thing about assignments which helped a lot to identify whether we are learning or not. overall it was great course with package of multiple skills for web development, thanks to coursera and to the instructor. Highly recommended.
I like this course, I'm beginning of this part, don't have much(almost have no) background about web development. But this course is really nice organised and easy to understand. I also like the way to do the assignment, make me understand better, also by viewing other classmates work, also helped me a lot. Highly recommond. Thank you Yaakov. :)
This course was great! The instructor was very knowledgeable and incorporated humor into the lessons, which kept me interested in the topic. I found the last section (Javascript) a bit challenging since I had no prior knowledge of the subject, but I was able to follow along enough to get a basic understanding. I definitely recommend this course!
Definitely my favourite course so far from whole RoR specialisation! For such a short time course is packed with everything you need and hints where to search for more knowledge. Oh, and instructor is such a nice and bubbly persona which makes the whole experience even more positive, I wish I had this kind of teachers at my uni back in the day!
Special thanks to Yaakov Chaikin Sir. The way you teach is just exceptional. Yeah this course is now a bit outdated but you provided all the important links that kept me updated with the latest technologies in web development. Thanks to Coursera  and Johns Hopkins University for availing such a good course from such an awesome Professor/Tutor.
I can tell that the Professor undertook a lot of careful planning and execution in preparing this course for students. Yaakov Chaikin teaches the course in a fun, problem-solving way. I personally appreciate his clear enunciation of words and thorough explanations of his website-planning process and the tools needed to accomplish the goals.
Although it took me quite a while to figure out how to push my solution on to github (was making me very mad), I figured it out!! I really like the way you teach lectures. I am giving you a 5 star because, I like the way you give resources and examples of each section you're teaching. I am leaning a lot and look forward to learn! Thank You
It was a wonderful journey, But at one place I got stuck,because of lot of things which was discussed in one module instead you can do it in two separate module, I'm talking about module5.we can do  Ajax Basics  as one module and working functions and examples in one module so that we can reduce lots of confusions and mistakes,Thank You.
The JavaScript part of the course turned out to be a little harder than expected (concepts like prototypes, function constructors and a couple more) and had me go down a few rabbit holes, but the journeys were well worth it. Prof Chaikin is great at explaining and keeping you engaged the course. Great and fulfilling learning experience!
Amazing course by an amazing instructor. The course is well made and makes sure every student can start from the very basics to more advanced topics in order to master the course. The lectures and course content are clear and explicit. Almost all important aspects of web design are touched without dragging you into unnecessary details.
Excellent course without any doubt! I've been a Java Web developer for more than 10 years and I must admit, Yaakov is right that many of the topics in this course not everybody knows them, so the course will give you the foundations you need to develop good quality websites even if you are a beginner or a engineer with some experience.
Great course! The concepts were very well explained and demonstrated with code. Building a real website using what was taught makes the entire process more concrete, and it shows the students that they can work on their own projects. Thanks to all who made this course available, and congratulations to the instructor on a job well done.
This course pointed me in the right direction as a start for web developing. I am writing this four months after i have completed this course.  And just a few days back i got my first job as a Full stack developer in a StartUp.  This is one of the best course for beginners . Tutor is excellent. Thank you so much for making the course .
I had learned a lot of new things like bootstrap, media query, IIFE and DOM manipulation from this course. Professor Yaakov Chaikin had prepared the course in detail and his explainations to deep concept  are concise. As a prerequisite, you are advise to have some basics of html, javascript and css to equip you to follow the lectures.
First of all amazing work putting the content for people to learn. The course was crisp and light which made sure students would complete it on time ,some parts like the bootstrap implementation and ajax requests was too fast to follow.This was an amazing first course. Looking forward to another one.Thank You, Yaakov for the effort
This was one of the best course I have ever seen.Instructor teaching in the best possible way to teach each and every concept in the best possible way.And the field trip inside the course is very much of fun and exciting and it help us to understand what things we have to keep in mind to build a website for a client from scratch.
It is really a very good course from beginner to advance level. It really help me a lot to develop knowledge about web development, and the explanation make is more easier to understand. The practice work, assignment are really helpful for those who want to learn actually. Thank you Coursera and thank you John Hopkins university.
It was a splendid 5 week experience. Sir Yaakov Chaikin is probably the best mentor I have come across. He provides the exact concept we need ( Or I could say Clearly Decodes a concept for us ) to get better at a skill. It was a wonderful start since this was my first course at coursera.org and I'm looking forward to learn more!
Very good and understandable course. The fact that you program a real website makes it easier to understand the subject matter. The way of evaluation is a bit incomprehensible. Partially completely 0 points received from commilations, although the solution was correct.  I found no way to report this somehow and have it changed.
An amazing Course for Absolute Beginners with solid Explanations of Basics. However the Website Development part, as the code was pre-baked, seems rushed and might need re-watching the video a couple of times. But that's nothing major..I'd recommend to check out the Angular Course as well.Thanks Yaakov for your time and effort.
As a backend developer (C, C++, Python) , this is a great course  to start digging into the Web Development world. Even though the tasks given were very simple, I recommend it because it gives you the knowledge to understand how HTML, CSS and Javascript works. Everything is simpler when you learn the foundations of a language.
I am so glad that I enrolled for this course, initially I was thinking that I know all this stuff but after starting the course, I learnt and understood the basic functionality behind things and I realized if I would have not taken the course, I would have missed on so many basics. Thank you so much for designing this course.
Clear, concise, informative, and great fun. You must have put a lot of effort into this to make it so wonderful.  I don't want to give 5 star or 7 star. I want to collect all the stars in the sky and give them to you.  and every shining star says a thank you.  As you can't really count the stars, I can't say thank you enough.
This is such a great course. I knew very little about HTML & CSS when I started and nothing about JS. After completing this course - I learned and practiced so much and now I feel a lot more confident in my knowledge. I can definitely recommend this course for anyone who is interested in becoming a Front-End Web Developer.
Very thorough, helpful, and well structured. Instead of explaining what every single HTML or CSS tag does, Yaakov goes explains all of the core elements in web design in high detail. The course also does a good job of covering useful tools and templates that greatly speed up the web design process and make it much simpler.
Thanks a lot Coursera.
I had chosen this course for developing my skill about website development. This 'HTML, CSS, and Javascript for Web Developers' course helps me to develop a perfectand good looking website.This Coursera Course is totally user familiar. I love this course. I've decided to do more course in Coursera.
Great course. I learned a lot even I am in intermidiate level. The best course I ever take in my life. It has everything yes everything. From creating real websites to tips in design and functionality and speed to marketing with clients. If the teacher was my university's teacher I will never miss a class. Thanks so much
HTML and CSS courses are very well structured and detailed, showing how to build responsive pages from scratch and giving real life example of a SPA. It is of good help get us used to think separately client and server responsabilities and use APIs. Great as a starting point to javascript, presenting many aspects of it.
First of all I want you to thank for course and for teaching. Here is some advices for improving quality of lessons:1) Javascript lessons were harder than other lessons(html, css). it could be provided more widely and more enjoyable 2) Small, easy, interesting exercises, colud be gived in Js lessonsI gave 5. Thank you
I thought the first four weeks were brilliant. The best course for html,css and java script I would say. But in the last week the instructor got over things rather quickly. Which left a lot of uncertainties. The last week's stuff was complicated and should have been given more time. Otherwise everything was brilliant.
Such a good course on this platform. Sir Yaakoov has put all his efforts to teach us the best. The videos are so excellently made and made everything so clear. Had an amazing experience to study this course and it was fun too. Thank you Sir Yaakoov, the team Hopkins and coursera ofcourse for providing this platform.
Learned HTML5,CSS and JavaScript from many resources but this was innovative and updated course with such live examples like meeting with client and etc. I love this course. Yes we can say, here is the knowledge, Hats of to the Professor, he taught us well, Salute to you my HONORABLE/Respected Sir.. You are amazing.
Just completed this course and I only can sey thanks to Yaakov Chaikin and Johns Hopkins University for the quality of this course. I learned html5, css and javascript tricks. I didn't started this course with cero knowledge, but starts from 0 and explain all you need to know to master those languages. Recomended!
There should be a 10 star rating! This is the coolest course on web developing! Yaakov's teaching approach makes coding fun and interesting. Thus, it helps me, as a beginner, to absorb the lesson without tensions or fear of failure, but, instead, full of excitement in exploring the world of coding.Many thumbs up!
the course was really very helpful , i learnt a lot of new things about web development or i would like to say from the ABC of web development to forming the essay was my journey. learning with the mentor was really a great experience. it will be my pleasure if i get another chance to learn from you new things.
Yaakov explained the positioning element is easy to understand, and also on the JavaScript part, he summarised what the recommended book (JavaScript and Jquery by Jon Duckett) does is also easy to understand. I am very impressed his actual visit to the restaurant to do the requirement elicitation technique too.
This one course has packed in a lot of resource that you can't see in multiple courses tagged together.I had a fun experience going through the course and had a better understanding of topics through a well planned hands on. Thanks to the course mentor and everyone who have worked for this to become a success.
I would recommend this course for anyone who wants to learn basics of web design. First of all, Mr. Chaikin has a very pleasant voice so its easy to listen, unlike some other courses i tried and quited only because of that. Course goes deep enough for a beginners yet its not boring. Anyway, A+ for this course.
One of the best courses to start learning front end web development from scratch. The course contents are of high quality and Professor Yaakov Chaikin is great at explaining things in an easy to understand fashion. Kudos to the team behind this course. I am glad and happy that I enrolled myself in this course!
The instructor explains core topics very well, simply and straight to the point. He also answers some important questions for people who are learning to code for the first time. I've been learning coding online on and off for a year, and I wish I had taken this course straight from the start. Thanks very much.
Great course! Packs quite a bit of useful, practical information for the learners in a light-hearted style that holds the learner's interest. The videos are just the right size. And most importantly Yaakov has a great sense of humor, refreshing, quite unusual for MOOCs...thoroughly enjoying the course so far!
I learned a lot from this course (HTML, CSS, and JavaScript), all thanks to the instructor of the course Yaakov Chaikin. Thanks a lot for making this course so easy to understand. I didn't face any problem while completing this course and hope that what I learned from here can help me in my future endeavors.
I have learned a great deal about Web Development Basics from this course. I can surely say that this was a pleasing beginning in becoming a successful Web Developer in the nearest future. I sincerely thank Coursera for providing such an enjoyable course and all the instructors and developers of this course.
This course is really excellent and perfect for starters. Mr.Chaikin prepared a lot of examples and explained every detail in a humous and smooth way. However, I still think there should be more lectures for the Ajax part. And most of the quick quizzes are too easy to help me understand the knowledge better.
Instructor elaborate every basic and essential fundamental along with clear and detailed example from concept to real world implement. Hands-on assignments are also helpful for me to really practice what I learned. It is really an awesome course I would recommend for those who interested in Web development.
I first went through the Angular course first and after trying to learn Angular several times, I finally learnt it. That made me go to this course to refresh my knowledge of HTML, CSS and JS and I not only did that but I understood several concept also for the first time. An excellent course for everyone!
Good course.  Short, but sweet.  Moves very quickly from topic to topic in order to cover the spectrum in a short time.  This is my first web dev training and I am most definitely better prepared to deal with minor web page rendering issues than i was before the course.  Highly recommended for beginners.
As a systems programmer, this course was a great into to the world of web design. The introduction of HTML, CSS, and JS was absolutely perfect. The site definitely gets more difficult in the latter weeks, but with a bit of extra time everything I needed to succeed was there in the lectures. Great course!
I believe this is an excellent course because the fundamentals are explained in great detail. The instructor conveys his knowledge in a very precise way. I highly recommend this course for anyone who has a basic knowledge of web development because the last lectures can get a bit difficult for begginers.
Thank you for this course! it is helping me understand HTML, CSS and JavaScript from a working point of view, and it shows me how I can combine all the languages beautifully.before I started this course I didn't have the confidence I would succeed as a developer, now I feel more optimistic.thank you!Aled
The material in this course was presented very methodically and accurately. Yaakov is an enthusiastic instructor, offering encouragement and motivation when topics get complicated. I appreciate that he thoroughly explained topics without brushing over details. Great foundation to layer more knowledge on!
Probably one of the best courses in Coursera for people to learn HTML, CSS and JavaScript. The first 3 weeks can be for beginners, and I would recommend some programming background for the last 2 weeks. If you don't have any programming experience, 2 weeks is too short to cover JavaScript, DOM and Ajax.
I feel this course has been a great way to be trained in many concepts in a little amount of time. Html, css, Javascript, bootstrap, jquery, github, ajax, json... there were some kind ob big scary names for me, and in just 5 weeks I'm in my way to master them, after a great first step. I've enjoyed it.
I loved the course. Instructor will tell you the purpose of each and every element which he is using. He will explain everything so nicely.  The examples are comprehensive and easy to understand. The most important topics of HTML5,CSS3 & JS are covered.Thank you Sir Yaakov for teaching so efficiently.
This is a good basic course to get started with HTML, CSS and JavaScript. The last two assignments did seem a little too easy and the last module feels a bit rushed through the Javascript code. 
Nonetheless I would recommend this course to anyone interested with web development and the basic concepts!
This was an amazing journey of adapting professionalism and work smartly. The whole course is amazingly thought by the kind heart and soft spoken Sir. Yaakov Chaikin! He is an excellent teacher and I'm very thankful to him and Johns Hopkins University for producing such an enriched content.Thank You!
Really stimulating course and very much worth the time and effort needed to keep up the pace.I took advantage (due to illness) of the possibility of retaking the course, and am grateful for the chance to have finished all the weeks after the pause.Very impressed by the lecturer's enthusiasm and help.
10 out of 5 stars! Yaakov, you are the best teacher in the world, and this is the best course in Coursera. If only this course lasted a bit longer than four weeks. I would really love to see you teaching just JavaScript in depth.Many, many thanks to you and all the stuff crew in creating this course.
Yaakov sir teaches really well. Apart from his exceptional teaching skills, he is also a good mentor with professional skills. This course gives a very basic idea of the essential technologies needed for efficient web development. It is for everyone who has little or no knowledge of web development.
One of the best courses I've taken on Coursera - it's straight to the point, very informative and comprehensive at the same time. The teacher is friendly and the kind of an expert who is able to pass on his knowledge in a simple way that everyone is able understand. I strongly recommend this course!
Loved this course! Incredibly well structured and well explained content! The assignments were a little too easy for my taste but the explanations throughout the lecture made up for it. The instructor is very fun and engaging and explains the subject matter very clearly. Would definitely recommend!
solid teaching style where you mostly see code being worked out instead of see the teacher talk.  he uses the command line, github and browser sync, which are all pretty useful.  i wasn't too familiar with the extras, but it was a friendly introduction into how all 3 could be tied into HTML/JS/CSS.
It was an great experience learning new concepts. its just that u need some prior knowledge about programming thats all. It really gives you much idea about web development and a proper training is given to develope a web page. was really a great experience. Thank you team Coursera and Yakoov sir.
This course is short ,neat and clean ! Everything (video quality,Pace,Material) about this course is great ! I really liked the way Yaakov taught (Field trip and assignment part) which made me understand even better .  Now I feel more confident to code ,specially  when it is responsive webdesign .
I like this course very much. Professor taught this course in detailed explanation and in simple language which helps me a lot to learn so many things and, I don't have words to explain more.I Thanked to Professor Yaakov Chaikin for helping me to learn thin Course.Thank youYours sincerelySandeep
Just completed module 1 and i am really impressed by this course.I learnt so much and so easily that would not have been possible by reading books.. Keep up the good work and special thanks to Johns Hopkins university . Yaakov Chaikin is the professor teaching this course  and he is too good :D
I used to go through W3school and Codecademy to start my coding learning as a front-end developer. This course perfectly blends in the knowledge I learned. Amazing! If you have read many chapters of HTML/CSS/Javascript but still don't really have an idea of what are you doing. CHECK THIS CLASS!
This Course is awesome for learning. Sir Yaakov Chaikin and his team explained the course very well. I'really learned these skills from basic to intermediate or advanced level. But I thinks this course need to be update because of modern web techniques of era. 100% Recommended for beginners.
yakov sir is the one of the best teacher on coursera . i had a great experience of learning with him . I enjoyed this course so much sir also took us to the real world environment for building of website thats a great exposure to the real work and definitely benifits me in my futuristic job.
I have been working with frontend-developer for many projects. I contribute Django backend RESTful API parts. Very wonder how the HTML/CSS/JS syntax that came from. But with his lectures in this course. It answers them all and lay down the thinking process behind the scene that I can follow!
I loved this course. The way Yakov explained everything, all the fundamentals of Web Development was so amaizng. Yakov really knows is his stuff well. I wish Yaakov teaches the framework React in future. Thank you Yaakov for this amazing course, this course has made my basics really strong.
This course goes over the fundamentals of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript along with many examples and theory. It does this with an academic approach of reasoning, such that I can follow the reasoning to implement all the logic myself in the assignments. Great starter course for web development!
I had a couple of Coursera courses before. But, I never found any courses as interesting and knowledgable as this course. Contents are so accurate and taught by Prof. Yaakov in a very enthusiastic fashion which makes me stick to the course. Great Work! Looking forward to finish the course!
I don't usually write reviews for courses but this course is one of the best I've learned on Coursera. The professor has a great sense of humor, which makes the learning process enjoyable. Though the last week is a little fast-paced, it is overall a great course that you don't wanna miss.
This is the first proper course I took of web development and it's a great way to start and learn a lot. I could feel very comfortable with the content and learning process. Yaakov produced a very good content that can brings practical knowledge even for those who hasn't background in IT.
I normally get bored real fast with online teachers,  since they, well, simple put usually lack a cool teaching style. This time around, niiiiiiiiiiice :)Cant say anything else then, if you want to learn HTML, CSS and JavaScript, and want to do that while being inspired, take this course!
Thank you so much, Sir, for this course, this course cleared all my doubts in CSS and Javascript. There can be no better way; I guess to deliver this course. Hats off to you. This course helped me to make my personal website which would help me a lot in coming placement season.Thank you.
It was great learning experience with Yaakov. Thanks for creating such a wonderful course every single concept is so clearly explained. This cleared all my confusions about some of the complex topics. Yaakov as an instructor is just amazing, Looking forward for learning more with Yaakov.
Really Good Course I have enrolled many paid courses on other platforms like udemy but they don't have quality course like this. It gives us conceptual idea and clearly shows how things work. It has some outdated parts but still happy to give five stars rating saying recommended course.
I would like to thank COURSERA for giving me the opportunity to learn this awesome web development for free and I would also like to thank Yaakov sir for creating this very informative web development course.From beginning to the the end, this web development course is very interesting.
Great course! Even though I had been doing web development for a few years (self taught) I still learnt a lot. Yaakov is very talented developer with a skill in teaching that make sit easy to follow and learn. Highly recommend this course to any individual interested in web development.
Web development is hard, for beginners. Diverse, complicated, ever evolving technologies. You have this dread that you will never fully catch up. There is a special place for enthusiastic teachers who give you company, show you the way, hold your hand, who can empower you. Thanks a lot.
Great teacher for this course. It is not just a one time thing. Students should keep coming back to take all kinds of tips from Yaakov. I guess the Rabbinic education has a great role to play in his approach. Baruch HaShem, you even wear a kippa to the lecture. A big thumbs up for that.
I really like the structure of the course. Even though i had some experience with HTML and CSS before, this course definitely improved my understanding of the subject. I want to say thank you to the teacher, teaching assistants and everyone involved in creating of the course! Great job!
Wonderful course. Went more in-depth than I expected, had great content and explanations.If I might make a suggestion, I think this course would fit better into a six week format. That would allow for the assignments to be more involved and closer to the lectures in terms of richness.
This is the first course I took when I was considering to become a web developer. I learned a lot from this course! As for the assignment, I felt the first two assignment was a little easy. I liked the fact that in the 4th assignment, there are two levels - easy and hard - to choose.
It's been really fun to go through this course and learn HTML, CSS and JS basics. The teacher is the best, has a good sense of humor and a great method of teaching. I'd reccomend this course to anyone who wants to learn the basics  of these technologies and have fun at the same time.
I highly recommend this course, the instructor is very eloquent and clear. You will gain solid fundamentals in HTML and CSS. You won't regret to enroll in this course. However, it is good idea you study by your side GIT and GitHub, to avoid frustrations with that part of the process.
Very well organized course material which covers the subject of modern front-end web development and offers basic familiarity with its technologies and many useful resources. I would definitely recommend this course for a head start to anyone interested in learning web development.
Great class to learn HTML/CSS/Javascript. Yaakov has a great teaching style that walks thru the items so that you can understand them easily. Also, having the full, end-to-end project at the end of the class allows you to see all the pieces put into action!Great course!!Rob Howard
It was a really informative course and actually gives an opportunity to implement the learning through assignments. the struggles i faced there was a big opportunity to self learn, and this is when i really understood that just listening doesn't make you learn. Thank you so much1
One of the best course i have came across. Yaakov chaikin sir is really a great teacher,I just want thank him for providing so much content in the course.Thanks to coursera and johns Hopkins university for creating such incredible course and make it available to students like me.
Nice videos that make the course easy to follow. The HTML and CSS are very good starting points to learn about these lenguages. A little more info on JavaScript would be nice though. The instructors are very helpful and are willing to help you if you get stuck in the assignments.
You'd be tempted to think that these are just simple things, nothing spectacular in HTML/CSS/JavaScript world. And yet, you will finish this course amazed of so many possibilities that you never dream of. Sort of "so this was behind of those amazing sites?". Simple and powerful.
This course was taught in a very professional way. I liked the style the instructor moved from one concept from other. This Course was worth my time as it turned out much better than i expected and i learnt a lot from this course. Thank You Coursera for such a wonderful course.
This was a great course and I wasn't expecting to learn as much as I did. Prof. Chaikin is one of the most clear and concise teachers I've had the pleasure to have. The quality of the course is awesome and I recommend it to anyone who wants to get a grasp of Web Development.
This has been one of the most exciting online course that I've experienced in quite a while. Mr. Yaakov has been brilliant , and all his lectures are wonderful and keep us interested without the sense of boredom.I'd like to thank him and Coursera for such a brilliant course.
Simply awesome! Covers all the basics. The fundamental concepts are covered thoroughly. Uses simple ways to explain complex topic. This course is great for those how wish to start their career in Web Development. You will get an overall idea regarding how the web functions.
Perfect for those who are not very confident in HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap and JavaScript basics. If you want to cover all basics or you just want to brush up your knowledge this is the course for you. If you already know these languages then you should go for advanced version.
A very amazing course even to beginners in web development! I learned CSS and Html very clearly and even java script. A littlie more of Java script would have made me confident. but nonetheless the course was great and i enjoyed all the assignments.. Thank You Very Much :)
For the beginners this course is good.You will get to know how to code html and get its styles with different colours and finally Javascript,bootstrap.It is good course for the one who wants to become a web developer.Coursera is the best platform to learn more courses...👍
Amazing courseGives enough details but complexity is added very gradually, making it easier to understand it.The questions in the student's mind are anticipated well - this helpsVery good course to get enough understanding to start exploring interactive website development
Amazing course! Yaakov is an extraordinary teacher. Every time I want to hit pause and google something I don't understand, he explains it in the next sentence. If you're thinking of starting HTML CSS JS, start here! Big thanks to everyone involved in the making of this :)
This course provides a concise introduction to the topic. It covers the basic theoretic aspects, but does not lack easy to understand examples.The lecturer clearly put a lot of thought and effort in creating this course, which makes learning very efficient and motivating.
I thought the course was great. Yakoov is a great instructor and he is very easy to understand and follow. It can get pretty overwhelming towards the end but all course examples are available from the git repository so you can download it and go over it at your own time.
Mr. Yaakov Chaikin is a wonderful instructor. Videos were easy to follow. Had a lot of pointers with the assignments. It covers basic HTML and CSS very well. I understood a lot of basic JavaScript as well. Thank you for starting me on my journey towards Web Development.
Enjoyable course. Challenging, but not to tough. Although I didn't enjoy the peer-reviewed assignments, it taught me a lot I didn't know already about HTML, CSS, and JS. Instructor was knowledgeable on the subject and it was fun to create something that was your own.
The content in this course is well-structured and well-presented. Topics are broken into short digestible segments that are narrowly focused and thoroughly explained including relevant examples. Quizzes and assignments reinforce the critical aspects of the lectures.
Its a very challenging course.The assignments are also pretty difficult.But surely I learnt a lot from this course.Covered all topics in a very systematic way.Well explained lectures.Overall this is a very good course if u r having a little prior knowledge of HTML.
Your way of teaching is really good! The peer graded assignment were really useful. I recommend this course for those who are interested to know about Web Development in detailed and in concise manner! Looking forward for many courses under Yaakov Chaikin guidance.
This instructor is wonderful.   He dissects designing web site step by step.  I finished this course and his Single Page Site with Angular and am reviewing the videos.   I want to learn as much as possible as I am new to this topic.   Yaakov is a great teacher!!!!!
This is fantastic course, everything is clearly resented. Foundation parts are just excellent - they give knowledge what's going on behind the curtain. Everyday I was launching next video with true excitement.And last but not least, Yaakov Chaikin is a great tutor!
The material is excellent, and the lectures are very high quality. I also like that in addition to HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, there's brief introductions to things like Git, as well as links to places where you can get more information. Very happy with the course.
I did decide to audit this course because I want better understand some aspects about HTML and CSS, both I was already learning. I can say this is a fantastic course I got my goals so far. Some concepts that were kind of obscure for me now they are pretty clear.
A well sequenced collection of topics.Helped me a lot in learning new things with great comfort and more understanding.I highly recommend this course to get more grip on the topics and to know how real websites are made.Thanks a lot coursera for providing this.
Awesome! An interesting course and the JavaScript part is really a jewel. Professor Yaakov introduced us in the guts of JavaScript with a very clear explanation. Definitely a great course BUT it demands of the students time and effort to finally get the goal!
This is a great course, I really liked it! First, because I don't speak English very well and I could understand everything and second because the content is real and it helps you to learn more about the development's process. Congratulations for this course!
A very thoughtful and well delivered course. Learning front end could not have been more easier. i have been doing HTML, CSS for 3 years but i still learned A LOT. On the contrary, i hope this course get updated as soon as possible. Still Highly Recommended.
Any most aspects an excellent course. The teatcher is engaging and inspiring. The only thing that I have to be negative about is that the pacing is a tad fast in the javascript part. Some concepts would be better understood with more examples and repetition.
It's just amazing lecture. Thank you so much for sharing it here. I would like to thank Coursera for everything they are doing to help us, and I would like also to thank in particular Yaakov Chaikin for all what he did during the lectures. Thank you so much!
So far the best course on HTML, CSS, and Javascript! Great instructor, very good design and structure.

Some concepts (especially on the topic of CSS) were presented in really great detail, even a somewhat experienced web developer might learn something new.
Absolutely brilliant and very entertaining course, which at the same time uncovers a really useful set of tools + I really liked how easy Yaakov made the process of building a site look. This was clearly one of the best courses that I have taken on Coursera.
Excellent Course for the beginners to learn web development in one place.The teacher Yaakov Chaikin is a brilliant teacher and is a gem of this course.I'll highly appreciate this course to everyone who wants to learn web development from the very beginning.
I think this is one of the best courses about these matter. I'm grateful about all the knowledgment that Yaakov passed. He is a very good teacher. Happy also to know the community. Even with some technologies out of date, the course maintain its actuality.
A really great course combined with a very good teacher makes for a great learning experience. A very beautifully  designed course which takes you from the basics to quite advanced levels. Anyone looking to start learning web development, look no further!
The Javascript module, and specially the Ajax part was more abstract and vague than the rest of the modules and I honestly didn't get much of the Ajax part. I learned a lot, though, and fully appreciate the amount of effort put into each lesson. Loved it!
A very thorough and interesting course. Prof. Yaakov is incredibly talented and keeps the lessons dynamic  and he goes into details without making it tiresome. I'm happy to have discovered it and I would definitely recommend it to others, pure 5/5 rating.
Excellent course! Good mix between theory and practice. The hands-on examples are actually useful and relatable to day-to-day programming tasks. Even if you're an advanced programmer there are still things to discover, which makes this course even cooler.
An Amazing course. Very well designed and put through. My favorite part were all the assignments, which gave me hands on experience with JavaScript. I will definitely recommend this course to anyone who is trying to gain good experience with HTML & CSS.
Thank you Yaakov Chaikin!Thank you Johns Hopkins University!   And of course thank you Coursera!   :)That was very useful course for me. The module 5, espacially "Peer-graded Assignment" was too difficult, so it made me study hard and be more attentive.
This course is quite complete and it explain some core concepts that many people doesnt undestand about CSS, HTML and JavaScript. The lectures are well made and they use nice tools along the course to make the web development easier and more productive.
I'd give a 10/5 if it was possible. I had a splendid experience during this course. Yakov did a great job explaining the basics  also touching important points. I love this and highly recommend to anyone looking to start a new career in Web Development.
Extraordinary clear! In simple steps and, mostly of all, in the weekly assigment, you are going to fix up and to learn all the explained concepts and to have a very clear understanding of  web responsive design, boostrap framework, javascript et cetera.
The course is great! Everything is well explained, a lot of example, good sense of humor and really cool and adequate exercises to implement what is leant, I highly recommended for anyone who wants to get the basics (maybe even more) of web development.
I have completed plenty of HTML, CSS and JS courses/tutorials before and this one beats the rest hands down! The assignments could've been more challenging when compared to the quality of the lectures, but overall the course is still exceptionally good!
This Course is very good. I have learn very new things from this course. The speaker is very good.His tone, and his teaching is very good. And Overall structer of this course is very good. and but you should have basic knowledge of All this 3 language
Before this course -> Knew almost zero about HTML.After this course ->  learned the basics of HTML, CSS and Javascript and acuired tools for creating web pages from zero.Thank You ! An excellent starting point for starting a career as a web developer.
As a person who hated HTML, CSS and JS previously mainly due to my ignorance with the subject, Yaakov has helped me in understanding the core concepts as well as common pitfalls that surround the technologies. Now I am a huge fan of web technologies!
It was my first course on coursera and i learnt a lot from this. I would recommend everyone who are interested in web development to take this course and benefit from it . And last but not the least Thank you Yaakov sir for providing us this course.
After trying several courses, i can say that this one is the best so far. the rhythm of the lessons and the clarity of the lectures are some of the most valued virtues that i found here. it is really enjoyable to keep going thru the weekly lectures.
Lectures are nicely short and straight to the point without any redundant explanation.I feel I am learning a lot of information on each lecture. Quizzes are short and great. Also, they help me to kind of review the lecture right after I watch them.
Wow, just wow. An amazing course, probably the first course which didn't feel too long or too short for me. Also I guarantee that you won't get bored even for a second even if you complete the whole course in one go. Watch out for the field trip !
I'm grateful to creators of this course. Materials are detailed, well-structured and selected. Lively presentation an variety of small quizzes for self-checking won't let you get bored.It was a pleasure and sometimes fun to go through this course!
In this course you will learn the basic concepts about web development with the latest technologies. The explanations of every concepts are clear and understandable with simple examples.
I highly recommend people taking this course. I learn a lot!
It,s an Amazing Course for learning the in-depth concepts of HTML5, CSS3 and especially JavaScript. The lecturer, Mr Yaakov Chaikin is best at what he does. I do recommend you take this course and upgrade your Web Developing skills to new highs.
I wonder how good this course is with only 5 weeks of modules. I have gone through many other courses but none serve this much efficiency along with basic knowledge. I thank Coursera, Johns Hopkins and my instructor of this course Yaakov a lot.
This was an excellent course. I thought I knew html, css and javascript but this course gave me a much stronger foundation. The instructor is very good and I think no matter where you are in your learning, you will be able to gain quite a bit.
I have learnt a lot during the study period of this online course . This is a great opportunity for a person  like me and enjoy it very much. Teaching's style and methodology  of Sir Yaakov is very impressive and  effective.Great Course!!! :)
This is my first course in Coursera and I am extremity happy with it. The teaching is excellent and i get remainders and updates to my E-mail on a regular basis. I never expected an online course to be this good. Thank you very much for that.
Excellent course! Instructor develops a real-world website in the videos and builds the conceptual understanding of web development through a "this is the problem and this is how we'll solve it" approach. Don't miss out on this great course!
课程设计非常合理有趣！老师讲解的很详细，而且真的特别幽默！！虽然报名了好几个课程，但这是我在cousera上完成的第一个！ Although I've registered in several courses in Coursera, this course is the first and the only(so far) course that I have finished! So much fun and I learned a lot! Thanks Yakkov!
Fantastic first step into Web Dev! Yaakov is a talented teacher who is clearly comfortable enough with the course material to teach effectively. I have learned so much in the past 5 weeks and I will definitely be signing up for more courses!
Great course.  It is carefully structured to quickly show the fundamental essentials.  This is specially useful in a platform that is hard to identify what is current and functionally complete and what is not.  It is also clearly explained.
This was such a great learning experience. I really liked the way Yaakov has structured the course and made it so much interactive. Learning while building a real web application is so much cool! Looking expectantly at AngularJS course now!
Very interesting and well presented. Excellent course, This is the first course I've taken from Coursera. Before the course I knew something about HTML, CSS and JavaScript but not too much. Now i understand the structure and how to use it.
One of the best courses. Very well explained, I enjoyed a lot with the teaching and the comprehensive assignments. It was fun to take up this course. I loved the way the instructor teaches us from scratch how to build a real-world website.
Concepts are well delivered in this course. I like the way everything is made simple and you can go back and review materials and understand why certain functions are done the way they are. I also like that you can move at your own pace.
I think this course and lectures are excellent i have ever learned on Online course.I am able to learn a lot of pretty much of things which i never learn before.Thank you Coursera and Johns Hopkins University to brings this course to us!
If you're looking for practical web-development skills, clear explanations, and plentiful examples, this is the right course you should enroll in. Highly recommended for those who don't have any experience in web-development like me lol.
Amazing course and journey I learned a lot of fundamentals in web development and it is parted as concisely and simple even for an amateur like me can fully understand. Thank you for all the people involve I will continue to do my best!
Simply great, it contains all you need to create from a basic HTML to the principles of making it functional, also, the professor is good at teaching and goes through the content explaining everythings to be explained, 100% recommended.
It was a really good journey to travel. Although is plenty of concepts, they are well explained and ilustrated through out  every example and lectures. Thanks for share this highly qualified education resource. A big hug from Argentina!
I would highly recommend this course to those who want to learn fundamental topics of Web Development. I am happy for choosing this course, really detailed and well explained - enjoyed to the end! Yaakov Chaikin is a great instructor.
Great course!  Clear, well-thought out lesson and one project each week to test your understanding of concepts.  I did have to do extra reading and coursework outside of the course to fully absorb the javascript portion of the course.
This is an amazing course for beginners in web development, the instructor is superb, whatever he taught he sawed it in the code editor, by this we gained more practical knowledge. The books and references provided great help to me.
My experience with the course was really awesome. I learned new concepts. The HTML, CSS part of the course is really well explained, and ensures that you get the habit of following the right practice of doing things in the industry.
Amazing course!HTML, CSS and JS were really good explained and the teacher makes the class enjoyable. Last Module was a little harder, it requires more lecture to do ajax. Of course I think this is just an opening topic for Angular.
If you're interested in learning how to produce beautiful, responsive web pages, this course is the best I've ever seen. If you're not, you may as well learn it anyway, as you can't escape the web these days. Thoroughly recommended.
I liked the course very much. It is organized very well. I have found all the content appropriate and useful. Moreover, some more interactiveness in weeks 1 and 2 would add more value to the course :) Thank you very much for effort
The course helped me to learn a lot of new concepts about CSS and HTML that I didn't already know, as of Javascript this was the deepest that I've dove into it, and I plan to learn more about it after this since it's more complex.
Such a wonderful course - exceeded my expectations! Before this course I knew nothing about html, CSS or JavaScript, but now I am going to put things I've learned to some good use -   got a lot of hands-on and in-depth stuff here!
This was my first course related to web development and it was an amazing experience. The teacher knows how to transmite his knowledge and you will be provided with only useful information during the course. I highly recommend it!
It's a great course even you (think that you) already known HTML, CSS and Javascript. This course surprise me because the teacher brings to me relevant information where some stuff come from and how to use it in a consciously way.
It was great learning experience and I could explore my these skills.. all the video are in detailed and right from the basic to high level skills. I would recommend this course to newbie so that they can explore more ..RegardsMK
When I started this course I was a beginner in WebDev. After this course I feel that the tools and skills I had the opportunity to get familiarized here gave my the necessary guidelines to pursue a more advance level. Five stars!
I already had some programming experience and this was a great course to get the foundations of web development. It's easy to follow, fun and includes some tips for dealing with clients. And those tips were really helpful to me!
This course helped me a lot to understand the basics of web development  in a more easier way.This helped me clear my fundamentals and met me with some new technologies around us.But, still the course need to be updated as time.
Loved the Course!!Would have appreciated it if Yaakov had gone slower while teaching the connection with the server using ajax....basically the last two weeks of the course was a bit complex and the explanation was a bit speedy.
I give 5 stars for this as the coverage of HTML and CSS is like teaching for Dummies. JS and Ajax there were little not so easy to follow. But its certainly lot better than many premium courses available on net for HTML and CSS.
Yaakov's approach to the topic is extremely clear and friendly, and yet it hits the right points to make you grasp the important concepts. This course lays very good foundations for web programming and is definitely recommended.
Awesome instructor and course structure. However, there are some updates to the Twitter Bootstrap framework that students will need to self-taught and do a little research to get over since the course was first offered in 2016.
I am a practising UI designer and have been trying to learn web development for a year through various sources and NOTHING COMES CLOSE TO THIS COURSE! I love this man and his dad jokes! Really sweet and extremely knowledgable!
Excellent course for starting web developer. I feel that I got solid foundation for learning more advanced front end frameworks. This course also introduced important development tools and good tips for using them effectively.
This course is great, I start with nothing and now I understand all the basics and can perform some advanced skill in HTML, CSS and JS. Specially, now I can research and learn new skills by my self. Thank you and your staff!
Great
course! If you’re a complete novice it won’t be easy, be ready to work hard.
But it's worth your efforts. A lot of practical and really up-to-date
information about web development. Many thanks
to Yaakov and his team!!
Unbelievably in-depth and well structured. I love this man. My only regret was that I believe I bought the recommended text books directly from amazon by mistake, instead of the referral links provided by Professor Yaakov :(
Learning from Yaakov has been truly amazing. He has motivated me to explore web development and it's wonders. I am confident to take higher and more advanced web Dev Courses all thanks to this specific course!! Much thanks.
I came to this course knowing NOTHING about html, css and js, it gave me a lot of informations and a way to look for more. Now, I didn't became any expert, but with some time and, thanks to this course, I'll become someday.
What a wonderful experience taking this course. Besides giving comprehensive and easy to understand explanations and practical exercises, the instructor had a fun way of teaching, never making it boring. Highly recommended!
I ve learned HTML, CSS and bit of JS before. It is really a good class to remind me all of those and there are more to learn as well. Highly recommend to anyone who is new to programing and people who also know programming.
Great course! I took this as a preparation for the 70-480 Microsoft certification exam and it covered a lot of the material required. Besides, Yaakov is a great teacher - I like that he is very thorough in his explanations.
Great course to learn html, css, js and ajax in less than a month. It was very helpful and effective to develop a commercial website. I highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to develop front end web applications.
I really like the course specialty the beginning, the only thing that could be better its just the last assignment, I'm pretty sure, it could be interesting start developing the code from the scratch.Great job and thank you
This was an amazing experience with the instructor yaakov chaikin. The course is pretty good and the instructor taught every minute details which came across studying this course. Expecting more courses from Yaakov Chaikin
Surely one of the best courses in the whole internet for learning Front End development oriented to websites and web apps.Fantastic professor, mastering his field and having very great pedagogic skillsA pleasure to attend!
I am a software developer and without any doubt, this course was the best course i have ever taken! very well organized, clear descriptions and great couch!!!!Five starts to Yaakov:))))))) his work is greatly appreciated..
This course is really very good. I could know web designing in its very complete form. The way you taught all the concepts keeping in mind the practicals has been very appealing to me. Thank You very much for this course.
Excellent course to develop the fundamentals of web development, the hardest part for me was week 5 where AJAX is covered. I hope to improve my development skills. You can complete the course in 2 to 3 weeks if you focus.
A good introduction of HTML, CSS, JavaScript (libraries, functions, objects etc.,), Ajax and JSON. The instructor was very good and explained topics well through explanation and through code examples. Would recommend it.
This course is awesomely good. And hats off to u Mr. Yaakov for ur efforts. One request is that, atleast for the person persuing the course for free should be given some kind of certificate for completion of this course.
COURSERA and JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY doing a great job for making student's future bright i have learnt a lot of things through this course and i am hoping to come on this platform again to learn further technologies..
This is my first course about web development. I am very grateful to Mr. Yaakov Chaikin. I got the right direction and a lot of new knowledge for further study. This course to anyone. You will not regret the time spent.
This course really shows what you need to know in order to start coding high-quality webpages. It'll open a whole new world to those people who are insterested in coding websites and deploying web apps.  I recommend it!
This course has made me more confident about my web development career.Thanks to coursera for providing such platform for the learners.and off course a big thanks to  the instructor Mr. Yaakov Chaikin and the community.
I have learned many skills through this course all lectures are clear and easy to understand I really enjoyed learning from home thanku so much to the coursera and my course instructor for made me easy to learn skills.
Very well explained the course. You'll receive the fundamental knowledge, which will be actual after say 5 years. Unlike AngularJS, which is already outdated, this one is completely worth to take. Great instructor btw!
Great course, I really enjoyed it!  Even though I've done a bit of front-end web development before, the class gave me a solid foundation in the core concepts and I learned a lot. I would highly recommend it to others.
Excellent course, This was a really great course, i learned so much, and it was really interesting and very well explained. I will be taking any more courses done by Yaakov! Really excellent course, thank you so much.
It was the first time i experience online courses and it was great, I learned a lot and i enjoyed the assignments and finally thanks Mr Yaakov you are a great professor. and thanks for UTM for giving me this chance :)
Well-paced, well-presented, engaging and informative. Despite significant pre-existing knowledge of the topic, I feel like I really learned a lot (even though the course is already 4 years old - yet hardly outdated).
It's actually true you learn a ton of new stuff. Information is so packed and concentrated it is amazing! I'm sure that there are people working in the field that don't know a lot of the stuff covered in this course!
It helped me a lot.Ajax topic is a little hard to understand , so feel free to get help on AJax from different sites and then come back to this. It might work wonder. The best way to learn is to get you hands dirty.
I go to a community college and never would have received such a learning experience if it wasn't for Coursera. The instructor has great teaching skills and covers a wide range of topics, all I can say is thank you.
Great course. Yaakov was teaching me from a screen in some other country but it still felt so interactive. The real world webiste part was the most unique thing I have come across. Overall, great course! Loved it.
This is one of the best course about web development. If you know little bit about HTML , CSS  &  JS it will be better for you but overall it's a awesome course. This course help me a lot to enhance my knowledge .
It's a very nice course to start your web development learning. This course will take you through all the basics of web development and introduce you to different framework and libraries used for web development
Excellent Course. Learnt alot in this and especially i really like the professional real life approach for the project being made in this course. Really looking forward to join more courses from this instructor.
Difficult task to cover such a broad subject in one course and you have achieved outstandingly in choosing just the right level of detail. This course is an excellent introduction to get you going and want more.
Great course that covers all the crucial stuff for frondend development. I really liked how information is presented, tasks that make your brain work and use all the knowledge that you gained in previous videos.
Great course. The progression through to JS was well thought out and having a real world, functional web site to analyze at the end of the course is a very helpful resource for digging deeper into the concepts.
Great cource in this category, but i think it needs more assinments in java script and ajax category, and may-be few additional exmples of used for ajax and objects in sending and recieving objects, throw json.
Really good course for those, who want to start applying theoretical knowledge in practical tasks. It helped me a lot to start creating real web apps. Looking forward for Angular course from Yaakov. Rock on \m/
I loved the way Prof. Chaikin taught us in this course. Absolutely a fan of Prof. Chaikin and his teaching methodology. This is the best course so far in my experience to learn Web-Development from the scratch.
Excellent  front end course for the required level (intermediate). Does not go over concepts already known by anyone who has done some programming, and instead concentrates on the laguage most specialised areas
This wonderful course approach us to the basics in HTML5, CSS3 and JS 5, learning the web pages rules and the row style from Bootstrap 4. The Best Choice if you want to start your career in the Web Dev World.
Excellent course. I appreciated the focus on responsive websites with Bootstrap. I really liked the explanations on the core foundations of CSS & JavaScript that seasoned web front end developers should have.
Yaakov is a life-saver. I come from scientific computing background ( Python/C/C++/Fortran ). He is very funny and to the point in the lectures to get your hands on in no time. Thanks for this awesome course!
It is a good course for front end, where you will get the principles of front-end programming.The way how is taught is very good to understand it. I really recommend it if you want to start in front-end word
This course was one of the BEST courses I ever had on any MOOC platform and especially Coursera. Thank you so much Yaakov sir for imparting such wonderful knowledge to young minds like me and everyone else.
Really awesome course that delves into the basics of front-end development. Thanks Prof. Yaakov Chaikin for your clear step by step explanations and fun contents added into your modules. Highly recommend :)
Thanks a lot for this great lectures !I've learned so much following this course.The whole lectures are easy enough to follow and understand.Very good starting point to jump into the web development world.
Amazing course, amazing instructor: Yaakov Chaikin! Everyone who wants to improve their frontend skill should take this course. It is intuive, concice and very clear! And the instructor is AMAZING and FUN!
A wonderful course! Not so heavy workload with lots of practical knowledge. Suitable for those beginners in front end development and UX/UI designers or product manager who want to learn some basic coding.
I've been developing web sites and web apps for some years. I never imagined that I would learn so many things in a course on this subject. Excellent course. Thank you Coursera! Thank you Professor Yaakov!
Great course, the lectures both provide understandable explainations and are really fun to watch. The field trip is also a thing that made this course stand out. Many thanks to Yaakov Chaikin and Coursera
HTML,CSS AND JAVASCRIPT FOR WEB DEVELOPERS IS TRULY A 5-STARS COURSEI REALLY ENJOYED MY TIME EXPLORING THIS COURSE , LEARNING HTML,CSS, JAVASCRIPT ENROLL TODAY TO ENJOY QUALITATIVE LEARNING OF THIS SKILLS
Fun course for a subject that I frankly thought might be a bit tedious, coming from a long history of coding in many other languages. Yaakov brings wonderful positive energy to his teaching of this class.
Well instructed and fun course! The last week is a big challenging if you have no prior exprience with JS, would recommend to take a JS basics course or read the text book first before completing week 5.
Very Good Course. Learn a lot from this course. I learn all the front-end web dev in excellent way. Bit of opportunity to improve on back-end but afterall it is best course to getting start with web dev.
I have enjoyed and learned a lot ,the instructor fulfilled this course .He explained each and every thing .The difficulty increases as we goes on but if we follow the instructor properly nothing to worry
"I'm really glad to be part of  this course. I've never completed a course like this before and I cannot express how great the instructor was and the overall content of the material. ""I Just Love IT":)
This course is a complete collection of necessary skills required to become a web developer. It also focuses on things which are not that essential to build a website but to become a complete developer.
The lectures are useful especially about javascript. Overall I've learned something new and have 
gained some pointers where to start. This IS A GREAT COURSE!Thank you so much for everything, Mr.Yaakov!
Great course. A little deeper exercises and assignments at the end of each module could favor a better understanding and mastering of the taught concepts and techniques. I enjoyed it and learned a lot.
Very good course. I'd definitely recommend it to anyone learning about HTML, CSS and JaaScript. The lectures are very well structured and result in a really good understanding. Definitely try this out!
This course helped me to organize what I already know, and fill some gaps. Yaakov makes good explanations of things that come into web pages, and after his lectures I find my knowledge defragmented :-)
I really like the way of teaching...All the technical details and the reasons behind their use is discussed in a simple manner.Must to course for both beginners and developers with little experience.
It is one of the best course , that I have ever seen.I would like to thank the instructor for everything he has taught.I am entering in Development World with the help of this course.Thanks again!!!
I started from zero level when i was just child in field of html and development , but this course made me to understand all concept and use html and CSS in real life through different assignments.
Excellent course for people with intermediate knowledge of programming. Very eloquently teaches Bootstrap framework and Javascript along with AJAX. Must take course for any aspiring web developer!
The Course was Great. It teaches a lot about the Basics of Web-Page Development. The instructor was awesome and ensures that the viewers gets whatever he says. In conclusion, One heck of a course.
Professor was awesome! Lectures were really good. The only thing that I can think to improve on is some clarity on the explanations but even then that was on point. Enjoyed this course very much!
Very nice course, but need more russian subtitles because even if i'm not ad at english but still some words ad other things is too difficult for ordinary user. Thank you for such amazing course
It is well done but it is very basic. The method is good since we get the basic programs to work with them and follow the lectures. The instructor explains things in a detailed and clear manner.
Thank you, Professor Chaikin. It's a fast-paced course but deeply focused in important topics of html fundamentals, css use and organization, javascript fundamentals, and consistent ajax basics.
Very good course to start in the world of web development, I loved the part where you talk to the customer and note the requirements that will have the site (First time I see a course) is taken.
What a thoroughly informative and enjoyable course! A big shout-out to Prof. Chaikin who explains the concepts in such a brilliant manner. Highly recommend this course to budding web developers.
Hello!I found this course very exciting!The lecturer's voice is clear and the video is excellent quality.The materials are interesting, well structured and practical.Many thanks for the team! =)
Great course, especially for those who are only starting out in the field of IT and Web Development in particular and have some basic knowledge, but want to enhance it. Really enjoyed doing it!
Very exceptional course with clear and understandable lectures, leading student from nothing through basic levels of web development and finish at making a decent looking website. Worth taking!
This course really made me learn new things in a very easy manner, specially with the real website and client part in much less time. It is good for beginner as it has all fundamentals needed.
Very good course,the contents were explained super clearly. Maybe right now it's a little bit outdated, because there are new technologies like Bootstrap 4 and ECS6. But in general Super Good.
Excellent explanation. Short quizzes interspersed in the material is very useful and keeps us engaging.Teacher is <a href="#one">#one</a><section id="one"><p>Outstanding teacher!</P></section>
This course is awesome! I went from knowing nothing to develop my own webpages using HTML, CSS and JS. I highly recommend this course if you want to learn the basics of front web development!
Its my first time, attending any online course and the way this course is made, its just awesome and can gain much more knowledge than what i expected. Thanks to team coursera and yaakov sir.
Great! Not only did it help me learn HTML, CSS, JS, but also helped in understanding how should the code be written, what are the good practices. Loved the way Professor explained everything!
Awesome course! I really liked the way Prof. Yaakov Chaikin has structured the course, very informative and very interactive. Thanks to Prof. Yaakov. I would definitely recommend this course.
Awesome course for learning important aspect of HTML, CSS and Js. Yo get a big picture but also learn the technical material. You can learn what you can and cannot do with these technologies.
Phenomenal course! Hands-on, great and thorough lectures. Perfect for beginners as well as people with some experience/idea how html works! Much more advanced than many other courses offered.
This teacher is amazing. I was registered for Angular, when it was delayed the teacher wrote and recommended this (week 4 and 5) to brush up on Javascript. So glad I found it. He is so clear.
The course is very informative and useful if you are newly introducing yourself to web development.And the instructor is just awesome! He makes the course very interesting, deserves  5 stars.
I think this has been the best course I have taken, very useful for those who know a little but we are not experts, because it helps to continue learning and improving our skills. Thank you!
It is great course to learn markup and javascript. It has great explation of how to create responsive and nice web page. Thanks to coursera, John Hopkins University and to Yaakov especially!
Great course and instructor. Requires no pre-requisites and goes quite deep. Will teach alot about web development, and instructor responds in forums with detailed replies. Active community.
Great course!!! The explanations are very clear and the material is also pretty good. Recommended for everyone that wishes to learn about web development and improve your programming skills.
Amazing Course with a great communicator.The message is passed on a clear way and the examples are amazing.Whish we could have some more to learn.Thank you for sharing your knowledge!António
It is an excellent course with well-explained contents. It gives you exposure to the development of a professional website. The special thanks to the instructor for his effort and teaching.
This is a great course if you want to learn the fundamentals of front-end development. The course also gives you a hands-on experience to Bootstrap, after which you can explore it yourself.
It was indeed a very helpful course. It not only cleared my basics, but also helped me learn a lot in Web Development. I would like to extend my heartiest gratitude to my mentor Mr. Yaakov.
Great course. I really recommend it. I have learned many things. Maybe it could be a bit tough for who doesn't have any experience with coding, but It's totally worth it. I really enjoy it.
This is a really great course... I had some experience in Front End, and still, through this course I got many insights and got better understanding of several Front-End aspects. Thumbs up!
This is a great course , with a very smooth flow.i started as an absolute beginner ,but i know feel pretty confident in this topics .thank you yaakov chaikin and the entrie coursera team .
Great course to have a basic understanding how to write a client-side web application using HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript. The course is very comprehensible, and highly based on the examples.
Best course for web page development I have came across so far. The course is very well prepared and was fun from the beginning to the very last. Thank you very much for that great effort.
Best online course I have ever participated! Really good idea to use git and github as a platform for making reviews, very modern style!Appreciate to be part of this!Thank you very much!!!
Great class, very helpful forum if you get lost, the videos are very straight forward so if there's ever the case you get stumped during an assignment you can get right back to the lesson.
Thank you for such an interesting and intensive course on web development, it really covers a lot: HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap 3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, wow, that's really cool course!
This course is beginner friendly covers lots of topics in depth. Through this course you really going to make a good start in the world of web development. I highly recommend this course.
Very informative course, lectures are well done and keep your interest throughout the course.  Although it is slightly dated it provides a good foundation for web front end development !
Thanks to  Yaakov Chaikin for this awesome course. I was already a developer but i opted this course to become better  and by means of choosing this course i have learnt a lot from here.
I am a Java software engineer in a big company. Took this course while commuting. Really great course with great lectures. It is fun listening to the lectures, which is really important.
The course was really cool but in last two modules i would say there could be lots of improvement i was not able to catch up in last module , but nevertheless it was a great experience.
I learned so much new thing from this course. Basic JavaScript concept increase my knowledge in dynamic website. Everyone should take this course to build career in Web Development ..!!
This is a really great course. The teacher makes it a passionate, interesting and, above all, friendly experience.One of the most complete and thorough courses I've found on this topic.
Great Course for everyone who is looking to learn and understand HTML 5, CSS 3, JavaScript.By completing this course you will have one good project in your hand to display your skills.
Everything about this course was excellent! The quality of instruction, the motivational aspects, and of course -- something that Prof Yaakov always seems to strive for -- lots of fun!
Really a great instructor, benefited me a lot to grab the basics of web development, not just that the course exercises are also a great place to practice what we learn in the modules.
This course was interesting and It makes me to purchase whole specialization.Assignments improve my skills to a Web Developer.I really like Yaakov Chaikin's courses. Thank You.   : )
Excellent course for the beginners to get started with front end web development. Instructor is great and the assignments are made such that we can get maximum benefit of the course.
This is an amazing course. It's a shame that i can't pay to get this certificate but is 100 % recommended. I always have had curiosity to understand  what is that amazing  web world.
Really good course with a really a good teacher and instructor. Everything is very well explained and I feel I've learned a lot (specially as a newbie in this field) :)Thank so much!
This course is a great course. Lots of thing i have learn from this course.Thank you coursera to giving this platefrom and also thank to my  instructor of this course Yaakov Chaikin
The way of explanation is very good.The accent of intructor is very fluent and understandable.The voice of teacher is smooth and instructor shared a lot of knowledge in this course.
Here are simple coding assigments in this course however much info behind of them if you know where to look. There are many useful advices. The course is a good thing to start with.
Great course.  Instruction was clear.  Information had great depth for an intro course.  Gives you enough to build basic webpages and begin to explore nonbasic concepts on your own.
This is an awesome course. Namespaces, IIFEs and the likes have helped me better understand Javascript. Yaakov is by far the best teacher I have met online, along with Jeffrey Way.
Great lectures, great structure, great instruction. Great course for beginners to HTML. Its easy to get the necessary information to go from no knowledge to a decent understanding.
Although I have been working on web for considerable time, it has been a welcome refresher to go through the course and revise some concepts that were almost forgotten. Brilliant!
A very solid course on HTML, CSS, JavaScript with Bootstrap and AJAX! I've never learned so much. Yaakov Chaikin does a great job explaining everything in great amount of details.
I think this course is best of "HTML, CSS, and Javascript" courses on Coursera!Working with Git, going deep into objects and function in JavaScript,  HTML/CSS/JS tricks and so on.
Really amazing course taught in an interesting way.Helped me understand my interests.Never once got bored.Anyone wanting to learn about web development should try this course out
Great course content, Prof. Chaikin explains all the concepts very well. Although I feel that the assignments in this course are too easy, they should have been more challenging.
this is an amazing course anyone who want to learn web development this course will help hoy to build basic and also the coding section.so anybody should go through this course.
It teach you the basics of web development, the teacher is great explaining and he refers to some sites or concepts that may  help you  understand other part of web development.
Thankyou coursera for providing an excellent platform to learn and grab technical skills at an easy pace.It was a good time to add web development skills to our accomplishments.
It's a great course. Well planned. The assignments were pretty easy though. But amazing otherwise. I'd readily recommend it to anybody wanting to become front-end web developers
I like this course. Lections are very structured and easy to understand! Sometimes, I wanted tasks to be more complex, but anyway, It gave me a great start knowledge. Thank you!
This is the first-ever online course I took— and it's marvelous! Sir Chaikin explains the lessons clearly that even a beginner like me can understand. So glad I found Coursera!
My first course on Coursera. I am glad to start with this course very well designed course anyone who do not have any experience in this field can be a master with this course.
Being the very first online course I completed, I can't be the best of the judges, but I am sure that this is would be one of the best courses to start learning web-development
Excellent course covering not only basics and most useful features of the languages, but also principles on wich popular libraries are based. Assignments are easy yet engaging.
The course is a properly designed and tuned series of lessons with each taking a few steps ahead while not flooding the student with knowledge either. Overall I learned a lot.
This is a quick and a good way to start learning about web programming. Lectures are really easy to understand and the material wonderfully helps to see how all work together.
It was an excellent course about web development, I learned so much and I felt really comfortable through all the process. Congratulations to the teacher Yaakov, it's awesome.
Thank you so much for this course, so much information it's amazing! thanks and good luck, hope to see more courses from you or the one that will come as upgrade for this one.
The course has a great amount of detail and covers a lot of contents. I did a web development course prior to this one and I still learnt a lot of basics and got new insights.
Thank you coursera and Johns Hopkins team for this wonderful course. This course is a really superb for a beginner web developer. Our tutor present the course in the best way.
This course and instructor deserve far better than just 5 stars. I haven't learned in a better way than this track. I'm in fact looking for other courses instructed by Yaakov!
I was a noob, Before I get this course I only know some html codes and don't know about it's history ! The best online course ever :) Thanks Yaakov & John Hopkins University!
Coursera is working an extremely great work by helping student. I respect all the teachers because they worked with honesty and dedication. I pray God to fulfill your wishes.
Very beginner-friendly. My favorite part is the interview with the restaurant owner. It guides the students in details on how to be a web developer with a practical example..
After course I try to find job and in test examination I used most of this course things. Best teacher, done so large different work to make course interesting and versatile.
Although I audited the course, the course provides a clear and concise  instructions and  in particular the   Java script and AJAX videos are excellent.   Highly recommended.
Wow! Thanks a lot! I really enjoy that course! Good explanations, interesting and useful lectures, very simple english, so I understood every word, every sentence. Thank you!
Yaakov gave a very clear coaching with real-world application. The second half could be a little hard just need to spend some time on the coding. You can really learn a lot!
This course has really helped me gain practical knowledge in Web Development. The guild is very interactive and anyone interested in Web Development must give this one a go.
Including real website coding enhances this course. But the JS Module didn't cover much that is one flaw in the website. Hope so it gets added. Rest the course is very good.
The AJAX portion of the course is a little handwavy but the basics of HTML JS and CSS are solid and explained to a great depth for an introductory course. Fully recommended.
It was a great course with a lot of great content, personally the last part was a little tricky but it's obvious to be a real world case. Excellent Job, thanks to the team.
A great course for beginners as well as advance developer .I i liked the unique concept of field trip in a website development course.precise and to the point explanations.
This was an amazing course! Yaakov was really clear with the information provided and the course itself covered a lot of details necessary to better understand the subject.
A very useful course for those who want to learn quickly and efficiently.Also, this course gives me the ability to understand the hidden tips of technical coding.Thank you!
Great course!! I can learn many things on this, even though some topics still understand not clearly but need to study by external resources and practice more. I love it :D
Without a doubt one of the best teachings I've ever been involved with for HTML CSS & JavaScript. He teaches in a most articulate style and explains in proffesional detail.
This course is very usefuld cause it covers the basis and so much deeper and very well explained. I just found a big leap between modules 3 and 4, the difficulty increases!
This is an Awesome Course for learning HTML,CSS,JAVASCRIPT...This course helps you to clear the basics , that can help you to build the web application fastely,precisely..
Great course to start my journey in the web dev world! thanks a lot for your help and hopefully I can continue with one of the other courses that you have. See you around!
Great course! The instructor Yaakov Chaikin is a good instructor. His teaching style and methodology is very effective! I'm definitely going to pay this course. Thank you!
As a blogger for years I am devouring this course and loving every single bit! Yaakov has presented this in such an easy to digest and understandable way. An absolute gem!
This is an excellent course for web developers. It teaches  lot more than expected. This course is little bit older like of 2015 but still worth learning for fundamentals
This course has helped me to clearly understand the fundamentals of Basic Web Development. The way the instructor has represented the whole course is totally incredible .
Hi! I think that this course gave me information that will help me in my future career. This course is easy to understand although it gives you good knowledge. Thank you!
A really great course. It's very interesting specially for beginners web developers and backend developers that want to fill the gap about frontend development (my case).
The content of the course is very well developed, since essential aspects of each technology are covered. The explanation is clear and easy to follow. Highly recommended
One of the best online web developer course which I was taken. Clearly explained the concepts and generating that enthusiasm to learn and experiment.  Thank you so much.
The way Professor  Yaakov teaches this course is simply awesome. I enjoyed this course a lot. By the end of this class, I've learned a lot of skills. Thank you coursera!
Fantastic Course. This course not only gives practical knowledge but also the theory behind those.The reason of using something in a particulae place.I love this course
This is a beautifully designed fast paced course, beginner may need some extra efforts to cope up with. Very interactive and gives proper in depth knowledge of subject.
Very good and comprehensive course with a lot of fun and a nice teacher!For the Java Script part, you should be prepared to have basic programming experiences already..
Best HTML, CSS and JS I've taken so far. It covers all the basics to get you started in web development with a solid foundation. Great structure and teacher! Thank you!
I had never seen a kind of course on Coursera I think it's one of the best courses for beginners and improves gradually. Thank you so much sir for your indeed efforts.
Great course!If you want to become a web developer, this course is a must for you. It took me a great amount of time to solve the final assignment. But it was worth it
Very clear and structured material delivered by a great lecturer. Close-to-real-life examples and advices concerning cutting edge developing tools are really helpful.
An excellent course to get started with web development basics. Peer assignment system of evaluation is really good. The instructor explained everything really well.
This course is extremely helpful for someone who is starting the journey of web development, I recommend for anyone that wants a good solid foundation. Great course!
If you looking for a web development course to improve your skills.  I would suggest you look no further, this course has everything you need to improve your skills.
Yaakov sir explains each and every important concepts very clearly. This course will surely clear basics of HTML,CSS and JS for a beginner.Thank you for this course.
I was more than happy to uncover this great course. I need to thank you for your time due to this fantastic effort!! I definitely enjoyed every bit of it. Thank you!
Excellent course!!!. Very clear explanations. However, I think more time should be spent on the last topics as they're more complex to understand 8for me at least!).
It is indeed a great foundation for Web Developers! Easy to understand, great examples, very recommended to all web enthusiast! Awesome jobs John Hopkins University!
Very good course. Very well explained. Although that the assignements could be more difficult :-) More time to do a harder work and we will learn more with mistakes.
Really good course, Thank you : What I liked the most is? - The koans at the end of each "not always" lesson.The professor gives you the what´s, why´s and some tips.
I'm in the first week but I find it to be fun and very informative. Everything has been explained in great detail. Very happy for this introductory class. Thank you.
This course really helped me in learning HTML, CSS and Javascript. At the beginning I was only able to use basic HTML tags. But now I can build a website on my own.
A course explained and organized very well. For me that mainly work as software developer on back end it was great to get a better front end technologies knowledge.
This course encourages you to always be reading and studying, Professor Yaakov presents very content-dense study materials that help you understand in a great way.
My first and maybe the best experience for taking an online course......and professor really knows what questions can pop up in someones mind after doing some part
The professor's teaching methods were awesome. Please re launch the course because I haven't enrolled in the last course(6th). Its a kind request to the professor.
This course was really helpful and also productive... I really appreciate and thank our mentor Mr. Yaakov Chaikin and Coursera. Great Work! and once again thank u!
I've found this course so useful and practical.  The delivery style is excellent and the assignments really help you to become more acquainted with the techniques.
Well deserved 5 star rating! This course was used as a refresher but also help lay the foundation to applying my web dev skills to a more real world practical use.
Probably the best online course I have taken thus far. All the work that was done to make the course a success is evident in the delivery and in my understanding.
Great course for intro to HTML, CSS, and Javascript.  Great explanation on the why and clear meaningful examples given in the course.  Thank you to Yaakov & Team.
A course without tedious learning of tags, styles, properties and js commands that tries to give you an overview of developing front end of a single page web app.
I'm in a web development for many years, but I learned all things in very unorganized way.  This tutorial helps me to sort all of that. You deserved a Five stars.
This is a really great course! I learned a lot with Prof. Yaakov Chaiki! He has a so nice teaching technique and his amusing personality makes it a funny course.
Thank you all who worked really hard behind this wonderful course. Learned so many new things which will surely help me a lot to build reliable web applications.
Thank You for this course. It has helped me very much in my carrier achievement and I have also learned new things from the top most ranked university professor.
Good amount of new information on a quick enough speed. I recommend this course to everyone who wants to start with HTML, CSS and JS. I like the humor of Yaakov.
Thank you so much, Mr. Yaakov, you are Great and your lectures are awesome!  I am new in programming and I have learnt a lot for your lectures and never give up!
Very nice course with so many other things which may be useful in various things. I found the ajax part a bit difficult. But other than that a very nice course.
This course was a great addition for my web development startup. Professor Yaakov is Amazing. Easy to Understand and you get to learn everything with the flow.
first of all, I want to say a big thanks to all the organizers and everybody that made this course possible. I would definitely recommend tis course to anybody
A very good course for those who want to start learning about web development. The instructor is very good in teaching. I highly recommend to take this course.
Excellent Course. Excellent Content and Excellent Teaching.Impressed with the Tutor's command over the subjects. I can't ask for anything better.Thank you Sir!
An excellent introductory course to these important web technologies, and delivered in a very invigorating way.  I was surprised at the details I didn't know.
Good lectures from the Instructor. Very well framed lectures and step by step explanations till the end of course. Covering all topics related to this course.
The discussion reinforces a strong foundation for front-end web development.  In particular, the Javascript component of the course was quite valuable for me.
Definitely one of the best web development courses i ever took and moreover the field trip part demonstrates us how to real time project requirement would be.
The best course! so far on Coursera. Very impressed with the instructor Yaakov and also everyone who provided timely help with assignments or other questions.
Awesome lectures and drills. Also, very useful materials. Perfect to me as a home-based worker. I'll recommend this to my friends and mentors. Kudos Coursera!
The course well conducted by the instructor. The instruction is clear and engaging. Highly recommended for those who want sharpen their web development skill
It is awesome. I have learnt Html, CSS before, but I didn't understand them well. Thanks for Yakkov's lecture, with which I finally got through the language.
The Course is very easily Understandable . Yaakov Chaikin sir presented it very nicely that I could understand the concepts very well. Thanks for that Sir!!
Excellent course! Great mix of theory and practice. Foundation parts are just perfect and will give you the knowledge of what's going on behind the scenes.
Nice course indeed but a little time consuming considering stuffs have gotten a little backdated in some areas which needs to be looked at in search engine
This is a very good platform to learn and gain the knowledge I recommend all to go through this course who is interested to learn HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
It was fun to learn web development with coursera. And this course and instructor is so supportive and tallented. The way of his teaching is just superb!!!
it is a great course. it add something great in my life thanks for everything and the instructor is a very very good it gives lot and lot of understanding.
I really appreciated this excellent course. Many thanks to Yaakov Chaikin and his collaborators from Johns Hopkins University for sharing this opportunity.
I enjoyed every moment of it. The explanations are very thorough and it seems that Yaakov is answering the question that you're going to ask in a moment...
Very good course, after I started to take this course I also signed up for the other courses in the specialization and they also turned up to be very good.
Extremely well planned and highly instructive course which I recommend above most on-line courses on Web development. Hands-on coding makes the difference.
This course has changed my view of web development. I am so grateful. It helped me a lot. thank you Yaakov Chaikin <3. Thank you Johns Hopkins University.
Very clear and thorough explanation. This course covers all the basics and have them explained clearly so that you really understand why and how it works.
Yaakov is an excellent instructor, as long as you are able to listen, and do the coursework, you have an opportunity to learn quite a bit from this class.
This course helps you to get started with web development quickly. I recommend everyone who has a basic knowledge in programming can take up this course.
The best web development course I have ever taken. Learnt so much in a span of 5 weeks. Kudos to the entire team and  a Big Thanks to Mr.Yaakov Chaikin .
WOOOHHH!!!!  i cant explain how important this course is but truly this is amazing and fun5* . everybody should have it if u are planing web development.
This way lecturer explained about each topic really very good, covered all required topics. So This is really helped for me.Thanks to Yaakov Chaikin Sir.
Great course! I've done quite a few front-end online courses but nothing beats this one. Clear concepts, good explanations and a great real life project.
This was a good course.But i had few problems on understanding few things and i needed to take some help from other source still this course is amazing.
This course is very helpful.The instructor's teaching quality is very good. But now a days, technology is being updated.so update course should be taken
This course is super adequate for very beginners. It's detailed and organised. If you want to learn more advanced tech, it's better to do more projects.
A very useful and interesting introduction to most actual web technologies. I'll suggest to everything that would become a web developer. Thanks Yankov!
Great guidelines and teaching schematics, I love the way the lectures are approach and how this vast topic has been made basic, easy and understandable.
Very good course. Lots of useful tips on how to set up an efficient development environment. This course has a lot of knowledge and is very well taught.
Really great course! The professor makes it very easy to learn, especially if you know nothing about web development and you need to learn really quick!
I learned many things in this course about how to make a website. Please update week 1 videos, github already updated the way they branch repositories.
I learned a lot about html, css and js,  articulated, clear about the concepts and practical enough. I can't wait to build myself a small blog website.
Yaakov is one of the nicest teachers that I have ever seen. The course is fundamental but comprehensive. It will be a good start-up for web developers.
An awesome experience and great platform to learn many things and earn more knowledge.Special thanks to Yaakov sir for his extremely valuable guidance.
The course is well structured and the teacher is very good.However, the teacher should not persuade the students to give a 5 star rating to the course.
Excellent course. The information was presented in a professional and logical manner with practical exercises to reinforce understanding of concepts.
A great course to start studying web development. Introduces to students different tools and concepts, provides useful materials for further studies.
Great course that will introduce you to HTML, CSS and Javascript. Fast paced and good exercises with force you to use your knowledge and imagination.
Course was overall excellent...helped me to enhance my web development skill from ground...so thank you professor Yaakov for this wonderful journey.
the course is so detailed and narrative with assignments and practicals to work on. looking forward to more on front-end technologies course. thanks
Course is very helpful . The style of teaching is really good , the instructor creates curiosity about concepts which makes learning a fun activity.
This course made it easy for me to live my dream. Always wanted to learn these cool stuffs,never got a chance. But hey! Coursera is there for you :)
Amazing course
The fact of a real case be used to implement a web site makes the course experience  very nice.
All concepts are very well explained.
A very interesting course in which you can learn HTML, CSS and JavaScript. You don't need a high level to start this course but you can learn a lot.
It's really great. I used to programme backend application in Java EE and modern frontend was a kind of magic for me. Now I understand!Thanks a lot.
Hands down one of the best online courses for beginners who want to learn web development.It was such a fun-filled and amazing learning experience!
Thanks for giving us opportunity to learn in this critical situation of cornavirius. This really amazing experience for me to  learn something new.
it is really a very nice course with video explanation. and a small suggestion is some tags and attributed can be explained in a more detailed way.
I really liked the way he has explained every topic in very much easier manner. Though i was knowing many concepts but this course is worth doing.
This course was really great for all. Either beginner or experiencedBut honestly being a non Javascript programmer week 5 was tough to understand.
I enjoyed every bit of this course. I have gained so much skills. Thank you coursera. Thanks John Hopkins University. Thanks prof. Yaakov Chaikin
Great Course. I learned Fundamentals of HTML & CSS. Also Javascript module is great. Yes I learned many things from this course.Thank You! Yaakov
Good course. Relevant knowledge.JS part was a little bit too hard, cause there was not much overall development theory.. but overall - very good.
Thank you! It is a great course and it really improved my skills! Perhaps a new version could show a little how to organize internationalization.
nothing to complain about this course , invaluable course in coursera.org I hope he  turns  this course into specialization with multiple courses
This is a great course, specially the trainer and his contents. I hope the course content will be updated with new versions as soon as possible.
It's a very nice course.This course explains HTML and CSS fundamentally.But you should know basic of JAVA Script before learning in this course.
I really liked this course! Very clear explanations, an interesting real example of a website. Now I want to continue my specialization studies.
Great experience. It helps you work on real modules . Doubts were cleared with the help of discussions. Overall It was the best course till now!
Very good course, even for a person with some background in these topics. The instructor is a great teacher - very articulate and knowledgeable.
This course is amazing, I loved this  Course,,, and also I learned a lot of things...This course helps me to know a lot of things..Thank you...
Great Course. It cleared all my concepts towards Web Development.Thank You Yaakov Chaikin & Johns Hopkins University for providing this course.
Great course for the beginners.  I believe these who are really interested in web design will like it. Thanks for the lecturers of this course.
It's explained beautifully. The optional quizzes show you some neat tricks / easy to miss information. And the pacing works really well for me.
You will never find such a best combination of these three courses together. A must to take course for all the front end's and web developers.
It is a complete course, the instructor make it easy to understand and is everything but boring. Awesome course, it really helped me in my job
The instructor does well to structure the course to focuses on important concepts. His explanations are clear and expectations are reasonable.
REALLY V. GOOD COURSE FOR LEARNING WEB DEVELOPMENT FROM BASICS.THANKS YAKOV SIR FOR YOUR HARDWORK AND FOR PROVIDING A BEAUTIFUL COURSE TO US.
It is a fantastic course, I learned a lot of new knowledge.In the beginning it starts slow but at the final module course running as a train!
i have learned alot from this course.it was an amazing journey for me..thanks alot coursera.and also thank to my respected sir.YAAKOV CHAIKIN
This course will give your a good understanding to starting building your websites. It is very well conducte,  structured and easy to follow.
This is a great course to learn HTML, CSS and JavaScript. But git version is old in the videos. That confuses if you don't familiar with git.
It is a really good and well-organized course! I definetely recommend it to anyone who wants to start exploring the field of web development!
Great information not just on coding but also the programs used in coding. Also, incredibly well presented and easy to follow and understand.
Informative, detailed and well constructed together with well timed responses from the community,the course components marry well together!!!
Very nice course for all developers to start their journeys in learning the basics and building up solid foundations to start their careers.
The assignment can become more challenging and more project-oriented.  Otherwise, it is pretty good on the whole, especially the field trip.
This Course Is Great For Your Front-End Part.They Just Will Also Tell You How To Build Websites For Clients As Well.I Recommend This Course.
This course teaches in a great way fundamentals which a beginner should know to proceed with acquiring further knowledge in web development.
I have compared it to other web development course and this is the best course so far in my opinion.Thank you for such a wonderful learning.
Awesome course! This was my first course on coursera and I am satisfied. This course gave me many tips in order to improve my coding on web.
Becoming Senior level professional within the next two years is very important for me. JHU Computer Science course will me reach that level.
Very well done course, Yaakov is a great teacher, he gives clearly the foundations of HTML/CSS/JS and the whole course experience was great
This course was a very good intro for me to get to web-development. you will learn enough while the whole course is fluid and easy to pass.
Great Course.Learned a Lot of different things.Will Recommend anyone who is looking forward to get a good understanding of web development.
Excellent course! It combines the perfect amount of "practical" theory that it will really help in real life. Very understandably examples.
Very well explained and lots of details to understand (not to mention that all the course has examples that can be downloaded from github).
Thank you Johns Hopkins University, Coursera, BPI, Yaakov Chaikin, his family, and the team and sponsors that made this training possible.
I really enjoy this class. Easy to understand what's the teacher said. The best part is those assignment which testified I learned or not.
i really liked the way sir taught us in this course one suggestion as much of learners are student so just make the resources free thanks
This course makes well development so much fun! very easy to understand and follow the examples. The best course I have ever enrolled in.
This is a very good course, this results in Professor Yaakov Chaikin who has a great training plan.Thank you, Professor Yaakov Chaikin!!!
Very good course even for seasoned developers. Its always a good idea to know technologies basics and this course achieves it gracefully!
An excellent course that teaches the basics of front-end web development. Easy enough to be passed, hard enough to be challenging. Great!
A great course.  All the basics covered well. A good starting point for anyone with no previous experience  in HTML, CSS  and Javascript.
Lot of useful knowledge given in very easy way. Accelerates fist steps in web development and gives strong ideas of future possibilities.
really detailed course work with good foundation. better than being in a classroom.Still learning and aspiring for greatness.Kudos all!!!
Very comprehensive and pedagogic! I appreciate how Yaakov Chaikin explains every line of the code and he even brought us on a field trip.
The last week section i.e, The Ajax one need to be explained in a more better way.Otherwise the course is awesome One must enroll to it.
thanks to Yaakov Chaikin sir who gave much support to complete this coursethanks to everyonemeet u guys in the next course😎😎😎😎😎😎😎
It was an great course and learned something new and different. Thank you to the team of John Hopkin's University and Coursera for this.
This is indeed a very good course.....he teach us to create a real world web site which actually exists in the web today....thanks yakov
An excellent course, i will going to finishing all the specialization and i expect that the other courses could be as great as this one.
The best theoretical course for mid-level web developers! A must have for understanding a lot of counter-intuitive behavior of the code.
Great Course and great teacher. Excellent explanations. if you are looking for a good JS course  for fundamentals, do not miss module 4.
The clearest, easy to follow, lecturer on HTML, CSS and web development available online.Please do a Bootstrap 4 class.Thank you,Cheryl
Quite simple to understand the basics of web programming, not too deep, not too shallow. I totally recommend this course for beginners.
Great Course that provides a good survey knowledge of HTML5, CSS, and Javascript.  Provided a great introduction to Web App Development
Great lectures and the coding assignments solidify the new knowledge.  Lots of context so that you can identify the tools of the trade.
its really a great course to learn from scarch.I recommend others to go through this course to gain the proper base of web development
I really enjoyed this course, since it is really creative. If you are a beginner at web development, this is the most suitable course!
The Teacher explains everything so nicely, he has full command on the subject and language. its a very interesting course and helpful.
Amazing course, everything is made simple, understandable but deep enough to unveil most of the secrets of these languages. Thank you.
Learned many things, instructor was good, the way of teaching was good. interested to go for paid certification :). thank you coursera
I also went through a couple of other universities that provide the same course, But this is the best of all. Easy and simple as well.
Great course and the instructor has done good work keeping the course interesting throughout. Had a good time completing this course.
Course was absolutely amazing and  got each and every concept cleared.And instructor was killer yar!!.Best course I've ever enrolled.
Best course of HTML, CSS and JavaScript I've seen so far. Teaching skills is everything and this Yaakov Chaikin is really good at it.
It is reallyy awesome.. When I started, I didn't know anything about web design. Now I can design a website !!! Thanks to the course!
Amazing Course i'm so happy to be a part of this great course, thank you so much Yaakov Chaikin , it was an Honor to learn from You.
Fantastic course, well structured with an actual commercial site being built as part of the course. Wow!, kudos to a true teacher!!!
THANKS A LOT!!! I LEARNED THE BEST WAY TO DEVELOP HTML, CSS AND JAVASCRIPT. THE TOOLS GITHUB, SUBLIME AND BROWSER-SYNC ARE POWERFUL.
I learnt a lot in this course.This is my first course in coursera. The instructor explained it very well.I really enjoyed learning.
A great course Indeed. It was a great way of teaching. Really learned a lot about Web Development and Designing from my zero basic.
This is a great course for beginners.If you are a beginner go for this course.It builds your basic concepts of HTML/CSS/JAVASCRIPT.
The HTML & CSS part is easy to understand.. however the Javascript part applied in the restaurant site is a bit hard to understand.
Instructor goes to the depth to explain the concepts behind certain things - it helps develop a better understading of the subject.
The course was very good and fun to learn. This helped me learn the web development from the basics. Thanks for making this course.
Great course! This course gave me a clear understanding of JavaScript basics and Bootstrap framework! Thanks to Yaakov Chaikin Sir!
The course was enjoyable! Teaching instructor was great at explaining the concepts and examples. Hands-on assignments were helpful.
It has been a great learning experience so far. Picking up a lot of new things, even after having been doing front end for a while.
It has really good explanations, a very complete look into the basics of HTML, CSS and Javascript, and overall easy to understand.
Its really a very good course learnt a lot about web development.I started to respect the web developers after taking this course.
Great course.  Nicely structured and balanced. Yaakov made learning process easy to absorb - not to mention - fun too!  Thumbs up!
This is a very well thought out course and I learned a ton from it. A great place to start learning about HTML, CSS and Javascript
Perfect - superbly explained, well paced, thorough without being overwhelming and offers some intuitive and rewarding assignments.
High level (at least for me), but very well explained. I really like rating and being rated by other students. World class course!
Thank you coursera in this pandemic time we provide a lot of knowledge to gain a programming.  And in this course we enjoy a lot.
It was a nice experience learning this course. I got to learn soo many languages. Highly Thanks to the instructor Yaakov Chaikin.
Best course I have seen so far for web development. I learned a ton of things that would hopefully help me in my future projects.
If you are interested then you should take this course. It starts from basic and progrsses to advanced level.. Happy learning :-)
This course was awesome.  A learned a lot from this course. This course was very beneficial to boost up my academics performance.
Great course. Instruction knows his stuff, is clear in his instruction, and adds a good bit of humor once in a while. Enjoyed it!
Great course for beginners in web development with an excellent instructor who explains everything in detail. Highly recommended.
An excellent introduction to web development technologies, valuable even to people who have been doing web development for years.
really helpful! Good explanations and examples! Makes you to dive in and explore the whole process from the beginning to the end.
Professor makes learning very easy and engaging. Good content and course materials. I have learned so much in these last 2 weeks.
The excellent course and grateful thanks for the instructor to come up with this course. Thought us the web basics from scratch.
Really well structured course to understand web development foundation. Professor is very exceptional in delivering the content.
Great course, I really enjoyed it. It gave me a very good understanding of HTML CSS and Javascript to start my own new projects.
Great course, great material and very fun to watch! Show real examples and keep us always motivated to follow! Thanks very much!
great course in general but topics like AJAX have been just touched over at last which needs to be taught in a bit more details
Nice course. It introduces you to the basics of web development. It's understandable and easy to follow. I like to complete it.
IT'S TOO GOOD AND A NICE EXPERIENCE TO LEARN THIS COURSE.THANK YOU COURSERA TEAM AND THANK YOU SIR FOR THIS NICE OPPORTUNITY...
Great course.. I really enjoyed field trip part. Learning everything from fresh start again teacher made it very easy to learn.
Thank You Yaakov Chaikin Sir & Coursera for great course. I'm really thankful to you. Thank you for giving me this opportunity.
It is a very good course! Thorough and engaging explanations! Can't wait to start Angular course!  Thank you  very much Yaakov!
Great course! Covers a lot of useful topics to build your own site. Good speed and doesn't contain useless talks about nothing.
Wonderful course. thoroughly informative and  the discussions page really helped me to overcome several annoying small problems
Very organized and informative tutorials and most importantly a practical way to visualize how things are going. So I love it.
Do not waste time in learning web development from youtube. This course in best of all to learn the basics of web development.
AWESOME ! If you want to step in front-end web development, this course is going to help you a lot. Don't think, just dive in.
It was a very beautiful course and the coach was explaining in a beautiful and useful way that anyone could understand quickly
It is really beneficial for me. I am enhancing my skils through this course. The way all the things explained here is amazing.
This course is very usefull... in a simple word.. Its awesome...  thank you "Johns Hopkins University" and Mr. Yaakov Chaikin.
great course on the basics of front end web development. I liked the part on JavaScript best, challenging but not not too hard
Excellent course. It has a lot of practice, the instructor is peerless, and you learn solid foundations for HTML, CSS and JS.
Excellent course to start in the world of the web developer, I highly recommend it if you want the basics. Thank you so much.
I'm learning a massive amount of information.  The course is well paced, clearly articulated and provides excellent examples.
I have learnt a lot in this course! It is basic but the fundamentals will actually make you familiar with all the interfaces!
Mr Chaikin will teach you A LOT in these five weeks, more than most (if not all) of the courses out here. Best lectures ever!
This course is fun and the instructor is very clear in his explanation of concepts, with the help of well-designed examples.
A super complete course, which takes you by the hand and gives you solid foundations. Now if I feel able to make a web page.
This is one of the best Courses I've ever completed. They really did a lot to make us understand. One of the finest courses.
I am working on my little video game on the "wechat" platform, Javascript is quite necessary. This lesson really helps a lot
This Course is very well made. Only thing which is annoying, to wait that long for others to submit their work to review it.
Very good course, I learned a lot about CSS and Javascript - it's enough for me to build on my own from here on out. Thanks!
Perfect Course for someone like me to start web development from scratch! Great videos! Thanks for carrying out this course.
Great course! I enjoyed it a lot and the content is extremely useful in bringing your HTML, CSS, and Javascript up to speed.
Very good courser. I am new to CSS, JavaScript. Learned a lot from the course. I liked the way instructor taught the course.
very good in teaching concepts along with the coding part.highly recommendable for beginners as well as intermediate peers.
I already Know these topic quite well but i learned Many things from this course. This is the best Course for intermediate.
this was a very good course learnt a lot without even knowing the basics but its old and needs to be updated at some parts.
Excellent content and very well taught by Prof.Yaakov. The pace of presentation and the video recordings are top notch too.
Great course with well structured content. Instructor explains everything to detail. Best HTML CSS JS course I'd recommend.
Simple, practical, and interactive approach. The faculty is an experienced instructor, making coding looks simple and easy.
It was an very insightful and fun course. Thank you for helping me learn HTML, CSS and JavaScript. I will never forget it.
Excellent course to learn the basics and a bit more for web development, it's a great starting point. Totally recommended.
Very helpful for beginners, I had no background in web development and now I have my our web page with my portfolio on it!
Nice course lots of web development concepts to learn. And also teacher for the course is explaining all things perfectly.
I THANKS TO COURSERA (JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY) FORPROVIDING SUCH A KNOWLEDGABLE AND FROM BASIC TO ADVANCE LEVEL CONTENT .
Excellent Course and the lectures were easy to understand. I recommend this course and value of money. Thankyou Professor.
Professor yakov taught very well this course. His lecturs are amazing :) i highly recommend this course for web designning
This is a very useful course. Despite the fact that covered a lot of topics, the teacher gave the most important knowledge
Fantastic introduction. More thorough than I expected, this is a fine foundation class to enter front-end web development.
It was an amazing experience learning from coursera.I came to know a about the sufficient knowledge regarding the course.
I really enjoyed this course and the way it was taught, specially the third module which I found most interesting of all.
Great Lecture ! Yaakov Chaikin is very pedagogical and we learn everything we need to start coding dynamical websites :-)
I don't think it could be better. Very demanding and interesting, you will certainly learn a lot if you take this course.
This course is awesome. Specially the instructor Yakoov chiakin. I started from scratch and now I know a lot about HTML.
Very good course on the basics of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript - and Bootstrap. Also, promotes the usage of Git and Github.
Excellent and the best course. Lectures are very clear and neat. Additionally the samples websites info was very useful.
Great informative course. Goes into enough details to understand the concepts and background of the code and structures.
Very Good Course.A real world example site to work on made it much easier to understand and put the coding into context.
good work, even when my native language is spanish, this course was easy to follow and i learn a lot. totally five star.
Thank you Yaakov, I thought the course was very well done. You provided a lot of content packed into a few week course!
One of the best course on this topic, and the style of teaching of instructor is just fabulous, anyone will love it....
All the topics were taught perfectly by Yaakov , and I would definitely recommend my classmates to enrol in this course
One of the best courses I've taken. The quick transition from lecture to code demo makes the concept stick immediately.
That was a very good course. I really enjoyed it. The contents, explanations and assignments were very good and useful.
It is really a perfect course for a beginner and also for the experienced to learn the logic behind each topic. Thanks.
It is a awesome course and the teacher is very good, he really knows what he is doing and he knows how to teach a class
It is a great course, it helped me link all the things I learned from different sources and make something out of them!
Probably the best course I took on Coursera. Yaakov is an excellent instructor, explains everything in a lucid manner.
It is very good to learn html, css, and javasript with johns hopkins university .i am very glad to enroll this course.
This was the best course to learn html , css , bootstrap and javascript  ,I learned everything i need . Thanks a lot .
Very helpful course and also the tutor has excellent teaching ability. One of the best and the most well paced course.
A wonderful and organized course with real life website deployment experience. Enjoyed and learned at the same time !
An amazing course which provides insights to how a website is built!Great material and explanations!I'm really happy!
I think it's great! And first of all because of a good and clear explanation of the material. Thanks a lot to Yaakov!
Incredibly well explained, structured and taught with great supporting material and an all-around likable instructor.
This course is very well structured right from the beginning, it gives you a solid basis to build your knowledge upon
I really enjoy it !!! I recommended a lot this course for anyone who's looking to understand this three technologies.
Excellent course with a lot of useful examples that will help you to understand the concepts explained in the videos.
well, this is a pretty solid course.i would like to recommend it to everyone including absolute beginners.thank you.
Excellent course, I leaned a lot, the classes were very dynamic. Yaakov is a great tutor, I liked his classes a lot.
This course is very interesting as web development and Instructor is very Good and having good practical experience.
I like this course. I highly recommend this course who wants to learn about HTML,CSS,JS for we developers! Good Luck
The teacher is awesome: he explains coding in an extremely clear way with such useful examples. Totally recommended!
Fantastic course with fantastic teaching by Yaakov sir.Thanks a lot Yaakov sir for giving such wonderful teaching...
Very detailed and comprehensive course!Have learned a lot not only firm knowledge but also practical implementation.
wonderful course....this is the first time I think I wold be able to complete a course....keep up the good work sir.
Five stars for that course and special thanks to mr. Chaikin for his skill to tell complex things with simple words.
The course was pretty good. But when I reached the module for JavaScript, Ajax and JSON , I felt a little confused.
Felt like a very comfortable journey, for learning web development, looking forward to more courses of such kind...
coursera helped me a lot in learning  new and very professional knowledge .it made my learning very easy and quick.
Excellent balance between important basic concepts, fun and enjoyable contents, and deep diving at valuable issues.
It's a wonderful and funny journey! Investing  2-3 hours everyday on this course, you will get pretty much changes.
Excellent training with good focus on responsive design and enthusiast trainer who likes to talk about his subject.
This is course is great for those who has a good basic knowledge of programming. A lot can be learnt in five weeks
This course is very best for those who are interested in Web-Development. So without wasting any time just Enroll.
It is a brilliant course. Very good for beginners or people who have limited knowledge of HTML CSS and JavaScript.
Very nice course, informative, advanced , project oriented, practical, real skill development. Thanks Yaakov Sir .
Amazing Course. I learned a lot. And Yakoov is an excellent teacher. This is for sure the best course in Coursera.
Very clearly presented and interesting to follow. For now you can also access all materials without paying. Great.
Yaakov is articulate, knowledgeable and entertaining. I am learning so much and it is only the first week. Thanks!
Amazing course really learned and got to know to code i really loved this course definitely needs a 5 star rating
The course is awesome! You can really learn a lot of thing about CSS and Javascript. It's fun and easy to follow.
It was a great course, the only thing that I thought could have been improved was using a more updated bootstrap.
Excellently taught course that teaches you many fundamentals about how the modern web works in a very short time.
It was a very nice experience and I learned alot , but the last part needs more time to explain it well.Thanks:).
This course was awesome and I learnt a lot from this ,this will surely help me to make a website for my projects.
Great course! Very well structured. Good videos. Great instructor! I learned a lot about web development. Thanks!
Fantastic course.  It was well done and I really enjoyed the instructor's creativity when conveying the material.
Loved the course! Thank you for sharing your knowledge and making this course interesting and easy to understand!
Brilliant course! Explains the basics of everything. Good enough to get you started in Front-end Web Development.
Good, fast introduction for people who know something about programming and want to learn about WEB programming.
VERY HELPFUL COURSETHOSE WHO ARE BEGINNING WITH WEB DEVELOPMENT WILL FIND THI COURSE VERY USEFUL AND INFORMATIVE
The course was extremely helpful, I have learned many HTML, CSS and JavaScript skills and I enjoyed it so much !
A very simple medium-paced course that goes for zero to a pretty good level of understanding of web development.
finally course which explain step by step what is what, why and what for it standing for. best course i enrolled
Very easy to understand and follow. The instructor teaches fundamental concepts with examples and subtle humour.
Very wonderful course that is very easy and focus on the students. You will get awesome skills and a lot of fun.
Excellent intro to HTML, CSS and JS. It covered a lot of ground and gave me a basis for continued study. Thanks!
I know you don't know me at all.But you have to trust me on this one: The prof is amazing and course is awesome!
Awesome course!!!  Very informative.  I have gone through other similar courses and this is by far the best one.
Great introductory course for anyone interested in brushing up on their skills or starting out with web design.
i really liked it because in short time period i learned more than expected and presentation is also very good.
It was my first ever course on Coursera! I can say that I finally learned some new skills, thank you very much!
I have learned so much in two weeks.. The course is very engaging and fluid.Thanks for putting this up together
Honestly this course is very interesting. I like this course very much also the teacher is teaching very good.
Thank you so much, sir, for providing such a wonderful course I got all the concepts very clear, Happy coding.
The best course with the best instructor .Learned a lot ,great for starting to learn about website development
Great course! Covers the fundamentals! It's well structured and you learn with a real-world coding assignment!
This is a great course to take. The content is easy to digest, and the professor is entertaining to listen to.
Awesome course!JS is a bit tough for newbies but after reading JS documentation for couple of hours it's fine.
The content of the course is really great and helpful but I hope I can have more practice through this course.
easy to understand material covering almost every basic things you need to know about html, css and javascript
Absolutely one of the best course I have attended. The teacher (Yaakov) is very competent as well as friendly.
Appreciate this course!!!! I have been given a foundation and will continue to build upon my understanding. :)
Very informative course. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to get into web development to start here.
Thank you professor Yaakov Chaikin, thank you Coursera and Johns Hopkins University for offering this course.
Very well explained in a step by step approach + tips on where to find relevant extra sources of information.
A great course. Very useful and interesting lessons, all of them teached by a great teacher. Congratulations!
Much fun to sharpen  your skills. So far i have learned a lot from this course. Highly recommended to others.
It was really great course and helpful.It helped me to gain lot of ideas and knowledge regarding the course.
it is a very good course! all videos are understandable! thanks to Yaakov Chaikin, his videos are very funny
As an ASP.NET core developer this course has helped me clarify many aspects of HTML and CSS  and Javascript.
A very decent course to acquire a working knowledge of HTML, CSS and, to a lesser extent, Javascript basics.
A great course. It is not difficult to learn and is very useful. as a lecturer has a great sense of humor :)
This is by far the best course I ever took. I learned in two weeks more than I would in a four month course.
I would like to thank prof. Yaakov Chaikin and JHU team for clear and well-prepared lectures in this course.
Thank you very much!I've learnt deep concepts which will help me a lot to build my own interactive website.
I like the way the professor teaching us. The speech is really clear and learns the knowledge step by step.
I learn so many new technique and concepts from this course.Thank you coursera for such a fantastic course.
Very clear, detailed, and systematic teaching. I learned a lot from Yaakov. Strongly recommend this course.
Good content, Good approach, good pace.  I didn't even realize it, but suddenly I knew HTML and CSS basics.
A good course for beginners. Will get an exact idea of the front end. Would recommend to all the beginners
A great introduction to HTML, CSS and Javascript. Highly recommended beacuse of its deep about the topics.
Awesome course.  Instructor is very informative and sets a good pace.  Recommended this to my entire team.
Amazing! I was a desktop developer. At the end of this course, I´m sure that I wil became a web developer.
Great course! Very well organized. Lots of useful information. Gives you a peek at real world application.
Excellent course! Lots of well explained material, engaging quizzes and assignments and even a field trip!
Material was presented very thoroughly and the staff was quick to respond to any issues. Very good course!
It's Great cours , we have learned a lot of things , which we can use it in our carrier on web devlopment
Such a great experience with john Hopkins university and I have learned many things about Html,Css and JS
Awesome course! very informative, good pace. I wish I can get similar courses for other web technologies!
Great information. Wish it would teach more individual css instead of base on bootstrap but very helpful.
Very good course :D Easy to learn from the teacher Mr. Yaakov- and good coverage of material with videos.
Excellent course. It is challenging, but you will learn much. No previous programing experience required.
Excellent course and the presentation for the information was presented in a clear and progressive manor.
The course is easy to follow and presents a lot of useful information. The instructor is very good at it.
its such an amazing course , related to web development.if you are a beginner then you should go for it.
It was a great experience throughout the course. Learned technologies that are used for web development.
The course is well structured and provides ample links to helpful links where one can go to dive deeper.
Truly a great course to learn and also refreshen your knowledge in HTML, CSS and Javascript for web dev.
I bit too general but really great  reinforce fundamental concepts for those who already knows about it.
Interesting how we go through the course building an actual website! Learn by doing is the way to do it.
This was the best web development course I have come across on the Web. Yaakov is very knowledgeable. He
Content builds up very nicely. I'm very confident now for creating a website which has the layout I want
Very professional, deep and comprehensive course for beginner web developers. Very pleased, I recommend!
Arguably one of the best courses online for web design and JavaScript! Highly recommended for beginners.
Really enjoyed course and lecturer's style, but had an inexplicable craving for Chinese food throughout.
Every lecture had a very detailed explanation and the assignments were well guided! Highly recommended!
Except for the last module, it was easy to keep up with and learn a lot, especially through assignments
Able to develop websites easily using this course, detail explanation by yakaoo with real time examples
Great Course! Though the javascript part was not that comprehensive. Great teacher! I've learned a lot!
Extensive introduction and dig into HTML, CSS and Javascript concepts with a lot of practical examples.
This is the best course ever. I learned so much! Thanks to Johns Hopkins University and Yaakov Chalkin.
It is very concise straight to very important points which you could easily expand further by yourself.
Enjoyed the course very much! Hands on practice building a restaurant website alongside the professor!
This course is so beautiful structured anyone with the computer background can very easily understood.
Module 3 was the best! We got to go through the steps of building a real website for a REAL client :-)
Great instructor. Moves at a quick pace which encourages you to research on your own and learn better.
Thanks to this course I enrolled in a Master's degree and am now working as a developer! Thanks UMich!
Excellent broad exposure to many things which have changed significantly since I saw them in the past.
It's an amazing course. Thank you Professor Yaakov! I'm going to continue learning your angular course
Yaakov you rock! Love the course,  thanks you for all the efforts deployed to give it to us. Cheers!!!
Great cource! You will use most actual instruments to accomplish it. Good basis and pro tips included.
It really help me to understand the basic concepts of HTML and CSS. bootstrap project was also great.
It Will be the good platform for beginners to develop their skills .. Thank You Coursera...BY Devan G
A very good course, I learned a lot, I highly recommend it for beginners and also for advanced users.
Very good course, concise and efficient. learnt a lot from this course.I would recommend this course.
Enjoying the course, looking forward to take angular js course from the same author! Thanks Coursera.
Very good course! Step-by-step approach for developing a real website in bite-sized chunks was great.
i like this course. The syllabus coverage is good. i am eagerly waiting to enroll the  next course...
A really enthusiastic and a practical course. The presenter does a good job in presenting the course.
Very brief and clear course structure and the assignment do test my understanding on the course well.
Course is actually nice for beginners. Plus got to learn many things in Twitter Bootstrap Framework.
one of the best courses. The syllabus is perfect and coherent and the instructor is so professional.
It's really a good course! It was funny running the code and do  such a difficult things by easy way
Great course, Yaakov, thank you. Very easy implementation, explanations and a lot of fun. Good luck!
Great!!!! I love the course and I love how the instructor teaches. He is very clear and descriptive.
This course was very useful, there was something that I already knew, but some thing were new for me
Excelent course! The professor Yaakov is an awesome teacher! The content of the course is very good!
I am impressed and love the way this course is taught. Quick, entertaining, and engaging. Great job!
Great course with real project assignment.  Highly recommended for enhancing web development skill.
I enjoyed all the module's lecture. Last week lecture was a little fast but was an awesome journey.
It was a very interactive course, i have gained the skills which will surely help me in the future.
The course really helps to gain basic knowledge of web development using html5, css3 and javascript
Really enjoyed the whole course, specially the use of a real site to apply theory given beforehand.
great course for web development,thanks Coursera and University Johns Hopkins for this opportunity.
It is too good and in very easy manner. There is too much fun during coding.Thanks for this course.
This course by Coursera Web Dev is one of the best courses i have ever done for HTML5, CSS3 and JS.
It's very good and details course. This is the first tome I studied online and I really enjoy it :)
Pretty good course, teached me a lot of things I didn't quite get from this three skills at school.
Great course and great teacher, all my expectations were met and I had a lot of fun while learning!
This is a fantastic course if you need to take your front-end development skills to the next level.
the course is very good except the last week where the videos became a little long and complicated
this course is amazing many things i learned from thi course.special thanks to yaakov chaikin sir.
Thank you very much! My teachers for a whole year could not explain what you explained in 5 weeks!
One of the best course I have seen. Everything is very clear and to the point. Glad I choose this.
I have no developing background, but Yaakov is a very good teacher, and the topics are interesting
Nice course! Great teacher! All is explained and can be easy-set. Work with Git, Sublime and etc.!
a very interesting course for the people who aim to embark on the web develeppementThank you Yakov
Really worth to learn and take this course. Professor is so nice in teaching.Thank you coursera !!
Great Course! I learned a lot, specifically the JavaScript part in which I was really really weak.
good course for the beginners who want to learn the web development useful for thanks to coursera
Had a great experience of E-learning in this pandemic, HTML,CSS and JavaScript for Web Developers
The course is structured to meet the industry requirement. I had a very good learning experience.
It was a great course. This was a great beginning. There is too much to learn. This just started.
the detailing of each topic is extraordinary and makes a student comfortable to learn  the topic.
This course is awesome and I like to do related course. Thank you so much for giving this course.
This course is good for beginners . We get a logical understanding about html,css and javascript.
SuperVery easy to studyGood quality videosespecially the tool for increasing the video play speed
Very helpful for beginners.Instructor teaches every details you need to start as a web developer.
Excellent course! Learnt a lot when I actually got to see a website being developed from scratch!
Very well done. Yaakov explains the concepts well and demonstrates everything with good examples.
This is a amazing course, our instructor really makes the things clear.It was a nice experience.
Really  helpful and excellent  course.Thank you so much for providing  this course  very nicely.
I Learnt a lot from this Course..Thank you for organizing such a amazing course for all of us..!
Very good course, Great explanation relating live examples. Learnt new things during this course
Great Course for beginning with Web Development.  Takes you deep into the concepts in a fun way.
Mr Yaakov is great instructor, he thought very well & I am planning to take more of his courses.
Great course, well structured. Offers hands-on experience while building a real restaurant site.
This course is very informative. I like to watch videos even after the completion of the course.
A very good course. I am glad I took the time to complete it. A bit lacking in Javascript though
Nice introduction to web programming. Module4-easier version assignment is really too much easy.
Really informative and helpful in giving a good understanding to the basics in HTML, CSS and JS!
Great course, you really get to learn the true basics of CSS and web developing. Great job guys!
I learned so many things from this course i am glad today to be a part of such fabulous course.
best course to learn fundamentals and very interactive lessons and easy to understandable codes
Professor Chaikin is exceptional. I am really enjoying course. Def deserves a five star rating.
This is a great course. It helped me learn the basics of HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap and JavaScript.
Great experience leaning!! Definitely worth spending time on it. Really liked the assignments.
its  a very good course for beginners who interested in web development and really good course
An interesting, hands on course well worth your time, for those interested in web development.
The course was well designed and Yaakov taught the course well. Overall a very good experience
it's been greate... very well planned... instructor got an A+... very good materials an topics
I really like the course!Simple and easy to understand.Thank you very much for your hard work!
Great overview course! It provides a good starting point for you on front-end web development.
Very Powerful and specialized topic that takes you into the deep real world of Web Designing.
Great Course Mr.Yakkov Chaikin. Waiting for more courses from you. Loved your way of teaching
It was really beneficial to brush up HTML CSS JS basics and to gain valuable insights on Ajax
Very good course content and examples to build or re-affirm the concepts in HTML, CSS and JS.
The javascript course in this lecture is in-depth. It took me a lot of time to understand it.
The course is very comprehensive  and clearly explained. I was able to follow and learn well.
lucidly explained, and comprehensively completed all the essential parts in an academic style
Very Good Course! Yaakov is a great teacher - all is very interesting and easy to understand.
Very great course. The instructor has a wide kngoledge of the subject and explains very well.
Beautiful Course, Very well crafted both beginners and for people who need a refresher course
Great course!  Instructor does excellent job clearly explaining a number of important topics.
A great course for seasoned as well as a novice web developer with a interesting field trip.
Excellent course, It has been a great experience, very nice explained and organized content.
Excellent course! I really enjoyed it and learned a lot! Thank you very much teacher Yaakov!
The CSS part was very funny. I also liked the video about the communication with the client.
Great deep & wide view on topic of the course! The example site for Restaraunt is excellent!
Great insight into how everything works, what is important and how to code websites properly
Yaakov is an excellent teacher, I have no complains about this course. In fact, I loved it!
this course is really helpful ..main thing is that starts from basics to advanced thank you
BEST COURSE TO LEARN FROM BASIC .IT ALMOST COVER ALL THE TOPICS OF HTML CSS AND JAVASCRIPT.
Thanks to Yaakov, he put a lot of effort in this and everytingh it's really well explained!
One of the
best courses, Simplicity, directly to the point, professional tips i Liked it :)
Great, entertaining, and knowledgeable teacher and really cool website development content!
The course is very informative and you learn a lot of necessary things for web development.
Nicely organised course. It gives very comprehensive introduction of front end development.
Prof Yaakov really makes the class experience come to life & provides seamless instruction.
The content of the course is relative to its topics and very well designed and presented :)
Congratulations to Teacher Yaakov. When the teacher is very good, everything is very good.
This class is great but a little bit old. Need to update with new features, frameworks.etc
The course is excellent, it has a great approach. Congratulations to Coursera and  Yaakov!
An excellent course with best teaching. Cleared all my concepts regarding Web Development.
this course gave me a real world experience of how to develop a website.Excellent course!!
An excellent course; I highly recommend it.


Thank you to Professor Yaakov and his team!
Most meaningful and rewarding HTML related course I have taken by far. Thank you, Yaakov!
Very good course for learning the basics and implementing practically  to build a webpage
Thank you very much for this amazing course. It makes me more well versed in his business
Very good teacher, he knows the subject and how to transfer his knowledge to the student.
It is well designed course for those who are beginners and want to learn webdevelopment.
This courser will help me to improve to me and have abilty to build me to make a website
Awesome topics covered in this course and that too from an fabulous teacher like yakoov.
Its an fabulous course with an awesome instructor.... I just loved it and learned a lot.
Excellent course to start with HTML/CSS/JS. Many thank to Johns Hopkins University team!
Great course! I have really enjoyed the information is presented in a very detailed way.
Before this course I could write html, css, and js. Now I actually know what I am doing.
I am very appreciated for creating this course! It was very helpful and exciting for me!
Excellent Course! Start from basics and go in depth. Tons of great interactive examples!
Programming courses had never been that interactive. Absolutely in love with this course
Thank you so much Sir for such a great help and for your support , wonderful Course sir
It was fantastic! Thank you, Yaakov Chaikin, for your knowledges! You are great man!!!!
a very good course especially for the people who are looking how to build their website
Very good starting point for beginners. The course is well-prepared and well-presented.
Great course. It is beneficial even for a seasoned professional like me. Learned a lot.
Clear and focused on the fundamentals and, of course, very fun. Thank you Prof. Yaakov.
It's a great introdutory course. It explains very well why things are the way they are.
Great course! I have enjoyed every week. I will miss you Yaakov. Regards and good luck!
Amzing course got to learn a lot new things in html, javascript and css!! Thanks a lot
This course is so so helpful.I am very thankful,it has helped me learn a lot of thing.
Good platform for learning HTML,CSS and Java script deeply. thanks a lot yakuv sir ...
Thanks for your teaching and guidance. I hope I will meet to the tutor of this course.
This course is terrific for the beginners. I have leaned a lot about HTML, CSS and JS.
Very thorough, well-explained introductory class in the world of Frontend development.
Best course on coursera so far. Mr Yaakov Chaikin is best online teacher ever seen :))
It was a great experience for me to learn about new technologies. Thank you very much.
Prof. Chaikin is great and funny! Learned new things even as an experienced developer.
Great Course with lots of material to learn.Though many videos to  watch in each week.
That's the best course I've taken (and I've taken a few). Thank you Mr Yaakov Chaikin!
Really good course. Nicely structured, and shows clearly the main concepts. Thank you!
The course is very cool, everything is clear and nicely cool, I will advise everyone.
Amazing learning experience through this course I recommend you enroll in this course
it is very amazing course.i am very happy about this course.yakoov sir you are great.
Great course!!Got a very strong knowledge and confidence in Basics of Web Development
Detailed information regarding everything enhanced my interest to learn Web-Designing
Good in understanding the stuff. Good language skills and cool behaviour of teaching.
Probably one of the best courses on Coursera for anyone serious about web development
Amazing course. I love the teaching style and the information present in this course.
Very informative, very well structured, I liked very much. The teacher was excellent.
am really thankful to Coursera for teaching me this subject and its really helpful :)
This course is really well thought and organised. 
Thank you very much for the course
It was a good course and now i am able to build a website on my own. Thanks Coursera
A great course for beginners. Very well explained with a lot of hands-on activities.
amazing course but it was too difficult to understand dynamically and ajax lessons ,
Very clear instructions, the exercises were not trivial but not to difficult either.
This course is really up to mark, concepts are explained thoroughly. great job!!!!!!
Very beneficial course for me and many peoples who learned this course very well !!!
Exceptionally well paced. This truly makes web designing a whole lot easier and fun.
Wow. That's an excellent course. Building a real world website was very interesting.
Great course. Excellent lecturer. Very usefull, and also fun. Highly recommendation.
Fantastically well structured and with good explanations. Really like the structure.
Awesome! the way the course teaches and assignments are very impressive. I liked it.
The videos and classes are very understanding, helpful and dynamic. I like it a lot.
I like everything - the information, the tempo, the presentation quality. Thank you.
Excellent course. Very well constructed. A lot of thought and effort went into this.
This course is really awesome. Mainly focuses on fundamentals and goes very deeper.
this course helped me lot in learning front end web development skills.Thanks a lot
It was really very nice i got to learn new things every concept was well explained.
A very informative course. Well structured and it delivered more in just one month.
A very nice course for a beginner! Thank you Yakov! You are a great teacher indeed.
It was very helpful. I could learn the basic of coding from scratch in this course.
Great course. In-depth teaching in topics, especially HTML and CSS. I learnt a lot.
The course is very useful and is very funny as it keeps going. Totally recommended.
Excellent material, to the point. Looking forward to completing the current course.
Great Course and great learning experience. Would learn a lot if you actually care!
Very well structured and covers content from the root. Amazing professor. *Respect*
because I am remembering, which already use and understand how the best way to use.
this course has provided me with the necessary tools to do my job better. Thank you
This course is very thorough and well-paced for learning front-end web development.
Good one! Especially for understanding the basic building blocks of Web Technology
Very good course to understand basics of web development. interesting  instructor.
Excellent Course I learned much more through this course.. Thanks to team members.
Wonderful course. I have learned a lot. I will come back to review sometime later.
Perfect course with everything in it, instructor, course material...Thanks Yaakov!
Excellent course and instructor. The course was well-organized and well-delivered.
All I have to say is: Excellent course!!! I would highly recommend it to anyone :D
Excellent introductory course! Content well explained, good examples, good course.
Very interesting course, and information is easy to understand, yet really useful.
The Course is very nice and the Instructor gave the Good and Nice Information...!
Such a Wonderful course it directs you to the interest for full stack development
Excellent course for beginners. The last module requires a bit more focus though.
awesome feeling to complete this course.thanks so much, Johns Hopkins University.
fun course like it.and enjoy alot learn great skills with the help of this course
The course is well taught by Yaakov Chaikin sir. The concepts are well explained.
i recommend this course. Very good course to begin with html ,css and javascript.
This course would give you a much deeper understanding of the web basics concepts
Just best HTML/CSS course on Coursera! Though JS is a bit difficult for beginers.
Great Introduction .!! Great place to start web development it helped me so much.
That was a very good experience.Also, I've got to admit that teacher is the best!
Excellent course for web beginners. Would be better if more about Ajax is covered
Very good course for understanding HTML, CSS, JS.How we can add russian subtitles
it's very good for me to understand the principle of the HTML, CSS, Javascript...
Complex concepts explained in a simple and easy to understand. Simply incredible.
Very nice course I enjoyed it a lot, thank you for all the knowledge provided =)
Really good course. I have learned a lot i definitely  recommend you this course
This is a great course for web development and you will learn other skills  also
VERY NICE COURSE!!!!!!!!!......Detailed study material available in this course.
Thanks for the course, thanks for the coursera, it really helps me in the future
The course is very interactive. I will definitely recommend it to my colleagues!
Absolutely helpful and insightful class for the beginner in the web development.
the best tutorial i had even went through. Helped a lot in building my concepts.
Very nice introduction to HTML, CSS and Javascript. I feel like I learned a lot!
Changed to five star because it really was that good. Thank you for this course.
Very friendly and knowledgeable teacher. Great course. So many existing findings
Very nice course.It clears and makes your basic foundations really very strong.
A lot to learn in this course and the instructor made it very easy and amazing.
Excellent course! Mr. Yakov Chaikin is a great instructor. Many thanks to him!!
Great course!  I've learned a lot! Even I'm from China and my English is rusty.
It's a great course and I could learn a lot for starting to be a web developer.
Excellent .This is my first course in Coursera and I am liking it very much....
Great job! For a new course it is very well structured and presented. Thanks :)
Very clear, structured and interesting material. Easy to follow and understand.
A Nice Course and a good Faculty to share his knowledge with so much of ease..
Professor Yaakov is awoseme. This is a good and practical course. Thanks Prof.
Great course for a beginner like me.The concepts are essential for a beginner.
Excellent course and very clear instructor! I really enjoyed and recommend it.
It was really a great course. Thank you for making web development so easy....
Great Course, especially for the beginner can provide very detailed knowledge.
Exceptional course! Would recommend to anyone! Yaakov is a truly great teacher
very nice course ,easy explained but you have to give your best to study hard.
A very helpful course for who want to learn some basic web development skills.
Very efective introduction to the basic web tecnologies and a great teacher!!!
Its Very interesting . I am able to get almost every thing and able to use it.
Excellent course and delivery in easiest style of teaching and practice... :-)
Yaakov and the teaching staff answer everyone's questions with details! Great.
This course is really helpful for IT peoples. I learned alot from this course
A very well-explained course. Learned a lot and enjoyed the course structure.
it is wonderful course for those who want to learn web development in advance
After learning this course fundamentals of web developers goes to next level.
The course was great.It gave me a different perspective for seeing a website.
Class is very well done - great organization and great presentation.  Thanks!
I'm learning a lot with this course. Thank you, Coursera, for the iniciative!
Lessons are really easy to understand and the material is quite professional.
This is one of the most detailed online courses I have ever taken. Great job!
One of the best courses I had on Coursera. I would personally recommend this.
A really good course! My web development knowledge has increased my so much!
Very good experience by  this course for my web developing skills.Thank you.
Great course . Starters can Start here become an expert in Web Development .
this course really help me to understand the fundamentals of web development
A truly informative course for someone starting a web development career! :)
Best Course along with Best Teacher!Learned Basic skills for web development
Awesome course , really loved it , learnt a lot, can code my website now :)
it is a very fun course i enjoyed a lot learning new things in this course.
was a very nice course..i learnt a lot..thanks to Yaakoov sir and coursera.
Its very fantastic and helpful course for me .very usefull for me.Thank you
Good course. Explains the fundamentals well and goes into sufficient depth.
very nice way to explain each point in CSS and HTML in very simple language
Great course! The lectures are all very informative and easy to understand.
nice course. nice video. i am very happy to become the part of this course.
The course is very useful and comprehensive thank you for your great effort
Great course to start with the fundamentals and basics for web development.
Fantastic course. Yaakov is really good at what he does. Thank you so much!
Excellent class! Professor Yaakov explains very clearly.  Highly recommend!
It's a great  course. Thank you very much professor Yaakov, I learnt a lot!
Excellent course. The explanation are very accurate and easy to understand.
Great course, I've learned some tricks I didn't know, very well explained.
This course clear concept from basics.One of the best course for beginners
This is nice course. It gives you practical knowledge of website creation.
Amazing course I have learnt a lot from this courser . Its really helpful.
Very well done. It was so cool to work with a complete real-world example.
Awesome Lecturer and really helpful course for new Full- stack developers.
Great pace, great instructor, well-designed assignments. Excellent course.
very usefull course. I'm now able to create good website. Thanks a lot !!!
Very helpful course and with great and funny instructor.Thank you, Yaakov!
Great Course! Learnt a LOT which I never knew before... Thank you Yaakov!!
Really great course with detailed illustration and excellent organization!
Great Course! Very informative videos with great explanation and examples.
Great course with explanations which can be understood even by beginners!
It was really a great course. Efforts made by the teacher is appreciated.
Awesome course!!!! This course really helped me in enhancing my knowledge
Great Course and if you do the assignments properly you will learn a lot.
Very well structured course, gives a solid foundation to web development!
I'm learning a lot in this course! Thanks to Yaakov Chaikin and Coursera!
Good course to get some knowledge about the web technologies foundations.
This is a well thought out course and delivery by the lecturer is superb!
with the help of coursera learning is very heplful. Its good to learning
Every thing was well and good but the module 5 was alone a bit difficult
That was very well efficiently planned course for beginners in web dev!!
The content of this course is very good and this is the the best course.
I Love this course, Teacher is also cool and chilled to learn us.thanks.
Awesome class, very clear and systematic. Guide me into front web world.
Brillant ...ONe of the Best courses I have seen with real time scenarios
helpful!It's a good course and help you to have a habit of using github.
This is real HTML, CSS, and Javascript for Web Developers! Great course!
I am learning a lot of things.Thank you Professor and thank you Coursera
Great Course! enjoyed every video, clear explanation and good practice!
Very good guidance. Very good introductory course. Ecplained very well.
This course is awesome but ajax is not easy to get proper knowledge ...
great course!!!! learnt so much,actually considering this as my career.
This course was very good and informative. Thank You for creating this.
very good course to learn HTML and excellent understanding of JavaSript
Great course if you have little knowledge about the above technologies.
great overview course. Course assignment has just the right difficulty.
it is a great course and you will benifit from it 100% thanks mr yakoov
Great content and solid interpretation with specific real-life example.
Excellent material, very well explained. Useful and practical approach.
Explain every well. It will be great to have some programming exercise.
Nice course to get started with web development or refresh your memory.
It’s quite a comprehensive course especially for beginners. Thank you.
very good course which acts as a bridge between beginner and developer
thank u so much for this course, i learned it with great understanding
It is an amazing course, thanks to Cousera and thanks to Mr Y Chaikin.
Amazing course, helped me a lot to really understand HTML, CSS and JS.
Learned a lot about responsive css, overall a good course for overview
One of the best courses. Simple explanation with real world experience
Awesome Course !!! wish to have more web-development course on Cousera
Very simple introduction course for web development with great lecture
Excellent course and superb videos. Everything is explained very well.
great.... Probably speed should be reduced bit for non native speakers
A very good course which walks you through developing a real web site.
Great explainations from basics to more advanced knowledge. Nice work!
I learned a lot from this course. Truly Yaakov is a great instructor!
A very good course and delivered very nicely by the course instructor
It was a very nice course most of the basics were thoroughly covered.
Best course! Understandable and takes more topics than other courses.
A very good course anyone can take to learn html, css and javascript.
It was a great course which had good introduction to web development.
Great course! and very simple and in depth explanation of every step.
I loved the instructor and his way of teaching without getting bored.
Great curse! In-depth, well-thought and easy to understand and follow
Useful, very practical and helped me to refresh my frontend knowledge
Wonderful way of explanation and presentation. Easy to learn this way
nice. I have learned a lot. keep it up and do more courses like this.
A great class. Comprehensive and thorough with good guidance. Thanks!
An exceptionally comprehensive but concise course on Web Development.
Very well structured course! The best on front-end I've taken so far!
Very efficient presentation in extremely clear and unambiguous terms.
Very Nice Course and i am enjoy a lot , during this course.Thank you
I am so happy by completing this course. I really loved this course.
Awesome Course! Covers all the fundamental areas of web development!
It is a really good course, although some things are a bit outdated.
It was really an awesome experience. It made everything easy for me.
Awesome course   Thank you Yaakov, for share your knowledge with us.
Fantastic course. The instructor explained knowledge points clearly.
The course is very interesting and course material is served easily!
Great course that helps you understand all the basics that you need!
this course is amazing !!!it teaches you not just what but also why.
Challenging and intensive enough, no slacking during video lectures.
you will regret if you do't choose this course.Great Work sir :) (y)
Excellent Course....Learn't the bascis of web development real quick
Great course, help me a lot about the concepts about web-developing,
Very inspiring lectures and assignments.! Thanks instructor Yaakov!
One of the best courses I've ever had on coursera or anywhere else.
Well presented and good materials by the instructor Yaakov Chaikin.
nice..i learned many things..got to know many ideas about projects.
Amazing Teaching and Very useful for foundation of web development.
Excellent and just the right amount of challenge for a new learner.
I learned a lot of new information. Thank you for this informations
Fast and efficient.Will have you making websites by the third week.
the course was perfectly awesome and was passed all my expectations
So Awesome Course must take it you have interest in web development
everyone who opted for web developers should go through this course
Great course.  I learned a lot.  Very well organized and presented.
Really well organized. Supportive teacher and reasonable deadlines.
This tutorial site is the best side ever for the freshers students.
Just started Module 2, but already like it very much. Great course!
It is one of the best courses I ever took on Coursera. Great Work !
Nice format, excellent instructor, interesting tasks and exercises.
Great course for everyone who wants to start with web development.
Excellent Course. Great Teacher and teaching style. Learned a lot.
It's a good course for getting started on frontend web development
Great Course! Highly recommend it. Yaakov is an excellent teacher.
It's a complete course. Very useful and interesting. I'm satisfied
nice course with great  giving information for student. Thank you.
Great course with very useful information and brilliant instructor
Really well structured course with good pacing and great examples.
Awsome Loving it..Hope to brilliant websites after the tutorial...
Very good and useful course for beginners in front-end development
Very satisfied with lecture material. Great job!Thank you,  Yaakov
good course for getting started on the web development enviroment
the best course out there , loved the included restaurant project
To the point and clear for a beginners level on html, css, and JS
Great course for beginners in web development.  I really enjoyed.
A very useful and helpful course for beginners of Web Developers.
Nice course! Very well explained, tons of samples, great teacher!
One of the best MOOC's out there! So glad to have completed this.
It's an excellent course. Well crafted and well delivered course.
Amazing course! Lots of information, practical work and learning.
Great course! Yaakov is excellent teacher and quite entertaining.
Excellent instructor. He has made HTML5, CSS and JavaScript easy.
This course is great and shows a lot relevant details about HTML5
Thank you so much!! sir for best lecture videos and explanation.
A challenging course for those looking to learn web development.
One of the few courses which teaches you everything from scratch
a good course for beginners .....for a strong fundamental skills
One of the finest course on coursera. The instructor is awesome.
Very nice course! It provides a lot of info and good challenges!
Very good course. But quiz's create problems and waste the time.
Very effective method of teaching, high quality of  the contents
A clear and concise course - presented by an engaged instructor.
I really enjoyed and learnt a lot! Thanks for the opportunity :)
Great course for junior web developers to build their web world!
with this course i already feel like a developerMr Yaakin thanks
I really can't believe this is free to access... Awesome course.
Good Course. Helps solidify the knowledge on HTML and CSS mostly
It's a great course ! I have learned a lot ! Thank you guys ! :D
This was an amazing course, very comprehensive and informative!
The course is very helpful and I learned a lot of new things :)
This course is amazing, Yakoov is really a good teacher. Thanks
This was a great course.  It covered a lot of material quickly.
The real world example website is a great idea for this course.
Explanation is really good. Some more assignments were required
It is a very good course. It is loaded of many guided examples.
Great course!, great teacher!. My mind it's getting clearer now
Best course for the people who wants to learn web developement
Great course, at your own pace and with all the help possible.
A great course covering a wide array of concepts very lucidly!
Thank you so much Instructor. This course has been so helpful.
Great course to learn web development and clear your concepts.
I really enjoyed this course , great for beginers like myself.
Great course for getting started with html, css and Javascript
Great to get an insight into the 'why' as well as the 'how' !!
The best and most complete course I've ever found on internet.
Really a great course! Even beginners can learn a lot from it!
Explained in very simple way.Excellent course to proceed with.
Great course and very well explained, I've learned new things.
Good course, very well explained and the assignments are funny
The contents in this course are absolutely useful and concise!
very detailed. much better than the Hong Kong University's one
Well done and easy to follow. The instructor is very engaging.
Excelent course, well explained and detailed, I learned a lot
I have gain lot of things from this course.Thank you soo much
The course is very interesting, informative, and challenging.
Really loved this course. Yaakov, you are an amazing teacher!
It is very simply, interesting and fun. I like this course <3
Very useful and detail knowledge showing, learn a lot. thanks
Best online classes, Nice content.Fantastic way of conveying.
Clear and concise.  It makes front-end development look easy.
Excellent course.. I recommend this course to all newbies  ..
Simple and great course for all beginners in Web Development.
Good overview and gave me all the cards to do thing by myself
Great course, great explanation and very enthusiastic teacher
Very clear, useful information and resources from instructor.
An excellent course! those materials are exactly what I want.
An excellent teacher ! Lessons Step by step, all very clear!
Best course for beginners to learn basic web dev technology.
it is one of the best web development course  for beginner .
I think it is an extraordinary course. Very well structured.
One of the best course for learning HTML ,CSS and Javascript
Perfect introduction to HTML, CSS, and Javascript. Loved it!
It's Really A Cool And good Course... We Get To Learn A Lot!
All the topics are covered with apt description and detail!!
Wonderful course Yaakov has made everything clear and simple
Entertaining and educational. I have enjoyed this very much!
Helped me build the knowledge of Html,CSS and JavaScript. .
Good to learn the basics to get on the web developer train!
This course provides good Basic understanding for begginers
A perfect course for studying basic web programming skills.
I learn many a new things and want to learn in this manner.
Teaching skills and the way he planned to teach are elegant
Amazing course! 14 year-old child did it. Had a lot of fun.
From Shallow to Deep.A complete course for web development.
Finally it's simple to understand! Thank you for your work!
Excellent Course and Perfect Prof. Yookov Chaikin :) :like:
It is one of the best web development course for beginners
The course and content are phenomenal. Highly recommended!
It is a good teaching method for beginners to advanced....
I really enjoyed learn my new coding skills from this site
A course rich in knowledge, simplified and smooth teaching
Great course, very informing and covers most ground topics
Super... Biggest lesson was I learnt that I did not know!!
great course to get basic knowledge about web development.
This course is nice for beginners, and experienced peoples
Really good, teach me the basic skills of web development.
it's a good course to learn basic HTML, CSS and Javascript
Tutorial is very good.Explanation are really easy to grasp
Awesome! Yaakov is very entertaining, but still educating.
Awesome course! Great learning opportunity with Hands-on!!
One of the best course to get started with web developing
very skilled course for the HTML,css,javascripts learners
It was a great course.Everything was explained very well.
Very nice course for learning Web Development.Great Work!
Sir Yakoov, your the best. Thanks for the amazing course.
This Course is Excellent and the Professor is super cool.
Great Course, gave me a new direction. Thank You So much.
BEST COURSE ON FRONT END DEVELOPMENT ON THE INTERNET!!!!!
Good place to learn more about real time web development.
Awesome!The best MOOC I have ever taken so far!Thank You!
The Accurate Compressed Knowledge About Web Development!!
This course is very good from this I learn lost of thinks
Excellent course with information that is very practical.
Congratulations, Yaakov and JHU team! Amazing course!  =]
Great Course, Step by step, clear, usable.Thanks a lot !!
Great course! Videos were extremely thorough and helpful.
Very Nice Course . From Rookie To Pro in Web Developing.
Awesome Course for Web developer! Big thanks to Yaakov..
The course is having in-depth knowledge for the begineer
it was an good experience to learn new in this free time
Very good course . I recommend it for all new beginners.
Best course for beginner provide basic to top knowledge.
It was A great course, learned a lot from the instructor
Amazing course Thank you very muchI really learned a lot
I love this course. Great for web development beginners.
The course was amazing! Definitely would recommend 10/10
Very helpful and easy to understand. Highly recommended!
Amazing course! I learned SO much! Thank you Yaachov! :)
Loved the way this guided me and the examples on the way
Greate tutorial and very easy to understand...inevitable
Very Good course. Loved the way lectures were delivered.
Pretty good for the beginners.Yakov is really good tutor
best course about html, css, and javascript in Coursera.
Really interesting course. I have learned alot from it.
A really great course to learn HTML, CSS and Javascript
this is a very good university for learning this course
Great course with a lot of knowledge about the subject.
Very helpful and nice course from coursera learn a lot.
I learnt so much from this course.Thank you yaakov sir.
This course had been very interesting for any beginner.
it's perfect ,the lessons and examples is intelligible.
Great course  for  beginners !!! Really learned a lot !
This is very helpful for learners. I'm learning a lot !
A great course for those who want to be web developers
Excellent teaching and nice quizes and videos to learn
This is the best course for Foundation! Great Teacher.
Excellent Sessions and Contents to Make Concepts Clear
It was really helpful to see things work in practical.
Nice Course to develop skills under HTML, CSS and JS..
This is perfect for web developers as a stepping stone
This Course i really very helpful for Web Development.
its a great opportunity to learn to develop a website!
This is the best online course for website development
Easy to follow; very useful explanation.Good job!Mauro
Excellent and precise content and awesome assignments.
Good starter course, for beginners or young developers
Love the instruction and the projects are very useful.
One of the best programming courses I took in my life!
Love the professor and how detailed/informative he is.
Very good,  practical and complete course.  Thank you.
Great course. I am learning a lot so far, onto Week 2!
The  best course I have ever enrolled . Thanks Yaakov!
Just Amazing, I have learned so much from this course.
One of the best classes I've had the pleasure to have.
One of the best courses I've ever taken! Just amazing!
One of my favourite and challenging course I've done!
one of the most helpful courses i have ever  taken !!
I love how he makes it easy to understand ! Love It!!
Excellent course, great for learning Web Development!
VERY WELL TEACHING.WANT TO GO MORE DEEP IN JAVASCRIPT
Teaching skills is good and assignments are also good
Nice course.It covers all aspects of web development.
A great course to improve your Web development skills
The Course is really great for all kinds of students.
great course really enjoyed working on weekly modules
Good introductory class for modern HTML, JS, and CSS.
Makes learning to code so simple to absorb - fun too!
Writing html, css and javascript made very accessible
Very well structured and presented. Great instructor.
It's the best course and the best teacher I ever had!
concise and clear, the right way to learn.
Thank you.
This course is just great, especially for beginners!
Amazing course and a very good course for beginners!
The course teacher and course were both fantastic :)
Great course for beginners in web development field.
Thank you very much to teach me these skills I need.
A very good course in Coursera .Thank you, Coursera.
Really Love It ! Wonderful course on Web Development
The teacher is very good at teaching and explaining!
good course to learn things related to web designing
It was great learning the course . Thanks a lot ! :)
The best programming course that I have ever learned
Think you Yaakov Chaiki !!!, it' a very nice course.
I personally felt this course being very interactive
Thank you for the amazing and very useful course! :)
Great Course! Yaakov Chaikin tells very interesting.
Excellent course! Very well structured and explained
Great course! Perfect amount of content. Loved it...
I totally learned web development !!!Great Lecturer.
Very good course for learning HTML, CSS ,JavaScript
Excellent Course!!! Thank you so much, Professor!!!
Best material and instructor, learned alot thankyou
Great course with a different angle on some topics.
thid is the best course for beginner as well as pro
Amazing instructor, amazing course. Glad I took it.
Thank You for the course, it was amazing experience
Very helpfull course for web developpment biginners
thank you for a proper guideline as a web developer
It`s really helpful for understand web development.
i learn most of thing that i ever before don't know
I benefited very much from this course .. Thank you
This is a great course and I thoroughly enjoyed it!
Excellent course to learn web development..........
I LEARNT A LOT IN A VERY SHORT PERIOD. THANKS A LOT
Absolutely LOVED the course. perfect for beginners
Nice course. I like it i learn so many new things.
Good Course For learning What they have mentioned!
My first course on Coursera and totally satisfied.
Thank so much Doctor Yakov for this amazing course
Very valuable content and explanation is very easy
SPA using JQuery, etc. Basic introduction to "HCJ"
It's precise and easy to understand. Just love it!
Learned quite a bit while teaching myself extras.
good course to learn the beginner to intermediate
Great content, I learned many things in Js & CSS.
The teaching methodology is awesome ...Loved it !
nice lecture and thanks to my mentor and Coursera
The best certificate course for Web Development !
Loved every minute of this course. Great teacher!
Nice foundational course with hands on experience
VERY EASY TO UNDERSTAND COURSE.MUST FOR BEGINNERS
Great instructor, great course. I learned a lot !
i'm done  with the first module,so far so good...
Very effective. Helps in learning extremely well.
The best overview I've ever seen on these topics!
Its a great course for learning the basics......
we enjoyed a lot and we learned to thanks, man!!
Great Course for beginners. Instructor is great.
Very good course for beginner in web development
Took a while to understand the concepts of AJAX,
Great course to get started with Web Developing.
very nice lecteures i learn a lot thnks coursera
Loved it. The teaching style and topics covered.
The best course I met ever with a great  teacher
Eye opener... made me work harder. Great course.
Awesome course, it´s worth the time. Congrats!!!
Very clear explainations. A good quality course!
Nice! I hope I can learn a lot form this course!
this was really an excellent opportunity for me
nice course.helped me with html and css basics.
One of the best online classes I've ever taken!
This course is really beneficial for begineers.
this is literary the best course,so interactive
yakoov chaikin is the best teacher in the world
This Is a Good Course To Start Web Development.
This course is very helpful for beginners.!!!!!
it was a very interesting and learnable course.
great course. it just hurts when he eats alone.
Great course really helpful and amazing lecture
Good course for starting front end development.
One of the best course to start for web design.
mashallah excellence explanation by the teacher
Thank you Yaakov. Learnt a lot from this course
Really great course and excellent instructor!!!
Awesome course. Learned a lot about JavaScript.
I was joined this course ,  thank you so much !
Enjoying this course and hoping to keep going!!
very good course， really learnt a lot!  Thanks!
Excellent course and material. Good instructor.
Excellent course..  very practical and didactic
easy to understand and the teacher is very cute
Great Course! very practical and well designed.
great course for beginners. Highly recommended.
Excelent Course, but some things are outdated.
really great teacher and course.learn a lot of
Its nice course.Understand easily every point.
Great Course and Teacher, thank ypu very much!
great course for beginners for web development
Awesome course, the instructor did a great job
Good Course and Prof. Yaakov is really great!!
Got to learn and experience a lot. Loved it !
Very nice course for learning web development
It's very useful and better in understanding.
Excellent course. Mr Yaakov Chaikinis amazing
Great course with a great teacher ! Thank You
One of the most powerful courses in Coursera!
Very good course content.thank you yakov sir.
Great Course! Thanks Yaakov! Thanks Coursera!
It's a great course to learn web development.
JavaScript part especially worthy to look at.
Fresh and with basic concepts well explained!
The best course for learning web development.
excellent course highly useful for beginners.
The explanation was clear and understandable
Excellent and involved course for beginners.
Best experience with this course and faculty
A very excellent  and well-explained course.
Amazing course!! Got to learn amazing things
Great Course !! Learn Lot from this course..
Very good teaching.Thanks you very much sir.
I'm not best at this but I'm loving it guys!
One of the best courses for web development.
Really great course. Learned a lot, thanks !
great course, accurate and good explanation.
Thank You So Much For this wonderful Course
Such amazing course with amazing instructor
What an amazing course! I really love it ^^
Outdated! But very cool. Still learn a lot.
A very good way to learn online. Keep it up
super great experience ,very helpful course
very high level recommended to the course !
Thank you, I enjoyed learning about AJAX :)
love it that's what i'm just looking up for
So well explained. Everything to the point.
It is a nice course, i leant a lot from it.
Great course, learned a lot of new concepts
Really fun journey through web development.
One of the best courses for web developers!
A very fun, practical, and engaging course!
Best course of Front-end i have ever seen!
Best course to begin with web development.
Excellent course to learn Web Development.
need to be more in dept in section 4 and 5
Very good course, glad to be a part of it.
great of learning a lot i just a few weeks
this is an interesting class, and awesome.
Best Instructor ever and a thorough course
Most Effective Course.... Thanks a lot....
Great course, very detailed but also clear
Excellent course from real web programmer!
I already suggested this to my friends. :)
this course is awesome just for begginers
IT IS VERY USEFUL AND INTERERSTING COURSE
Thanks , that course is really enjoyable.
It's just awsome, A clear-cut explanition
Excellent Course.....I loved it very much
i learnt so much by enrolling in coursera
Great Course.Good for learning basics.:-)
Helpful course to learn  Web Development!
Great course. Learned and enjoyed alottt.
really good, best course ive ever been at
Excellent Working And Good Study Material
very good course for the web technologies
good course for learning web applications
The way you taught this course is awesome
Great Course! Thank you Professor Yaakov!
very good course to follow as a beginner.
Incorporates responsive design very well.
Very detailed explaination! Great course!
A little bit complicated but still great!
Excellent classes! I really recommend it!
Great Introduction to HTML&CSS Javascript
Awesome course, by an awesome instructor.
Exceptional teaching by professor Yaakov!
very useful, just what i needed fro work!
Good course. The assignment is very good.
Very interesting and very well presented!
Awesome Course and Awesome Instructor !!!
I Learned about html,CSS and JAVA Script
A great course to start web development.
Very good course with project knowledge.
The course is very useful for beginners.
Very interesting and resourceful course.
great course and helped to learned a lot
Excellent course, well presented content
This course is amazing. It help me alot.
i am loving it . very practical course .
Good starter course for web development.
I am learning a lot . Thanks to you all.
its really an amazing course!!! loved it
Excellent course and pretty intense too!
Best course for html,css and javascript.
Great explanation ! I love this course !
Great course! Gives practical knowledge.
Great online lesson.I do really love it.
perfect coursera!!!learn  a lot form it.
Awesome experience learning this course.
Till date the best course I have learned
Learning a lot, very fast. Thanks Yakov!
Very good course, and amazing teacher :D
For Beginner, This course is incredible
i love the tutor,mr yakov u r fantastic
the course it prety good, and helpfull.
Best course for learning all the stuff.
It was a nice course.I really liked it.
Really good explinations, and well done
Amazing course by awesome instructor...
Nicely explained,detailed explanations.
Great content and excellent instructor.
Very Interesting and enjoyable. Love it
Great course!! I highly recommend it :)
Very nice and comprehensive, thank you!
Awesome Mentor and comprehensive course
Extremely useful . I will complete it .
Great course, it cover a lot of point .
Enjoying the learning experience so far
This course is awesome!100% recomended.
This is the best course for beginners.
Very helpfull. Will get full concept .
Great course for front end development
Best online course on Web Development.
GREAT COURSE . WITH REAL TIME WEBSITE.
THE BEST ONLINE COURSE I HAVE EVER HAD
perfect place to learn web development
Very informative Course for  beginners
He explains very very well..Excellentt
good understanding about web develment
Great course to start web development!
Great! Very useful for me as a newbie!
Very Useful Course for beginner.Great!
The best course for beginner developer
great course with enjoyable assigments
Excellent introduction for this topic!
i liked th course , easy to understand
Great Course, and well taught as well!
Best Course for Learning HTML and CSS
The perfect course for the beginners.
This course was brilliant!Thank you !
nice and very effective for beginners
its amazing course and very helpfull.
I have enjoyed learning this courser.
m very happy to learn these languages
meaning full course with good content
If I can give than 5 stars I will do.
Awesome course!! I really enjoyed it!
Fantastic content and well delivered.
spectecular. very special instructor.
This is the best course for beginners
It's easy to learn with good example!
Sir is fabulous .....................
This course is so enjoyable.Amazing!!
Great instructor. Very knowledgeable.
Very good!!!!Especially to new-entry.
i love it, thanks for the great work,
The Best Course For beginners.Thanks.
Nice Teacher! He's explain very well.
I loved the experience in this course
Excellent course. Highly recommended.
Thank you very much, it was amazing!
A great course. Thank for the course
Great course! Many thanks to Yaakov!
Great content with great assignment.
Thank you so much. Very good course.
An awesome course for the beginners!
Excelent overview of html css and js
Great course! I learn a lot. Thanks!
The course is going on well and good
fantastic experience with the course
Nice explanation each and every step
Fabulous course, amazing instructor.
Good Course, I liked the delivery!!!
Thank you Yaakov and J.H university!
very good course very well explained
really good course . very detailed .
If possible, I would give 6 stars :P
Great!! I haven't any other words! )
Very Nice Course!! Really Helpful.!!
Excellent course! Thank you, Yaakov!
A Truly great course for beginners.
Amazing course for fresher students
it is a great course with mr yaakov
This was a Really Great Experience.
Very good course and good learning.
I learned much more in this course.
The lecture was so good and perfect
It was Excepional! and still it is!
Great work sir!! I really loved it.
Great course, taught me many things
Great course, thoroughly enjoyed it
Really deserve 5 stars. YC rocks!!!
I learn a lot of things.Thanks Sir.
A really good course for beginners.
i am really thankful for everything
Very good course, 100% recommended.
This course is so nice and useful .
Excellent presentation of material!
Very comprehensive course.Thank you
great teacher with great knowledge
great course to begin a new domain
Best course for web development...
Really nice and informative course
Best Course I ever had. Thank you!
I certainly learned a lot of stuff
Very good course for beginners!!!!
It Is nIce course and I loved It!!
Well-Explained & Efficient Course.
This was really helpful.Thank you.
It was really very good experience
Best Course by Yaakov Chaikin sir.
Really a good and effective course
Very informative and entertaining!
Very good course.It's very usefull
i learn lot of thing from coursera
one of the best html/css/js course
Really good course for all people!
really awesome course for beginner
Great course, thanks a lot for it!
cool! so nice ,i like this course!
Its really great and easy to learn
One of the best course in Coursera
Very good course! Well structured!
amazing course and a good teacher
simplea and easy to understanding
good explanation and presentation
Very good and interesting course.
it was an exteremy great course!!
A really great course! Thank you!
This was really a nice experience
A really beginner-friendly course
Yakov is an excellent instructor!
This course is extremely helpful.
great content, excellent teacher!
Very well designed and elaborated
Best Programming Lecture EVER!!!!
Awesome... Excellent...Join Today
great course. learn a lot. thanks
Great course ! Highly recommend .
Great course! I enjoyed it a lot!
Great course! Highly recommended.
Great course and great professor.
It's amazing course for beginners
it is a very good course indeed!
Nice course ,Had fun in learning
I enjoyed the course; Thank you!
The course gave me a new skill !
had a great time while learning.
OVERALL THE COURSE WAS EXCELLENT
Very Amazing Course Learnt a lot
Awesome course for the beginners
Excellent course for beginners !
Great course! Best teacher ever!
Excellent course !  Thanks a lot
The Best Course there is on Web!
Great stuff! Highly recommended.
Course which learnt in best way!
GREAT COURSE.......Learning alot
Great course, very instructional
Best CSS Tutorial on the Net!!!!
Very well presented and detailed
it is a greate course of web dev
Really good course and material
Most Amazing course of my life.
Great Course ! Happy Learning !
its a great course for beginers
its was such awesome experience
Thanks for this GREAT COURSE!!!
its a very good course to learn
Tremendous course for learning.
Excellent course to start with.
Perfect course for beginners!!!
Very well organized and taught!
Its a Great course......Take it
Very informative. helped a lot.
great material and methodology.
Compliment very good course!!!!
Great course. Thank you so much
Very good teacher, recommended!
easy,fun and very useful course
Very much knowledgeable course.
Explains clearly. Nice teacher.
Yes. Five stars! Awesome course
Very nice & detailed course! :)
Detailed and easy to understand
The best course in coursera!!!!
Good course for all developers.
Thank you for this free course.
Learned a lot from this course
Good course, great instructor.
well its a nice course overall
This course should be updated.
Grate and simple way to learn.
I learn a lot with this course
very useful and perfect course
course is good enough to learn
Amazing course by instructure.
nice course it helped me alot.
Good! Course of Web Developers
Very Good course for starters.
Wonderful course for beginners
Very good course. Learn a lot!
great course for free! Thanks!
best course for web developers
Very good course! I recommend!
Very clear and well organized!
Stunningly effective training.
Great course with fun learning
Amazing Course! Learned a lot.
Best course, best instructor !
Very vast course, nicely done.
My first web developing class.
Great course. I learned a lot.
Very, very interesting course.
Great intro to web development
well done!awesome!thank you :)
Nice and interesting course !
Great way to learn the basics
Professor explains perfectly!
Great course I had ever seen!
Brilliant course for starters
great course.short and crisp.
great experience#goodlearning
Great Course for Beginners!!!
very good and easy just here.
easy and wonderfull learnig..
i couldnotunderstand closures
This course is really awesome
Great course, very explained.
easy to understand and useful
Great Course For a Beginner !
My experience has been great.
Awesome course. Thanks Yakoov
The course was really good !!
Awesome course! Learnt a lot!
Excelent professor and course
This course is really great !
Great course! Great lecturer!
Awesome course! Thanks a lot!
Must go for it. Very helpful
Great course for a beginner!
collection of precious skill
A very good quality course !
Great course ever in my life
Interesting and cool course!
This course is Just Awesome.
Great course, well detailed!
I really enjoyed the course.
nice course and assingments.
Nice Teacher and Nice course
Very good teacher and course
Absolutely loved this course
wonderful course. Thank you.
its awesome to start with...
Very well organized lecture.
i love the course thankyou!
A great series of classes !
Fantastic work with Yaahov.
It's excellent. I loved it.
feels good when you got it.
i had an excellent teacher!
perfect course for begineer
This Course is just Awesome
Module 5 was not very clear
I hope lerned more with you
Intensive, but learnt a lot
Good to learn bottom to top
awesome course with example
Very useful and interesting
The best course on coursera
clear, fun, and practical !
very Good class.I loved it
thank you for this course.
Learned a lot . THANK YOU.
An advanced web dev course
Great Course for beginners
was a very good experience
Excellent!..great learning
Nice and fun to learn here
It was an excellent course
Great tutorial! Thank you!
Thank you for this course!
great course for beginners
Good Course for beginner !
it's a five star Course :)
Nice learning experience!
good course for beginners
Good teaching and content
Good teaching by Coursera
Amazing course. Loved it!
easy and understandable:D
the best class I have yet
Excellent way of teaching
enjoyed doing this course
Amazing Course..Thank you
Love this course to bits!
This course was very good
Excellent Teaching Style!
Very good course for web!
Nice course for beginners
Good teaching style...!!!
This Course is very good.
Well done and very useful
this tutorial is awesome.
Good teaching, easy task!
This course empowered me!
Salute to the instructor!
Wow! Awesome information!
thanks for financial aid
Great Course, Thank you!
best course for beginers
great course that i took
it's a nice way to learn
everything is so great!!
Its the wonderful course
Learn Easily..understand
This is The best course!
The course was s helpful
this is very good course
I really love this cours
Very enlightening course
Very clearly, thank you!
Very, very good course !
It is ok. It is super :)
Thanks, tatty! :) -Moshe
Very informative course!
Greate course! Thank You
interesting and useful !
Very thorough and clear.
Very good, great teacher
Great course! Thank you!
It's been great journey
a great course to learn
Great beginner's course
It was a great  course.
Learned a lot, thank Uh
Really a great course!!
This Course was awsome.
Great experience for me
Very Informative Course
Great course. Thanks !!
very good course forme.
Enjoyable and educating
Very clearly explained.
Nice way of teaching :D
the course is excellent
Excellent teaching !!!
Good and interesting!!
Great teaching method!
It was a Great Course!
Enjoyed the course....
Perfect teaching style
its good for beginners
Awesome course love it
it was a great course.
this course is so nice
it is very nice course
very good for learners
extra ordinary teacher
It's help for beginner
That is a Great Course
Nice work! I loved it!
A really great course!
Great course! Love it!
really good instructor
I am happy and thanks
Great. I learnt a lot
Really Great Course!!
i enjoyed this course
Great course to excel
Well organised course
Learning was awesome.
well explained course
Thanks    very useful
really good i Like it
It is good experience
So easy to understand
Very helpfull course.
Very helpful course !
Very funny teacher :)
Great course. Thanks.
Very cool course !!!!
EXCELLENT instructor.
A really nice course!
Great! keep teaching!
REALLY GREAT COURSE.
It's a great course.
Great Course indeed!
Really great course!
Very well teached :)
The course was good.
it was very helpful.
nice course to learn
Only a great course!
I like this courses.
best teacher ever :)
such A good lecture!
i learn greate thigs
It's absolute grate.
Very Helpful Course.
Thanks, great course
A very nice course!
its a great course.
Perfect. Thank you.
HTML,CSS,JAVASCRIPT
Excellent  teaching
Good course, thanks
It's very helpful..
great explanation..
everything is good!
i love this course!
A wonderful course.
good study material
Really good course.
A very nice course!
Very good course!!!
Completely perfect!
An awesome course!!
Great Explanation!!
very good lectures!
I liked the Course.
usefull information
Awesome experience
Vvery good course.
Good. Very Helpful
its awesome course
Really nice course
amazing cource,,,,
Best Prof ever !!!
thanks for teacher
amazing proffesor!
really awesome !!!
100% recommended.
Extremely Helpful
It was so helpful
I really enjoy it
wonderful course.
Very Great course
Than you Coursera
course is good !!
Good Explanations
Really amazing !!
Bravo and thanks!
Very Good Course.
Amazing course!!!
Best class ever!!
very good course!
Good Explanation
Perfect teacher!
Really educative
Good instructor!
very educational
Wonderful class!
Best free course
very interactive
simple to follow
really useful!!!
useful and clear
course was good
Its good course
really helpfull
good course!!!!
vary nice intro
Simply The Best
Great cours  :)
I was very nice
Awesome Course.
Great course!!!
It's very good!
Really nice...
a bit outdated
Really oswmmmm
Great Course!!
Good teaching.
Its a good job
Good Course !!
great course..
A great course
Grt instructor
Lovely course
awesome class
it was awsome
very useful..
Great Courses
Just perfect!
greate course
that was good
nice teacher
great stuff!
Really good.
mind blowing
It's awesome
Great Ideas
Thank you !
thanks alot
good cours
Thanks you
Just great
NICE WORK
Nice one!
Great !!!
Nice One
Great!
