Not great, very basic.  The times are greatly exaggerated (quizzes said they'd take 20 minutes to complete - most took no more than 5 minutes).  Not challenging at all.  The discussion forum is a ghost town, although the course just started weeks ago, there are posts that are YEARS old that no instructor has replied to.
Hello all. I'm glad I took this course successfully. However, I have some notes. As a 4th year medical student, I see that the information is superficial. I finished the course in around 3 weeks, so medical students wouldn't get so much benefit out of the course. I wanted to learn more details, specially in depth about each type of the 5 cancers from the basics to clinical. Secondly, there was no interaction between the students and the doctor supervising the course in the discussion blogs. Thirdly, I believe that the assessment was too easy. I suggest a 60% passing grade with a more challenging assessment. Finally, this is my personal opinion. I enjoyed the course and I would like to see more improvement in the future.
I don't think its for beginners. I didn't understand a lot of biological terms.
Iam unable to get my completion certificate
Good info but very boring professionals.
Too basic knowledge, not enough information about targeted therapy, everything is explained without going into any details
Informative but not very engaging. Videos were mainly slide after slide of text with the occasional graphic. Presenters sounded bored and read the slides almost verbatim, often going too fast. End-of-week quizzes were just compilations of the in-video quizzes. Also frequent errors and typos in quizzes.'Honors' liver cancer course was essentially identical to the liver cancer section in the main course.
This course was overall a nice overview of the material. I found the subject matter interesting and I liked the mix of subjects from biology to clinical methods. I am mainly interested in the biology of cancer, but I found it quite nice to also learn a bit about treatments and imaging. The reason I am only giving it three stars is because I wished that their were some written study materials or some recommendations on further reading or activities to help re-inforce the material in the lectures. The lectures sometimes felt a bit rushed, particularly the ones with a lot of new terminology and it was difficult to feel like I was retaining the information.
The content is uneven. Lecturers are generally good, but they speak to the limited collection of static slides and often just read slide contents. Given that slide graphics is repetetive (there are probably 10 images overall that are reused over and over), a lot is left to the imagination. Overall amount of content is quite low for 6 week course. E.g. one of the weeks only has 15minutes of video and a 10-question quiz. Quizzes and in-video questions seem like they were prepared by different people altogether. There are spelling mistakes, there are terms used during quizzes which have not been used during the videos, some of the questions are just poorly worded or bad from grammar point of view. Generally they are useful nevertheless. If you don't set your expectations too high (this is no Andrew Ng's course by no means) and come with the desire to learn basics about biology of cancer, you will learn just that and upon completion will certainly know more than any non-medical person around you.
I found this course useful and appropriate in the material offered and the assessed questions as an introduction and an update in cancer biology for CPD purposes. It is rather disappointing that the final grade achieved is not printed on the certificate. For A$65 to join the course and not have the full information such as the hours involved and the final grade achieved makes it very disappointing not to reflect the effort I put in as well as tricky to include this course as part of a CPD program.
I wish that the classifications of the major cancer groups were more descriptive. concerning the treatment for different types of lung cancer for example.  Nothing is mentioned about childhood cancers or the area of lymphomas.  I realize that this is an overview of cancer but cancer cell biology and current treatment practices based on immunologic findings were not given the coverage they deserve.
The course has seemed very interesting. It is well structured in my opinion and I want to thank the laboratory collaborators for their dedication and commitment, but ... it is a shame that the questions I asked in the forum are lost in limbo (no one ever answered my requests): If you have No one will solve any doubt for you. Anyway, thanks for the opportunity.
Very inconsistent level of commitment. Some sections were very simple, then the fifth section was just a long list of drugs for different cancer types, without any explanation as to why they work for these different types. Not a rich learning experience.
Very good introduction. light-weight explanations.Better animations and videos could enhanced the learning process.questions are too easy.Needs more complex tasks to integrates the different sections together.
I think that the course itself is very interesting and useful, but unfortunately you have to purchase the course straight away to be able to do the tests.
Superficial information/knowledge and boring presentation.I think we should be able to do the graduate tests and purchase the course in the end of it.
Superb💯 first time idont know about cancer &its process but now it is really easy able....thanks for ur commitment tnks all professors 🥰😍
Very interesting content, some of the lectures good have made more effort in bringing across the content in a more exciting manner.
The course provides a good introduction to cancer and how it can be treated, very informative and easy to keep up with
Tough call on this. The course itself is excellent [5] but the "money grab, you must pay attitude" is horrible [0].
Hello, my finish the course and I do the honors extra questions but I didnt get my certifícate with honors
Videos could be better, too short and narrated robotically
There is a problem with receiving the honors certificate.
Nice introduction. Statistics could do with an update.
I would prefer to see the speaker during the lecture.
Too simple for that price. For very beginners.
excellent course for beginners and biologists.
it was a good experiment and I learn a lot
The lectures can be more interactive
realistic and advanced knowledge
good course. i enjoyed so much.
Neither best nor worst!
My personal interest in this subject is primarily the fact that my mum died of lung cancer two years ago after 4.5 years after diagnosis. She had received chemotherapy, radiation as well as alternative therapy. And I was very much involved in her decisions. Concerning the course, although the content was really good, I need to make some comments in order to improve the course. Except from the first doctor, all the other speakers spoke very very fast and it was difficult to follow as a non native speaker even though my English is very good. It would have been better to talk a little bit slower. Also, I would make the course a little bit longer, a few more steps in between the lessons, slower meaning more explaining. Also, I would have appreciated if the lecturers were speaking facing the screen a bit more, not just showing slides. I would have also given some case studies. The course lacked case studies. For example I would have given at the end a whole week of cases studies, ie 6 case studies of people who had cancer, what type of treatment they had, others that did not have treatment as well. I would also have a quiz on these. Furthermore, I would have given some examples of alternative therapies too as working as complementary for example to treatment of cancer. I would have also given some examples of incidence and treatment of cancer in a selected other countries. I would have made this topic for an extra week as well. I would definitely be interested in taking a more advanced course as well.
Nice introductory course. Maybe the weak part were the hallmarks in relation to
the cell-cycle. Cell-cycle
checkpoints can be found in S, G2 and M-phases. Upon checkpoint-dependent cell-cycle arrest,
cells do not exit the cell-cycle and, thus, they do not re-enter the cell-cycle
once checkpoints have been satisfied. That is, they stay within the cell-cycle.
Exit would entail senescence, which is theoretically irreversible (although it
can be overcome). Hence, after arrest, cells could not exit the cell-cycle (Cyclins and Cdks are
kept in check, for example, by p21 upon activation of the DNA-damage response
to double strand breaks [ATM/Chk2/p53/p21). Speaking of senescence, fates stemming from p53 activation can be apoptosis but also
senescence. Thus, avoiding cell-death is critical, but so is avoiding senescence
(p53/p21-dependent).  Finally, G0 is quiescence, not senescence.
Quiescence is a reversible withdrawal from the cell-cycle whilst senescence is
not. PD-L1/2 upregulation exhausts cytotoxic T-cells within the tumor
microenvironment by activating PD-1. Howbeit, the activation of CTLA4 also
inhibit T-cell function outside of the tumor microenvironment in a previous
stage. CTLA4 inhibitory antibodies are under intense research and such research
preceded that of PD-1
inhibitory antibodies. I feel CTLA4
should be mentioned.
The course is well organized and the very important points related to cancer have been covered briefly. It is surprising how the instructors organized the course to encompass all the relevant topics in a 6 week week module. What I think would be important updates are: 1. Better diagrams and cartoons, 2. Little bit more challenging quizzes (like the one I found after the "imaging in cancer" lesson, 3. Some reference to important journal articles during the course, which interested learners can consult, 4. At least another lesson on the hallmarks of cancer, 5. A separate module on the genetics of cancer, and 6. A bit vivid discussion on liver cancer (the "honors" module) . However, the course is great and I personally found it to be a very wonderful starting point to learn about the biology of cancer.
This course is very informative. However, I think the course contains too much contents which are not explained very specifically. I  think spending more time to elaborate certain topics would be helpful. Also, I think it is better for students to preview some knowledge related to cell biology, which could help to understand some concepts/mechanisms more easily.I am not a native English speaker so I am not quite sure whether people have to spend a lot of time memorizing all the terms. As least for me, to remember and recognize all of them is really difficult. Overall, this course is really helpful!
Well-structured course, Dr. Pienta and his fellow team-members are passionate in what they do, and that's evident during the course, but I can't help to think that they have barely scratched the surface here... The lectures are good, they provide a lot of information, but the quizzes offer no challenge whatsoever. That was somewhat disappointing, it felt like I was cheating. All in all, I don't regret buying and completing the course, but I really hope that Dr. Pienta's team will be back soon with a more challenging and advanced course.
This course was very informative and very educational. However, one thing that I think could change is how long the estimated course time is because it doesn't account for how long it will take for you to take notes. I also think that the videos could have been shorter as some of them were about 15 minutes long which isn't that bad but the time it takes to take notes makes the 15 minutes turn into 45 minutes each. But overall, the course was very informative and I would recommend it to all.
I'm so happy about taking up this course. I've always wanted to learn something new which is different from my current field of studies [commerce]. I got a clear glance of what cancer is and the different types of treatments available. I've also learnt many new topics and words that I had never come across. I would surely recommend this course if you are wanting to know about the cancer, it's treatments and a general base to strengthen your knowledge about cancer.
I'm going to have Neuro-Oncology clinical rotation; therefore, I took this course. Honestly, I had expected to learn more deeper knowledge from the course, then it even didn't cover CNS tumor :(. However, the lessons is really suitable for whom has a little information about cancer, it was my fault for not read the instruction before purchasing. Great teaching attitude, I may introduce this course to my colleges. Thank you.
I Higly recomend this course if you dont know mutch about cancer and you are interested iin learning about it, the information is prety simple (i am studing medicin so it may not be as simple for other people) but is very usfull and it gives an idea about the basics of cancer.Thanks for this course and sorry if my english is not perfect... i speek spanish
It was an amazing course as I was not only taught about introduction to cancer but also its biology,imaging and treatment techniques.I feel i have learnt how to go about the process of screening and diagnosis of cancer and that by avoiding few habits and by inculcating healthy living, WE all could be safe from cancer .
This course is really useful for undergraduate students aiming for basic understanding of cancer treatments. Explanations and course material is well structured. For students with prior background in Biology will find initial lessons familiar but later pharmacological and imaging modules are quite informative.
This was an interesting cancer basics class -- quick and simple for those with minimal background in oncology. The only disappointment was that the course description mentioned quizzes could be taken for no cost, but that turned out not to be true. Nevertheless, it was a valuable course.
An amazing course for beginners. Would recommend to everyone with interest in the Emperor of all Maladies- Cancer. It would be greatful to have more courses at an advanced level specially including the techniques employed in research. Thank you so much Coursera and team of John Hopkins.
I am a biochemist and will be working on a cancer-related problem as a postdoc. This course was very helpful for me as it provided a clear general understanding of cancer, and I would have rated it five stars if it wasn't for multiple typos and inaccuracies in the course materials ;)
The course is very informative and I've learnt a lot.However, the lectures are quite dry since there are no more than just PPT slides. Meanwhile, some questions or quiz are not designed very well. They cannot effective assess how much content the students have really leant.
I enjoyed this course and learned a lot. Some of the lecturers spoke too quickly or in an overly complicated manner making the lessons hard to follow. But overall, this is a great introduction to the subject and can be completed much more quickly than suggested.
I really like the class in a way how the class is structured, introducing common types of cancers, hallmarks, development process etc. I have learned a lot! The only thing I wish for the class is less technical or more time in explaining terminology etc.
The course was good and very informative and reflects all the basic knowledge of introduction to cancer. I had also completed optional honors content but I didn't receive the certificate with honors. Thank you for making such a incredible online course.
Really an excellent course and course material
and the way of teaching.Thank you very much for all the instructors and
appreciating their effort in this work.I Learned lot about the screening, diagnosis, staging  and treatment of Cancer.Thanks a lot.
The course is a good intro to cancer biology and a refresher to people with previous cancer knowledge. It covers the cancer cell hallmarks and the steps in metastasis. Also there is a session on cancer imaging and widely used treatment options.
So far it's a very good course. I always wanted to learn about cancer as it took two lives from my family. I would give it a FIVE STAR if the professors could explain more elaborately as I have very little experience in this field. Thanks a lot
The course can include a little advanced training like showing some surgery videos and appropriate pictures and how treatment is actually given to the patients. This may help basic science researchers to understand more of the clinical part.
I am a postgraduate student of Oral Medicine and Radiology. Cancer is part of our curriculum and I found the lesson on hallmarks of cancer interesting.  This course is a good introduction before you leap into detailed books on the subject.
Excellent course! I learned a lot of things from it. First 5 weeks were very good, but the last week was a little advanced. I think I would have understood better if I the videos had  a little more explanation. But overall it was good.
Although I completed all course material, very frustrating that I could not complete the course without paying for a certificate.   Out of the 6 courses I am taking, this course is the only one requiring this.   Disappointing.
Very informational and a helpful introduction. Structured very well and is easy to complete assignments. However the quizzes sometimes ask for minute details that do not result in good retention of the information.
Pretty good, shorter than some other courses I've taken. I think it should be spiced up more because I almost fell asleep once and that the quizzes should be more difficult but other than that, great course.
I think this was a very good course and I definitely got out of it what I expected. I think anyone interested in advancing their knowledge on the general basics of cancer, this is a good place to start.
I benefited hugely from this course although I don't have background in clinical practice.  The introduction to Medical imagery was a little bit challenging for me, It could've been further simplified.
i enjoyed the information gthat i have learned in this course. however, I already learnt  the majority of these information i my university. hope that there is more detailed course about cancer
Very interesting course  for one have to be a good fighters against cancer ,first step and be strong , I hope in future give more about genetic of cancer.Thank you very much.
Thank you, it was a nice course, my first coursera. I find lectures quite general but definitely interesting. Good starting material. There is always space for improvement :)
Good basic introduction to cancer biology, some of the information was a little dry but all in all worthwhile. Some prior knowledge of basic biological concepts needed.
It was a great course form my favorite university, thanks very much for giving us this types of courses, I would like to be tested as a free course, but I coudn't
This is a great course for those interested in gaining more basic clarity on this topic.  I would recommend it to all with a need for more information on Cancer.
If there is a more detail description about that different kind of the six most common cancers that would be great.  The 10 hallmarks of cancers are very useful.
very good and insightful course.it has helped me a lot to gain understanding of basics in cancer biology even though i am an undergraduate biochemistry student.
The information in this course is great. I only wish the assessments were more comprehensive and challenging to test your true understanding of the material.
screening and treatment parts were hard for me because I'm not a specialist, yet the course is a perfect introduction for non-specialized interested people
It is a basic course to get you interested in the field of cancer biology. Suitable for undergrads and above. The course delivered on what they promised.
I did a module, just like this during my undergraduate days. Whilst I found it quite basic and just a refresher, the content is well presented and clear.
This is very interesting course of basic of cancelling pathway and the biology of cancer that can fundamental to the study of research of cancer. Thanks.
It was very interesting. but the recent critiques of cancer Hallmarks and theories related to cancer heterogeneity should be included
The class was clear and concise. I was hoping to get more challenge and in depth explanation but it is indeed an introductory class.
Tougher assignments and a final exam consisting of dummy experimental data to test the knowledge of the students would be welcome!
Its a good course that outlines the basics of cancer biology. Highly recommended for anyone interested in understanding cancer.
Should have two separate modules. from Week 5.One for MBBS students and technologists. One for Higher Academicians
Some content could be a little more informative and rigorous. "Intro" essentially meant seeing the surface only.
It's a great introduction course for cancers. Both contents and quiz are bit too easy and lack of challenges.
I mean, I am really fond of Biology and the Biotechnology, I think I will really appreciate this opportunity.
The course was very helpful and I gained a good source of knowledge from the best teachers around the globe.
This course helped me expand my knowledge and understanding of cancer. The course is good for beginners
may not just simply read the powerpoint. I wish more details and emerging researches to be taught.
I really enjoyed the course. Very professional training, with lots of insight in cancer therapy.
Very helpful course it was. Looking forward to such courses in the future. Thank you very much.
Extremely informative, but loses 1 star for reserving tests ONLY for members with subscriptions
Very good intro to the subject.  I liked the format of the questions from the imaging module.
great course enjoyed thoroughly the entire video series will continue to do different courses
Wish te videos were more engaging. Nonetheless, a very interesting and informative course!
Well organised, appropriate content; simplified yet relevant in scope and quality.
this course very useful to my that i gained a lot of information from this course.
It is very nice course to understand different aspects and causes of cancer.
Could have more indepth examinations. Reference material would be useful.
very good course and explains deeply yet clearly the biology of cancer
Loved the way they explained everything. But the tests are very easy.
Best course for the beginners to learn about cancer and its types.
Explanation for cancer biology was understandable and informative
Please make it more advanced-level for University teachers too
I had a great experience. Learned a lot for my future studies.
It's very helpful course to understand the basic of cancer.
disadvantages 1_ caring of statistics more than it deserves
Very good informative course, learnt a lot about cancer :)
Excellent, Excellent and Excellent. Highly recommended !
The course was good and learnt many things about cancer
Good for beginners, a bit too easy for medical students
Thank you very much for your valiable informations.
Good vieww of questions and Session and class
Very informative and amazing explaination
This would be pleasure to do this course
Very effective way to know about cancer
the course was easy and super helpful.
Thoroughly enjoyed this online course
Am clearly know about cancer therapy
this course is really helpful for me
Expect more materials for each topic
Great introduction for new leaner.
Nice overview, not worth 50 bucks.
It was a knowledgeable experience
good and informative. thank u
great learning experience :)
Repetition can be reduced.
Clear and enjoyable course
very useful and informing
The lectures was good
very exciting course
great course with very experience lecturers . it has helped me to gain more insight into cancer development. thank you so much Dr. Kenneth J. Pienta and the other doctors. God bless you all.
It will be very helpful to me for doing my research work on the very same topic.But all of these courses should be free of cost,just like this one.Thanking you once again !Regards.
Thanks a lot, Dr. Kenneth; the course has been very informative and mind-opening--it has also whetted my appetite to learn more about the topic.Thanks and best of regards in your endeavours!
I am an Undergraduate student and i didnt even read oncology subject, but this course not just start the beginer level , butt gradually it goes in depth and the flow of lectuures and topics is smooth
Introduction to the Biology of Cancer has taken a big role in my personal development.Not only has it broadened my horizon,but it also has encouraged me to study this field in the future along with my field physics.Many thanks for precious teachers  who has taught each topic delicately and thoroughly during this course.
Brilliant course, this is my 1st course in coursera, and it broadens my horizon.
I'm a high schooler who's always loved science, but I really felt a need to understand cancer after my grandma was diagnosed with stage 3c NSLC. This course gave me that understanding. From completing this course with honors, I've learned so much about cancer - from its history to cellular biology to current standard-of-care cancer drugs. The instructors explained complicated processes clearly and provided many diagrams and medical scans in their presentations (as a visual learner, this was really helpful). I would absolutely recommend it.Thank you so much, Coursera!
The course was helpful for me to learn about the science of cancer biology. Being a pathology student this helped me in understanding the concepts of cancer which s very important for me for my future. Thank you doctors and thank you Coursera !!
Excellent course for anyone interested in knowing more about the origin, diagnosis and treatment of cancer, even for beginners. Thanks to JHU for putting such an excellent course material together!
Great introduction. But do not stop with this course, if you are planning to do some good work in the field of cancer. This is just the beginning.
Extremely informative, will use moving along my career trajectory in medicine!
great for beginners like me to dive into world of cancer treatments
Great information and teachers.
very well constructed.
Great explanations
I would like to thank Dr.Pienta and his colleagues for providing such a resourceful and intriguing lesson on cancer research. Personally, I found the lectures on Metastasis: The Real Killer by Dr.Valkenburg to be of particular interest and I will certainly continue my academy journey with hopes of finding new prognosis and treatments to fight cancer in the near future. Thank you!
A complete and outstanding course with all elementary topics of cancer. I would like to say thanks to the course co-ordinator of the course for such an excellent package of knowledge about cancer and also thanks to coursera.
Brilliant! I loved it! Learnt a lot, helps me in my field of Artificial Intelligence by understanding what cancer really means. Helps me empathize with the challenges at hand better. Thank you.
I was greatly impacted and hope to deepen my understanding of liver cancer trusting that I too will able to contribute in future.
course was amazing and put into terms that made it easier to understand. Some quizzes were a little difficult.
Very informative. Good for basic understanding of cancer for someone already in the field of biology.
hits the surface of cancer for anyone who is at least interested in learning how some cancers work.
Best course to learn about cancer.
Well let me thank all the staff for this great, simple, informative course , also also thank you JH school of medicine for the second time for providing such a great course  , thanks also to Coursera for accepting the financial aid .Thanks to " Dr. Pianta's team " you made me very interested in such a branch of medical branches , It is now become a dream to join your team Dr. Pianta , fighting hand in hand together againist such a monster not only threat my Homeland Egypt  or Us but also affect a huge number and harvest not a small number all over the world .You really don't know how you encouraged me to attend lectures and events nearby in the Cancer Institute Of Minia  in my city to apply and communicate all knowledge provided here in JH courses with  Cancer cases here and their protocols of treatment .I have a " Recommendation " for you : Now I'm enjoying a wonderful course called " Stories of Infection " also is here on coursera Provided by Dr. Maya Adam from Stanford SCH. Of Med . ,  briefly the way Dr. Maya Introduces the information in that course is very inspirational " the disease from personal history to the final recovery passing through C/P, investigations and  proper types of therapies in the form of wonderful story "  .So I'm really looking forward to enjoy  such a course provided by your team Dr. Pianta  discussing Cases of Cancers  and its management .Finally , always keep up the Excellent work as we used to see from you ^_^
I like this course it was so enjoyable helpful to me since I wanted to learn more about cancer biology and I got the perfect opportunity to sign into this course! thanks to all coursera team and Jhons Hopkins university school for giving their time and effort to make this course.I liked the way of teaching by the doctors. at first, i thought it would be so difficult because I didn't have the right professional background about cancer biology and I wanted to start my own journey into fighting this disease but i didn't know where to start. suddenly, I found that this course and I've signed!i have some suggestions about this course:please put serious moderators not an ex-coursera students with some privilegeplease put some sizes options for the translation
I appreciate that this course covers such a wide variety of topics, but I would love to see more than just prostate cancer examined in further depth in an independent course. I think the first instructor in this course does the best job of breaking down complex concepts into more comprehensive topics. I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to expand their knowledge in how to classify cancers into carinomas, sarcomas, leukemias, and lymphomas (the four general classes caner falls into) and then how to stage them appropriately, staging of the more common types of cancer that occur, or people looking for more information about how cells interact with chemotherapies, immunotherapies, and radiotherapies.
I got out of it what I expected as a person who does not work in any medical field. But I did not like the fact that we did not see a person giving the lectures and only the diagrams were visible. Every Coursera course I have taken thus far has always had the instructor visible as he or she lectured.  It gave me the feeling of being in an actual classroom setting which I like. There was some information which was well beyond my level of knowledge . I am a college graduate but my degree is in social science. Then there were quiz questions which were on the more advanced information . I passed on my third try though.
I, from the bottom of my heart, be very grateful to all the lecturers  and the supporting staff, for their sincere efforts.All of the lectures were very clear, descriptive and for me, it seemed like a short note. Each lecture started with an introduction from Dr. Pienta and started with the basics and then proceeded towards more information. there were pictures, data and other additional information where necessary. every lecturer did their portion to the best. I learned a lot from this course and would help me immensely in my studies. Thank you very much for your endeavours
Even though I have some difficulty studying this course especially around jargons and language (English is not my primary language and my professional background does not close to medical/ healthcare fields.), I found this course offer at appropriate length, both for course length and time required per week. It is manageable for those who is working, so do not hesitate to join. I suggest the course to notify that the content is not that easy to understand for the one who does not have medical/ healthcare background just like me. Thank you for the course !
I took this course as my work as a conference interpreter quite frequently includes clinical trial meetings. Whereas I always found the subject matter hugely interesting, it is often not that easy to research clinical trial related material online as it is not always well publicised, for obvious reasons. I am hoping that with some additional basic knowledge of the therapeutic areas I come across most often in my work, I will become more efficient in my own job of aiding communication about medical progress in a multilingual setting.
I really enjoyed the course "Introduction to the Biology of Cancer". It was presented in an organized and understandable manner which helped my track my progress. The periodic quizzes helped me to assess my progress and improved my focus during the lectures. The instructors were experienced and taught the concepts in a clear and concise way. At the end of the course, I have a good understanding of the basics of Cancer biology and I feel confident to take more advanced courses that are specific to my areas of interest.
I loved this course as I found the topic fascinating (the 10 hallmarks absolutely blew my mind - those cancer cells are so conniving!). I think the instructors did a fantastic job delivering the material. I am a Product Manager in the software industry, and I took this class for my personal curiosity. I wish we were able to submit the answers to the quiz without officially purchasing the course. I did not purchase the course as it does not pertain to my profession and I do not really need a certification for it.
It was an excellent course with explanations from learned individuals in their respective fields of work at its best. I have gained essential and basic knowledge of how cancer cells develop and function. The imaging and screening module within this course has helped me to understand various scans and X-rays. I thoroughly enjoyed this course and hope to look forward to more such courses ahead. I would also appreciate it if there would be some final projects to be evaluated by peers and vice versa.
The course was excellent, with very good structure, with the right level of difficulty/complexity, with very good slides & discussions. The only couple of points for potential amendments that I would propose is a) avert from calling/mentioning drugs with their brand names, but rather use the active ingredient names only, and b) perhaps providing resources for further reading (i.e web links etc) to all material after each lecture, like you did for week 6 final lecture.
This course helped me to get in depth with what 'cancer' is. We get exposed to 'cancer' as something which is associated with negative ideologies and conditions; however, one is not bothered enough to look into what it actually is and how it affects the lives of people. I have always been curious as to how 'cancer' is formed and in what way it affects the human body in a more descriptive and biological way. It was really educational and informative.
Dear Sir/Madam,Thank you for the wonderful course package provided by your Team of Members. I finished my certification at the earliest as the lectures and course content was very interesting. It was very lucid and was in brief. I thank the Course Coordinator Prof. Kenneth Pienta for the wonderful streamlining of the course content. Many congratulations to you and your team. It came as a free course for which am very indebted. Thank you all again.
I am now able to Identify the major types of cancer List and describe the hallmarks of cancer I can differentitate that the contribution of genes to the risk and growth of cancer Define metastasis and identify the major steps in the metastatic process I can describe the role of imaging in the screening,diagnosis,staging,and  treatment of cancer And i can explain how cancer is treated And importantly  i can explain how cancer is treated
The course was very informative and helpful. I had signed up for the certified course but still haven’t received the certificate even after completion, my mail I’d is correct because I’ve received all other mails and some link to verify my name for certification is also not opening. I hope you can look into my complaint and certify me as soon as possible. Thank you for considering. I also look forward to enroll into new courses soon.
This course emphasis brief introduction to biology of cancer. Here by simple words and examples you can discover which risk factors can cause cancer and what prevention needs to be done to minimize chance of cancer occurrence etc.  I will suggest this course to all my colleges. I am really pleased for passing this course.   I wish all group Introduction to the Biology of Cancer further inspiration to create new interesting courses.
I an very thank full to johns Hopkins university, I learned so many things from this course  i.e 10 cellular hallmarks and therapy...., especially this course is  use full for those who wants to work in research and development and health care professions too and In last video they mentioned some web site -information on clinical trials and different cancers  so we can easily access the information from those web site
I would like to thank coursera to consider me eligible for the scholarship. I have completed the course with a cent percent result, hence proving my interest in the subject. The course was beautifully presented and explained by all the professors. It was brief and knowledgeable at the same time. The quizzes after each lecture have helped in clearing the main quiz. The course was all in all very knowledgeable. Thankyou
This is one of the best courses I had taken on Cancer, to date. I acquired much new knowledge on the fundamentals and basics of Cancer Biology and would definitely use this knowledge as a baseline for my further academic pursuits and the lot many research works that I will do in my life. Thank You, Dr. Pienta and his wonderful team - Dr. Amend, Dr. Jelani, Dr. Valkenburg and Miss Reyes.
Thank you very much, Dr. Kenneth Pienta, for providing such an engaging course throughout 6 weeks, and I enjoyed every content of this course that is well structured especially  Ten hallmarks of cancer, TNM staging, cancer imaging, and various types of cancer treatments. Overall, it is a comprehensive cancer biology course. Looking forward to having an intermediate level of this course.
I'm a project manager working in  new drug discovery and IND-enalbling projects, mainly for anti-cancer filed. this course is easy to understand and involved a lot of useful knowledge to facilitate understanding of the rational of new drug, in which the mechanisms are ofter related to some of the hallmarks of cancer. Thanks you very much for making and sharing the course, very nice job.
The course is really good & very informative. The course content is just perfect for any new born in the area. Apparently, the instructors provide to the point information about the topic.Thanks to the instructors for making such a course; it really planted the basic biology of cancer in me & also deepened its understanding by providing an HONORS in it . Great Work please keep going .
It was exactly what I would expect from an intermediate level course. It never lost my attention or made me feel like I was in over my head, while keeping me interested at all times through the quality and quantity of new relevant information about cancer. I'm glad I took this course and feel like I can distinguish myself from my peers with this insight! Thank you very much.
An excellent course! Whoever is interested in the development and metastasis of cancer should take this course. The lectures are very well presented and structured, so they are quite easy to follow even for a layman. I found the part on the hallmarks of cancer particularly interesting - a course that would go into more detail here would be on my wish list for future courses.
This is a great course! I do not have a medical background so it helped me understand several concepts. I liked the fact that after each session I had to answer quizzes to move on. On the improvement side,  I would like to see the face of the person who is lecturing to make it more personal. Thanks a lot for the amazing course, for sure I will come back to review it again!
It's an amazing course! The pathophysiology of metastasis, all the hallmarks of cancer, various treatment options for each type of cancer- all these are taught here with great excellency in this course. As a medical student, I am greatly benefited by this course. Finally I am grateful to the course ordinator and all other members who have made this course so wonderful.
This course is very informative and the content is very easily grasped. It is a beginner level course whereby people without a basic understanding of biology are able to participate. Furthermore, the quizzes ensure that you follow the course well enough. All the professors in this course did a fantastic job of making the course content short and highly informative.
I work for a worldwide cancer research charity and found the course to be an excellent, challenging introduction to cancer biology. I particularly liked the fact that the course pointed towards some of the major questions that researchers are working around the clock answer, and that core materials were supplemented with examples of current research.
This is an important topic now a days.In this course I have learned some types of cancer, which gene is responsible for cancer, how many people in the world are suffering from cancer, what is the treatment of cancer and known some chemotherapy. I hope this course will help me in future. And i thank to the instructor to  help me in this course.
Great Course, was literally hooked as content was very informative and well structured. Not too overwhelming with massive information. This is a brief but effective intro to cancer - however if you are not from a medical background you do have to do some background reading to understand pathways and functions of sub cellular components.
This course is really simple and it is designed in such a manner that somebody from not a biology background can also understand the concepts very well..it was a great opportunity for me to learn about a subject in which I am planning to pursue my research work..thanks a lot to the professors of this course as well as the organisers..
This course was informative, yet not too overflowing with information which can leave the learners confused. This is a perfect course for anyone who wants to get basic yet sufficient knowledge on cancer biology in order to pursue a career in research on cancers. I am glad I took this course during the lock-down. Highly recommended.
I learnt a lot from this course. The docs. and profs. made the modules so basic and understandable to those that are new to the idea of cancer biology. I'm a biochemistry student at the university and I hope to continue in cancer research in my postgrad studies. This course was a stepping stone for sure. I appreciate the exposure.
I took the course as I recently obtained a new career as a clinical research coordinator on an oncology unit. As a nurse, I have had no experience in oncology other than the short time in nursing school. This was a wonderful refresher and will make a tremendous difference in my transition to my new role as a nurse in oncology.
I was very informative to me. I learn different kind of cancer and there treatment,  I came to know that what are drawback of cancer. If we dose not dignose it at time it can be a very dangerous and can effect almost all part of body . Thanks very much to my all faculty whose teach me very well . God bless you all . Thanks
It's a very good course with very specific goals and I really enjoyed it and really learned from it.I hope you can keep providing similar courses.But I think the evaluation method needs improvement to be more student-engaging.Thank you so much for letting me have this opportunity to study this topic with this tutorship.
I was working at a lab last summer where I worked on breast cancer cells. A lot of the signalling pathways taught as examples in this course is what I worked on. I loved this course. The Professors are fantastic and very knowledgeable. I would recommend this course for anyone who is very passionate about cancer biology.
This course is awesome. As a current research technologist in this field, this course gives me great knowledge of cancer. I recommend anyone who is interested in this field. However, this course by itself won't give you everything. It is a course where you want to begin with if you want to begin a career of this field.
It is quite informative and useful course for begginers. I'm working with clinical trials, so I know so many cases, so many details, but this course has made a basement for my building. Thank you! Highly recommended for those, who know smth, but want  to make all knowledge in order and prepare your 'brain shelves'
This was a very informative course and I learnt a lot about cancer doing this course. The instructors were clear, precise and at the right pace. A big thanks to all the instructors. The only feedback that I have is that the quizzes could be made a mit more complex to test the knowledge gained by the students.
Thanks so much! Professor Kenneth Pienta and your team, you are so well prepared and the presentation is empowering. One is able to follow the step by step flow of information and tips. I enjoyed this course. As a health educator/promoter, it helps me act as a good source of information. Thank you once again.
A great course with very interesting subjects related to origin of metastasis and how it currently affects comprehension of cancer and its spreading through  human body. At the same time, teachers are capable of teaching these topics with relatively easiness, so that one can learn even without noticing it.
A great course, very basic though. I haven't purchased a certificate as i only wanted to get familiar with the topic. Biology of cancer is very interesting to me but absolutely useless in my job)So this course is absolutely designed for me - there is all important information given in a very simple way.
The course has a high quality. The teaching method is clear and easy to understand. Instructors also provide a lot of graphs which are helpful. Though the course is easier than I expected, I still think it's a good course for students who want to know fundamental knowledge about cancer biology.
Informative, organized, and targeted for learning.  Dr. Pienta and the other Hopkins professionals involved in putting this course together did an excellent job and were engaging throughout.  I hope more material like this from Johns Hopkins becomes available in the not-so-distant future.
A very useful course for learning about cancer, metastasis, cancer imaging, cancer prevention, cancer screening, cancer staging, and treatment. I found the name of factors and medicines a bit difficult because I was not familiar with them beforehand but those are not this course's fault.
It is an amazing course to understand the biology of cancer and get to know the present imaging techniques and treatment methods.The course has definitely inspired me to do more research in this field and contribute something to the society. Thank you coursera for such an opportunity!!
Really sparked my interest into a field I thought as a kid I would never enjoy. (Mother was a nurse who ended up dying from cancer) I am starting the transition actually going back to school to study biology and genetics farther now. Thank you! Clear, quick and very informative course!
It's a really good option for someone who wants to learn the biology and treatments of many cancers around the world, all the lectures and information that I get is so important and is so specific, so I just want to say thank you for this really instructive and professional course.
I wish there was a way to complete the course for those of us who didn't do this for a certificate. Now my course page will always show one incomplete course, even though I did all the classes, but couldn't submit the quizes and coursework because I couldn't pay for a certificate.
I am thankful to the entire team for providing such detailed basics in cancer biology, which cleared all my doubts.  Each and every week's lectures was well organized, planned and cogent.  Thanks again for all the efforts. Looking forward to learn more in this field. Many thanks.
Very nice introductory course! the lectures are easy to follow and the diagrams used are very helpful. Overall, I would really recommend this course to anyone who is thinking of going into cancer research or even Medicine students like me who wanted to know more about the subject
Very well compiled information for anyone who is willing to invest a little energy into understanding cancer and it's dynamics. Might get a little complex for people with a non-medicine background in the last week but learn to ignore what you don't require and you'll be great!
This course really ensures me to get to the univerity in this related field which I do aim to be a doctor of medicine.In terms of knowledge, I believe the content is quite suitable for those who are beginners, like me, and the arrangement of these lessons appears appropriate.
Amazing course. I enjoyed every bit of it! Although it is said to be for beginners, I loved that the course included more in depth information for those who are interested (for example, names of specific proteins, tumour suppressor factors, oncogenes, mutation, ligands etc).
New NP, hoping to branch in the world of surgical oncology. I have a critical care background and took this course as both a refresher for some concepts and an introduction to oncology. It was very helpful and informative, I glad I did this as a type of independent study.
Im a biotechnology student who is looking forward to working towards finding a cure to genetic diseases such as cancer, and this course sets a really good base in cancer principles. I would reccomend 100% if you are interested in medicine, genetics or biology in general.
Excellent review about this disease, Thanks to all professors. I really appreciated each lesson even these contribute to my career where I'm constantly with patients, I consider a great tool to offer confidence about this disease is the knowledge you have about it.
Interesting introduction, very detailed with screening, staging (TNM) and treatment steps per most common cancers worldwide. Very clinical and with a glimp of promising research (clinical trials), only the counselling part of the patient is missing in this course.
It was an amazing course with simple explaining of the main principles of cancer starting from definition to the different types of treatment.I have benefited from this course and I fully hope to join more courses about caner.Thank you very much for all doctors.
It was really a good decision for me to use my time in logging in for cousera giving me a better understaning of basics of cancer and i would love to join other courses if their there is a support of finacial aid to students like me who have no source of income.
It was really good, very basic though. You can learn new concepts. It´s a course that any person can take, actually, most people should learn about the concepts and new theory about cancer because it is a problem that we all are going to deal with in the future.
It is a well organised and great structured course! However, it would be helpful to have some questions improved and proof-read. Also, there could be more extra information included or, otherwise, I am looking forward towards the advanced course from your team!
It is a very good introduction course for someone who has no background in biology or medicine. The course content is very well  so that it is easy to follow and is a joy to learn all the important aspect without feeling frustrated for unable to understand.
I really enjoyed the course and by the end of it i was feeling a bit more confident than before. I would like to thank those who gave the lectures :)! I highly recommend for those who wants to have a strong foundation about cancer. Very satisfied overall.
Highly recommend this course to anyone interested in Biology or the practical applications of this subject to the real world. Very enjoyable lectures combined with challenging quizzes thoroughly engaged me and pushed me to research these topics further.
Great introductory course to cancer. I love how the course includes the clinical side as well as the biological implications of cancer and provides the information in a very simplistic style. The coursework is not overwhelming and I loved this course.
Best way of learning ..this course provided with detailed information covering all basics from cell to clinical studies and treatment.best for people who likes to know about cancer and for people who are working related to cancer from other fields.
I am a university undergraduate from Sri Lanka. This course was very helpful for me. I learned a lot about cancers and also this course solved some misunderstandings I had about cancers. A big thanks to all the lecturers who helped me to learn.
Very good course giving a broad overview of what cancer is and how we diagnose and cure it.Don't expect to be a specialist of cancer after it, it's only an introduction. But it is a good introduction giving some bases if you want to go further.
In this short course, the presenters on each faculty have explained well the must to know of Cancer Biology. I was knowing nothing about cancer and can understand now different cause of cancer, diagnosis and treatment of the same. Thanks
The course is quite simple and easy to follow. Very suitable for students who have no understandings in this area. The workload is also small so I suggest those who were major in biology or chemistry you dont have to follow this course.
It is a course that star to basic but explain everything about cancer biology for a simple and actual form, i am so grateful for learn with Jhon Hopkins Hospital and i hope apply all this knowledge in my carrer and in my future job.
I am a medical student, and I was familiar with most concepts delivered in this course, but I can assure material is delivered extremelly clearly and can be grasped by anyone with basic biology background. Great introductory course!
Indeed a great course for one who wishes to know the basics of Cancer occurrence, progression and treatment. Kudos to the professors for putting up the otherwise complicated topic in much simpler word possible. Thank you very much.
This course is very informative and covers majority of required and interesting information about cancer and its treatment. Anyone interested to have a knowledge about cancer basics would surely benefit by attending this course.
It was indeed an awesome course. This course helped me in knowing so much about Cancer which I never knew before. It was indeed very interesting and all the professors have so proficient presentation skills. Thank you so much.
This course was very informative and interesting. It mainly deals with the cancer, its effect and how cancer cells grow. It also describes about the screening and treatment of individual cancer. Overall course was very good.
Great course! Comprehensive and well organized. This course offered detailed descriptions of the fundamentals of cancer biology in the most simplest manner, which was easy to understand and follow-up without any difficulty.
very informative and well made slides, easy to follow and the content is really interesting! i had engaged learning throughout with the mini quizzes at the end of each video to recap certain key points. highly recommended!
Wonderful course, lots of information. Dr. Pienta is an excellent teacher. Thanks also to his staff and lab assistants for helping to create such a well-designed program. I will definitely recommend this course to others!
Thank you for the course. I am looking forward for even more detailed lectures about each specific cancer types, from the molecular mechanisms  involved in transformation and progression, to treatment and patient manageme
A good introduction to cancer biology which is suitable for beginners. Even though I have some background knowledge on the molecular basis of cancer, I still learnt a lot about imagining and treatment of common cancers.
AMAZING TEACHING BY THE TEACHERS AND THE CONTENT  TAUGHT IN THE COURSE IS REALLY GOOD. IT IS TAUGHT IN A INTERSERTING FASHION AND ALSO HAS SOME FEATURES WHICH MAKES IT STAND OUT. IT PROVIDES A NICE LEARNING EXPERIENCE.
So impressive gave me each and every fine detail of cancer,I very glad that I joined this course and I have learned about Cancer and I got to know that how cancer can effect the body also the changes in the body Thanks
Very informative and educational for beginners. As a chemist working in pharmaceutical industry, I always wanted to learn some background knowledge about cancer biology. This is the course of choice for any newbies.
I am beyond satisfied with the course that was provided. The subject was in-depth enough to understand the subject and develop a passion for doing further studies in cancer biology. The teaching was really great.
Excellent course! Breaks concepts down into easily understood terms while still bringing the true technical components of oncology care. Very helpful! I will be looking out for more courses just like this one.
Amazing course! The professors were all so knowledgeable and explained everything so well. I truly walked away with a much better understanding of cancer and cannot wait to use this information in the future!
The course provided me a broader knowledge in the field of cancer biology. It also allowed me to explore the various aspects of cancer biology through different resources that were available for the students.
This course is extremely valuable for the beginners and also helps you to acquire a basic knowledge of cancer biology. This course is interesting as well as it gives a boost to your career in cancer biology.
I took this course, because my mother was just diagnosed with Colon Cancer. Although this news was not easy I just want to be more knowledgeable about this "disease" and educate myself a little. Thank you.
Excellent course. Introduction to cancer at a general biological and pathofysiology level, as well as specifically in terms of risk factors, diagnosis, and treatment of the six most common types of cancer.
Absolutely fascinating. I enjoyed every lecture and really did learn a lot. The course was engaging and was easy enough to understand, but difficult enough that I felt a real accomplishment when I passed!
Sensational course !!! It redirected me to the future specialization in pharmacotherapy of antineoplasic. I only have to thank the professionals involved in the teaching of classes and engaging tests.
It was a course of much interest.  Everything is explained very simply.  I have learned lot of important information. I am delighted to be able to do this online course at  JOHNS HOPIKNS university.
I took 8 courses in coursera yet and I can say this course was so far the best one. Very informative, not boring spoken, very interesting. Thank you for your work. I appreciate it from my heart.
A well sructured course with a lot of useful information. Gives you a good basic understanding of cancer, answers many questions. I,ll bw looking forwars to a more advanced course on this topic!
Very interesting and useful information for non-specialists interested in this fieldUnderstanding is reachable even without scientific background but with a keen interest in medicine and cancers
Adequate introduction to the theme. If, however, you have any experience in oncology already, it is not advisable to attend this course since it discusses only the fundamentals of oncology.
The course was really helpful for understanding and reviewing the basic concepts of cancer, which is always important to keep in mind to be able to treat patients accurate as a oncologist.
Course is concise and professors are well learned in their fields. Information in the course is relatively well dispersed. Use of diagrams is good and makes it easy to remember the content
This is a very basic course designed by an excellent team with ease so that non-technical person can also be benefitted from it. Thank you, for this great course. I enjoyed it thoroughly.
This course was really useful for me, and it helped me to gather more information about cancer biology as well. Thank you all the organizers who made thing course really a beneficial one.
Great course, I'm 14 and learned a lot. The ease with witch each lesson can be understood changed lesson to lesson, depending on how well the researcher explained. But still great course!
It is a great course, very well developed, those involved explain very well, besides having a broad knowledge base.
I am very pleased, I feel that this course will really help me in life.
The course was very useful and the content has been distributed very well. It has helped me learn a lot of things about various prevalent cancers. Thank you so much to the team. Regards.
I love the highly-organized course materials. It is not only useful for biology students but also for anyone who wants to better understand one of the most deadly diseases in the world.
Great introductory course for cancer. It is simple enough for a novice to understand, and complex enough for someone who works in the field to gain additional knowledge. Great lectures.
This course was put very simply and understandably. The information was useful in my projects and I am now able to understand terminology used in medical journals. Thank you Dr. Pienta!
This is very amazing. This course give me more knowledge about cancer. And the all teacher are very very amazing. This give me more information and a new platform for my good career.
Excellent class. I learned a lot. I like how they delivered the information into clear comprehensible segments. It was easy for follow the class, as it was well organized and clear.
It was a very good course. It help me very much to understand and have a much better idea of the different types of Cancer. I can most certainly take advantage from this knowledge.
Very interesting course. Important information to understand the development of cancer and its treatments and to be able to follow the medical developments of cancer in the future.
Extremely simplified explanation such that a non-bio background Computer Science Engineer can even understand the causes. (By the way I am learning to apply AI to cancer detection)
I learned a lot in this course, it was better than I expected. It will help me in my study area and I hope I can improve my skills at university with these knowledge I've earned.
In this course I learned many things about cancer like cancer treatment and prevention process like therapies and chemical agent, surgery and clinical trials and Many more thing
Very informative, absolutely loved it. Strongly Recommended to anyone interested in Biochemistry, Cancer research or to anyone looking to learn more about this particular field.
Excellent course, clear and complete lectures, accessible language, actual and scientific information based on robust evidences, connected to practice. Completely recommend!!!
The course was amazing. l got to learn and appreciate the different types of cancer and the various concepts associated with it. It was a very satisfying experience. Thank you
It is a very useful course for beginner. It can act as a stepping-stone for someone who wants to start learning about cancer or pursuing a profession in cancer-related fields
A very good course to understand cancer and what are the possibilities in future to fight against it.I enjoyed this course very much.Thank you for letting me do this course.
I found this course very fruitful for me . I got extra knowledge by that. Coursera is doing well to help the students to increase their extra knowledge. very Appreciable (Y)
I liked this course because give the basic principles to understand the biology of cancer, I like the points of view of researchers, doctors and nurses, it helped me a lot.
It was a comprehensive review of the development of cancer. I only wish we had more time to go into the specific genetics of the genes related to the development of cancer.
What an amazing story-teller the course-creators are! I have learned and enjoyed a lot. Highly Recommended for anyone who wants to further their career in Cancer Research.
It is very useful , simple , and I am looking forward to take more courses , and I think it gives a proper introduction for whoever wants to start learning about cancer .
Wonderful course. Very informative and exceptionally well designed. I have learnt so much that will help me with my work in Integrative oncology and botanical  medicine.
Course was grea!!!. Crisp, well framed, well presented covering every basic aspect to understand the cancer biology. I would recommend this to my friends and colleagues
it's really an amazing course .the lecturers hit the points directly.I just wish the next time you could provide a course that explain the molecular biology of cancer.
It is a very informative and fundamental course for beginners aspire for cancer biology.Instructors are pretty good and explain the topic very well.Highly recommended
it was really a helpful class for me as a biotech student and i would like to have more classes in other areas.it help me to learn much more deep into cancer biology
The entire lecture and construct of the syllabus was very simple and informative. I recommend others to kindly look up to this course and have a informative session.
Absolutely worth it - boosts my CV yet fulfils my desire to know more about this topic! It helped me with learning content for my next year's modules in university!
I really enjoyed with this course. It was a tremendous knowledge I´ve learned. Thank you for their times. It was very helpfull to me to understand what is cancer.
I have learned many things on the topic of cancer and I think this course gave me more knowledge about cancer and it's risk factor and prevention and treatment...
Really loved the entire course. It makes even a person who doesn't have any knowledge about the subject understand the concepts very well. Excellent explanation.
Very interesting course! Lecturers explained all the course materials very well and made it very engaging through examples and illustrations. Highly recommended!
It's great detail of knowing even for out of profession person. Learnt much about cancer, how it thrives and risk it tenders. I am grateful for this opportunity.
Very Impressed by the course content and the way the course was handled by the course instructors. Would like to take courses offered by Johns Hopkins in future.
This course is absolutely ecstatic because the professor is nice and he always comes up with the smartest and most complex information a topic during the lesson!
This course took me from zero knowledge about cancer to a broad understanding of this disease, its causes, treatment, and screening methods. Highly recommended!
Well put together! Great variety in experts leading the course. Amount and level of information shared was just right. I think everyone should take this course!
Thank you so much for providing such a interesting course, especially thanks for financial support, I will be always there for courser, cant forget the great he
Very good course. Although I didn't purchase the certificate, I still learned a lot. I would recommend it to anyone interested in cancer and how it is treated.
The course was very informative and best for those who want to know the basic understanding of cancer, its classification, imaging types and treatment types.
this course taught me alot of interesting stuff and I do recommend it for anyone who wants to get a better understanding of cancer, and what it is all about.
I found this course very helpful and informative. Any student from life science background can easily understand this course. I highly recommend this course.
The course instructors were very awesome I understood them perfectly this  made me to really want to know more cancer as a biochemist in research field.
This course is really useful.You will get info about cancer from grass root level if you are new in this field.Attend this course guys,it will help you
This was really good and knowledgeable also.It really helps me to learning new things.Anyone who're interested on cancer,he'll enroll this.Thank You.
It was an awesome course to do, I learned so much and the learning material was handed to me in a interactive way. Which made it easy for me to learn
this is a really good one and of course I had a very good time during the course and really  great thanks to the educators of the course and coursera
It was well taught and I was able to understand a lot more than basics of cancer. Thanking all those who took an effort in providing the knowledge.
A very good primer on the most common cancer types. I hope to see a more advanced iteration of this course for those who want deeper understanding.
Very good explained and slides that are very helpful. I learned a lot in a course with quite short lectins. Very appreciated to get the course in
This was a very interesting course and well put together I enjoyed the lessons and the variety of information about the existing types of cancer.
Super Informative and easy to follow! I'm a high school students, and it was very accessible to me. I would definitely recommend this to anyone!
The Course on "Introduction to the Biology of Cancer" was very good and useful. The lectures were so good in understanding the concept clearly.
This is an excellent introduction to Cancer Biology. Occasionally you do need to clarify a term from the Internet, but that is not a big issue.
it was most amazing way of studying and I thank you Prof. K Pienta and all my teachers for making this course the most unique and informative.
Good course to give an over all view of cancer. Talks about how cancer cells are formed, how they spread, how cancer is diagnosed and treated.
really nice. every doctor should talk slowly as mr Pienza does because some of us are foreigners and it would be easier for us to understand.
Absolutely loved this course. It includes all the basics of cancer studies and I am very grateful to Dr. Ken Pienta and his team :D Cheers!
Great Course! I am glad that I learned about Biology in Cancer in Coursera! it is more convenience and less stress than learning in school!
Very nice introduction reviwing all common theories of cancer development, metastasis. All common cancers and therapies were also reviewed.
Thank you so much all the doctors. This course has been very beneficial for me and also encouraged me to look into this field more deeply.
Very excellent course!! I loved and appreciated it so much! Congratulations for making and disponibilizing this content around the world!
I enjoyed this course . It will serve as a good foundation as i tackle my pathology unit , particularly the topic of cancer. thank you !
Very informative on the basics of cancer biology and treatment. If you already know about cell biology most of this course will be easy.
Great explanation of basics of cancer biology. It helped me a lot in understanding of the process of metastasis and cancer development.
Informative, in-depth and engaging. I enjoyed the use of a visual presentation as it allowed me to process the new information easily.
I enjoyed the course.  I wish it had been more in-depth in certain areas but I understand that there are extensions to various topics.
Very very interesting and well explained. I can recommend this course to everybody who wants to get an easy introduction to oncology!
Thank you Coursera & to all the lecturers involved. Very informative and I definitely will appreciate my certificate of this course.
Loved it! I learned a lot more regarding this field and it has totally encouraged me to continue with my passion of cancer research.
this course is very helpful to understand the depth and basic knowledge about lethal cancer disease.thank you too much to all team.
Truly academic, very suitable for newcomers to oncology research. Provide necessary background knowledge for the field of research.
The course was very nice and I get information about the cancer very easily. I really recommend this course to someone who wants to
This course was truly amazing and i enjoyed learning every minute of it. The concepts were very intriguing and beautifully taught.
Being a medical graduate I can say that the topic was explained in a very effective manner, with an organized flow of information.
The course was informative and the lecturers are knowedgable too. After completing this course I have learned a lot about cancer.
it was really interesting to listen to your videos. ur videos are easy to understand for the beginners and with much information
its very informative and useful to all students who are interested in cancer i like cery much thanking for offering this course
I especially enjoyed learning about the treatment of cancer (week 6) and the statistics related to cancer occurrence and death.
A great course to have a complete knowledge about the various aspects of cancer. happy to be a part of gaining good knowledge.
It is my first on line coursera course and I liked it very much. Its a very good opportunity to review and learn about cancer.
Ive learned so much from this course, I totally recommend it to anyone that is interested in biology or cancer staging/cells!
i am thankful to coursera for providing me the financial aid . this course has helped me to gain more knowledge about cancer
Perfect! I just loved this course! Brief, clear and didactic classes, with enough important content on the biology of cancer
Extremely interesting and informative course that is great for an introduction to this subject and igniting your interest .
Terrific overview! Great for individuals who are interested in the science of cancer, it’s biology and possible treatments.
Great information. Excellent course that has left me wanting to know more and be a part of expanding treatments. Thank you!
This course is presented in a very satisfying way.I have learned so many new things that will help me in my future career.
Good course indeed.  I enjoyed the learning. I have learned so much in the course. Thanks a lot Coursera  and Prof Pienta.
it was an amazing learning experience. i enjoyed my journey and videos were very  informative and help me in my research.
This course not only was easy to learn and understand, but the faculty also helped in making leaning an enjoyable process
Wonderful course, I was able to learn a lot about the biology of cancer. I have a broad and wonderful view of the course.
Best course I ever took on cancer. Thanks to all the doctors for all the knowledge they have passed on to us. Thank you!
This was such a fun and informative course. I'm really satisfied with the course material and guidance by the lecturers.
The lectures and the quiz after every lecture are very helpful to attend the quiz. I really enjoyed learning this course
Very interesting and made me learn more. Dr. Ken Pienta was really an inspiration to me. Thanks for issuing this course.
Excellent course for learners who are really interested in Cancer studies and also the instructors were really awesome.
well explained and excellent course.I recommend others to take a look at this course to understand the basics of cancer
It was an amazing experience.The short and precise details significantly enriched my basic knowledge of cancer biology.
A very well prepared course material. It cover the key knowledge about cancer. I enjoyed it and I learned a lot. Thanks
This course gave me a whole understanding of cancer and I can’t wait to explore more specific fields related to cancer!
I just want to say thanks a million, the course has been well designed and taught. all modules are really informative.
Very good introductory  course about cancer. Very well done. Looking forward to the next course. Thank you very much.
It is an incredible course, with high quality content and with professionals who know a lot. Totally recommendable.
Its really useful and helpful.. It increased my basic knowledge and gave a vast idea at higher level on the topic..
Excellent Introduction to Cancer Biology. The language and teaching style is so easy to follow. Excellent material.
This course module of oncology is really well planned and very easy to learn for the students. Thanku coursera..!!
A course highly recommended to individuals who have a keen interest in exploring the basics about cancer biology,
The materials, the structure and the pace of the program was excellent. A great introduction course about cancer.
I'm biologist but I never scrutinize the cancer things. This course make me understand basic knowledge of cancer.
A great course for beginners who are interested in pursuing their carrier in cancer research and cancer biology.
A great cource! The flow of the cource and the explanations were superb. I loved it a lot. Thank you very much !
All the chapters of this course is good but the imaging chapter is not good and the tutor can not teach us well.
This course is very good for beginners and generating interest in this field. Would love to recommend to others.
Lecturer explain everything as detaily I am enjoying throughtout the course and learn more than what I expected
Really it was very helpful to gain lots of knowledge to start up my Carrier in this field. Thank you very much.
Very elaborate, straight to the point. I strongly recommend it to whosoever want to learn about cancer biology.
Excellent course, It will be very hard for them to outdo themselves on another course. Honestly, wonderful job.
Really interesting, I'm a medical student and all this information is actual and relevant. I loved the course.
It was a very helping course to understand all basics of cancers, very well explained, content is very useful.
Wonderful experience learning materials and quizzes were nice. Enjoyed and learned a lot about cancer staging
Well I have learned many things regarding cancer and different types of cancer and how should we treat cancer
The course was very interesting and engaging. I thoroughly enjoyed it. All the instructors were amazing !!!
extremely glad that I got a chane to study from Dr. Kenneth and his colleagues...It is a fantastic course.
Thank you! sir and mam for this wonderfull course i have learned this biology of cancer in a very easy way
Wonderful course, taking you into deep insights of the cancer biology and covers the whole idea of Cancer.
Very helpful introduction to major cancers in the US and across the world. Easy to understand and follow.
The excellent program offered by John Hopkins. Really delighted to be the part of this wonderful course.
Excellent course! Very well presented and easy to absorb. I love that you can complete on your own time.
The course has taught me great deal about cancer biology and has improved my career as I am a researcher
Very good course for students interested in cell Biology. The lecture are simple and easy to understand.
Very interesting for those that are not specialists and cancer and want to understand better it biology.
Great course, thank you very much! I hope to become a scientist and join you in the fight against cancer
Got a thorough understanding of how cancer spreads, how it can metastasis and the methods of treatment.
Nice introductory course with clear information. Looking forward to more advanced courses about cancer.
I was very much interested to learn about cancer biology. This course helped me to fulfill my curiosity
Fantastic course, even as a licensed clinician, learned quite a few things we hadn't covered in school.
until now very informational. the lecturers are very good and share the information in a enjoyable way.
I'm an undergraduate student interested in either life sciences of biology and I loved this course :))
This course was so useful as i'm pursuing my academics on medical nanotechnology and bio engineering.
I really learnt a lot from this superb course. The instructors are so knowledgeable and hard working.
A very complete journey into the knowledge and outcomes of cancer. Perfect for everyone starting out.
I did not think to find an on line free course about biology of cancer nonetheless this one is great.
Really informative course, enhanced my understanding about the general biology of cancer. Thank You!
A fantastically structured course. It is well simplified and the modules are strategically coherent.
Very good introduction, giving the basics to understand how cancer works, its imaging and treatment.
Great job! It's really good course, teachers gave us a actual and necessary information. Thank you!
This is a great introduction to cancer biology, it really helped me learn a lot! Thank you so much.
THIS COURSE HELPED ME A LOT IN INCREASING MY KNOWLEDGE AND UNDERSTANDING OF AND ABOUT THIS SUBJECT,
Very good course that explains accurately the incidence and seriousness of cancer in today's times.
It is a very interesting course that is exactly to the point and i feel that i'm really privileged.
This Course is so interesting , it is full of alot of treasures and alot of informations. Thank You
The course is good for new learners, lots of insights into cancer and helps understand the basics.
Great course, great motivatiin instruction,  now I must pursue more cancer-related learning venues
I just completed week one and I am thoroughly impressed with this course so far. Outstanding work!
the course is excellent and easy to learn, which added invaluable value to my professional level.
I have benefited a lot from this course and the instructors are doing Great job.Thanks so much :)
This course made me to boost my information in the field of cancer biology. Thank you very much.
Complete introductory course on biology of cancer. Well-explained video that cover ample topics
For an introductory course it is ok, i hoped for a bit more content but it is great nonetheless
this course is very useful and simple for anyone who wants to understand what the cancer it is.
Thoroughly inspired and loved the course. Exceeded my expectations and learnt a lot. Thank you!
One of best MOOCS on Cancer Biology. Go for it. It is really encouraging and I appreciatie it.
I've always loved oncology studies, so Johns Hopkins has great teachers who explain very well
This course deepened my understanding of what cancer is, how it spreads, and how its treated.
Its a great feeling to complete this course. I learn a lot of thing  about cancer. thank you
Nice course for people studying medicine, I really liked it, is very dinamic and not boring.
it is really organized well and i appreciated the lecture!! looking forward to the next one~
amazing course, thank you to all the teachers and nurses who helped me learn something new!
Very helpful course. It was very complete, it envolves various important matters in cancer.
Informative, well structured and clear objectives. Really enjoyed being part of it. thanks.
ONE OF THE BEST COURSE EVER! COURSE WAS SO INTERACTIVE WITH LOTS OF IMPORTANT INFORMATION!
This was an excellent course for people interested in learning about cancer. I enjoyed it.
Fabulous!!!Absolutely loved every bit ...was a great learning experience!!! Thank you ! :D
amazing course! it starts from the very basics and clears every concept in a lucid manner
Very helpful and well organized. It was a great experience  to hear all these scientists.
A great intro level course. Open the gate to dip deeper. Expecting the following courses.
It was  great to refresh and also learn some new thing.Overall a good learning expirence
Interesting, engaging, fulfilling, and descriptive! The whole package! 10/10 for sure :)
Really well made and very informative for people wanting to learn more about the cancer.
its really an amazing course with really great instructors thank you all for your effort
MUY BUENO Y COMPLETOSOLO ES NECESARIO QUE SE ANOTE EL VALOR CURRICULAR EN EL CERTIFICADO
It let me learn a lot about cancer's treatment, risk factors, preventions.....and so on.
One of the best but would have been more awesome and worthy if the quizzes were free too
Excellent topics and excellent teachers. Thanks for sharing with us all your knowledge.
it's a great course with very basic and important information ,, I really learned a lot
Interesting, informative and definitely have given me a better insight into the subject
It is an excellent course, Very Insightfull. Really Enjoyed learning and learned a lot
Highly sophisticated yet simple to understand course with amazing speakers! Thank you!
My experience throughout this course is just incredible .Thanks to all the mentors !!
This wonderful course i like this very much especially all the teachers are very best
Super stress of my mind about cancer is very much cleared am totally satisfied 😊😊😊
Nice course content, with full detailed course knowledge and good graded assignments.
This course is appropriate for people who want to learn about some aspects of cancer.
The knowledge I was aiming to obtain by joining this course exceeded my expectations.
It was an awesome experience and thank you for make my lockdown days more productive
It's a good course. You can understand all the contents with very shallow knowledge.
I'm very pleased to pass this good course and thanks for the certificate with honor
Effective course by a group of specialists changed my view about that field, thanks
Great introduction to better understanding cancer and it treatments and challenges.
give more details on the treatment ... or make another module for the treatment ...
it was very useful course , i  learnt new topics about cancer . Really very useful
This was extremely helpful and enjoyable to learn. Thank you so much to the team !
best course ever learn, very specific, very manginificant and explained perfectly.
i liked the content and the method of teaching all my thanks to course instructors
Thank u for giving a attractive lecture and it really heIp me for future research.
Very excellent introduction to the biology of cancer from a high level University.
thanks for your sincere efforts in putting this course. Absolutely recommended :)
It is one of the best courses I've taken in my career, I get a lot of knowledge.
This was a very well structured course to the basic aspects of cancer! Well done
I have clearly understood the baiscs of cancer biology, diagnosis and treatment.
It is a very interesting course which explicitly explains the biology of cancer.
I highly recommend this course to those who wish to major in biology or medicine
Excellent overview of the subject, not difficult to follow and very informative.
This course is so helpful to understand every single detail related with cancer
This course is really very useful to understand the deep knowledge about cancer
a very good eye opener. i enjoyed and had a great experience with thew content.
I enjoyed this course. The content and delivery were professional and engaging.
the course is very informative and interesting ..also presentation is very good
Very good for beginners who have no inkling to cancer biology at the slightest.
It was one of the best courses I've done. The professors have a great didatic.
I honesty got to know much about cancer..and this course was really helpful..
a great course, with knowledge very interesting and new for general physician
A magnificent course for anyone willing to know more on the basics of cancer
I am very glad after doing this course this course will elp me in my future.
It is a great course i recommended to every one wants to know about cancer.
It was very nice and helpful for me, though at the last it was a bit tough.
awesome! it was really helpfull to keep learning and growing in my carreer!
A great and comprehensive course covering all the basic concepts of cancer!
The course is excellent! With he could improve and discover new knowledge.
Special thanks to doctor Kenneth J.Pienta.. Great course Thank you so much
excellent contents with informative knowledge for beginners in this fields
Super informative and not not terribly challenging if you put in the work.
it is very informative and useful course for me many thanks for all of you
provides basic information about about cancer . very nice course to study
Very informative. I learned a lot about the way cancer grows in the body.
Very informative lesson and gives you a good overview of the top cancers
This course is awesome because it covered almost every aspect of cancer.
I really Gave me a lot of basic information i need to go onto the domain
Great introductory class that covers the basics of more complex topics.
Concise and Perfectly Structured. LOVED THIS COURSE FROM TOP TO BOTTOM.
Best course ever ... Informative one I enjoy while learning this course
An Easy way to start the study of Oncology :) Excellent for medstudents
Very good course, explaining basic mechanisms of cancer. I recomend it.
It was easy to understand and very helpful. Thank you soo much coursera
Really great for people who want to start in the cancer research domain
Complete for being just an Introduction. It made me want and learn more
Its quite a easy course for someone who's having a medical background.
I like this course very much. I have got extra knowledge about cancer.
When will course certificates, with the Liver Challenge be available?
It's very interesting field and got full fledged basic idea of cancer
It was a great course which really enriched my knowledge about cancer
i want to study more about cancer and this course give me that chance
fantastic and amazing course, which helps me a lot understand cancer
Great course. Highly qualified teachers and very interesting classes
This is awesome course,i've learn. Course content is well organised.
A very intriguing course and has helped me understand cancer better.
That´s a great one,  It just bad I could not take the quiz for free.
Very impressive course and has improved my knowledge about cancers.
very good course .benifit and more helpfull in our life and studies
IT WAS REALLY HELPFUL TO GAIN SO MUCH KNOWLEDGE FROM ALL EXPERTS..
This course was amazing and very helpful. I highly recommended it.
I'm happy to find such an interesting course. Thank you very much!
Just the right difficulty, engaging and comprehensive. Great job!
Thank you for guiding and teaching me. It was a great experience.
A very interesting and informative course, would highly recommend
What a great course to learn very informative and well designed .
Top course, very interesting and informative. Highly recommended!
Great course, which I would like to have a complementary course.
This course was really very helpful. It was easy to understand .
THANKYOU FOR PROVIDING THE ASPIRING STUDENTS TO GAIN INFORMATION
I really enjoyed the course, it gave me a different perspective.
Great course! I learned a lot. Format and pacing were excellent.
It is very useful. And thank you for sharing information with me
An easy to follow but thorough course. Engaging and interesting.
Love it, easy to use and understand too. Definitely recommend it
Very informative and helpful to both students and professionals.
The course help me to know more about the treatments fo cancer.
I find this to be a very informative and well presented course.
really it was a fruitful course , hope you make an advanced one
Such a wonderful lecture to learn about cancer and treatments.
I have learnt to identify the major types of cancer worldwide.
I highly recommend this course. I learned a lot of new things.
wonderful courses and lot of knowledge obtained in this course
Excellent course!! All concepts are explained from the basics
It is very much informtaive and wonderful course for research
Very good course! Congratulation to PhD Pienta and his group.
Informative and helpful for those who are intersted in cancer
Im appreciate in this course because i learn a lot of things
It's a great course, and I'll do the tecahers are excellent!
It's an amazing course with a proper layout of the syllabus.
It was really great and useful i liked it and enjoyed it too
Great Course for learning Cancer as an introductory course.
This was an awesome course to study about basics of cancer!
It was really complete and the topics explained dynamically
Excellently presented, ideal video length, good instructors
It was very informative and was easy nd quiet understadable
Wonderful introduction to cancer and how this disease works
A very precise course to Cancer biology. Really explanatory
This course was really good, and I learned a lot. Thanks!!!
great course with amazing clear explanation and directions
Its an awesome courseLearning many things regarding cancer
I'm very grateful for this interestiong course, Thank you!
It was really interesting and helpful. Thank you so much!
Loved this course so much. Thank you for your knowledge!!
I thoroughly enjoyed the content and pace of this course.
It was really wonderful learning from Dr. Kenneth Pienta
It is very helpfull course i learn alot of thing from it
Good course to familiarize yourself with cancer biology.
An excellent course for reviewing the basics of oncology
A wonderful course to get started or polish the concept.
Hello
Thank you to everyone who excelled in this course
Very Interesting aspects of Cancer Biology for students
Wonderful course that interested me and fed my passion.
really thank you very much I am thankful of that course
An excellent course for Biology of cancer fundamentals.
VERY INFORMATIVE AND ALL CONCEPTS WAS CLEARLY EXPLAIN.
Awesome course by john Hopkins professior and coursera
Very informative course with high quality information
It is a good course for beginner, I like this course.
it was helpful. helped to clear all basics of cancer.
Great course given by great specialists in the field.
Really helpful in getting ahead with cancer research.
I liked this course, thanks for teachers that made it
I have learned about the biology and cause of cancer
I really this course. I happy all time when I study.
An excellent and intriguing course. Well structured.
good course for the ardent learners and beginners .
They explained very well, thanks for the hard work!
This was a very interesting and more useful section
great course everything is explained in perfect way
i think this is avery good course  thank you for it
Great course - well designed and very interesting.
it was a great course with a very rich information
Depth and volume of information perfectly balanced
Amazing course explaining the concepts of cancer.
very useful and informative and help me in future
Awesome, informative, useful, easy to understand!
Simple yet very informative & descriptive course!
Enriching experience for the adventurous student.
Great introductory overview of a complex disease.
The course is very much informative and helpful.
GREAT COURSE. VERY DIDACTIC. TOTALLY RECOMMENDED
Comprehensive overview of the biology of cancer!
Learnt alot from this course thank you coursera
Great overview of cancer and cancer treatments.
This is a very interesting course. I recommend.
Thanks professors. Great course & good efforts.
The course is really Awesome. Helped me a lot.
This is amazing to learn about cancer biology.
Great course, which provides basics of cancer.
Cleared up many things and put them in context
Coursera is very useful to us to learn biology
It is a good course! Please include Leukemia!!
Easy to follow entry level course. Good job :)
brief and easy course with useful information
A very good introduction into cancer biology.
ITS REALLY KNOWLEDGEABLE COURSE.....THANK YOU
Excellent and highly informative. Thank you.
It is a good course and east to understand.
Very helpful and easy to understand course.
It was an amazing course!Thank you Coursera
good for basic knowledge in cancer biology.
Easy to follow and full of basic knowledge.
Very excellent.Thanks to these professors.
Great experience while learning new things
Very useful any knowledge acquiring course
there should be more videos on this topic
Excellent lecturers, thank you very much.
it was very useful and easy to understand
Easy to understand and interesting topics
Worth the time to learn from this course.
Perfect! Thank YOU all for your supports!
Great course! Easy to understand jargons!
Excellent introduction to subject matter.
Thank you very much for the opportunity!
Very informative and easy to understand.
It was pretty informative and well made
I learned many skills from these course
awesome course with clear explanations.
Clear, thorough and interesting course!
Best source for learning about cancer.
It was really helpful and interesting.
Very interesting information.Thank you
Excellent course, very well structured
Very well structured and informative.
very informative and skillfull course
Good course help me a lot in my study
Great course, beyond my expectations.
Very informative, easy to understand.
Well structured, amazing instructors!
very useful for the career in health
Thnaks a lot to all instructors 🥰👍
Great Course, enjoyed it thoroughly.
Its very informative for my studies
Super informative and interesting !
Great course!  Learnt a great deal.
amazing review of Cancer as it is .
A good course about cancer Biology
Very informative course, Thank you
it was so informative and fruitful
Thanks, it was a excellent course.
Interesting and informative course
excellent opportunity for learning
had a great learning with courser.
Excellent, illuminating, enriching
Excellent course, very insightful
Best faculties and best teachings
I so happy to enjoyed this course
This is amzingly good and helpful
Very useful and knowledgeable one
Advanced course I want to avail.
indeed a very informative course
Excellent and informative course
Indeed, it is a wonderful course
Nice cource & interesting cource
It is a nice course for everyone
It was a great course! Thank you
Nice course!! Really helpful!!!!
thank you very much stay blessed
its a big platfrom for students.
love  this course great teachers
the course was very informative
The material is very important.
Nice course full of information
I've learned a lot - thank you!
very good learning  experiance
good insight on Cancer biology
INFORMATIVE AND GOOD TO FOLLOW
Very good overview with depth.
Useful for health professions!
Great course and very helpful
it was simply amazing, thanks
It’s very amazing and helpful
thnk you , i am realy enjoyed
Too good . Very informative .
Excellent professor and team!
Good, crisp and to the point.
very nice introduction course
Very nicely organized course.
i like this course very much
Good To Know Unknown Points.
Excellent! Very interesting!
Great !!! I learned so much!
i love this course very much
very interesting course..!!!
This was an awesome course!
Perfect course very helpful
Excellent,thanks very much.
Exemplary and informative.
Amazing course! I love it!
A must course for students
great course for bignners
It's a very useful course
It's a wonderful courses.
I very liked this course!
Good topic great teachers
a rally good introduction
Excellent course, thanks!
it is very useful course
it was really helpful !!
It was really great!!!!!
really fantastic lecture
amazing and interesting
Nice informative course
amazing course ..thanks
very intresting course
Very informal course.
the best lecture ever
A introduction course
Good study are there
Wonderful course!!!
it really helped me
I really enjoyed it
more than excellent
Lots of useful info
It is informative.
intresting course
love this course!
i love the cource
Very informative,
Very High Quality
AWESOME COURSE .
very Knowledgble
It was Great!😍
Perfect!!!!!!!!
awsome course
Good Course!!
thank so much
It'sgood
hermoso
Perfect
