Unfortunately, I think this class missed the mark.  Though the explanation of the RAPID model was adequate, I don't think the assessments were consistent with the material (mentioning a topic in a slide is not discussing it).  When taking the assessment, if I get a wrong answer, explain why it's wrong in the review.  Let the assessment continue to be a learning tool - otherwise it's trial and error.  I thought the videos were incredibly outdated and showed little practical application.  The vignettes were probably the most helpful, however I don't feel adequately prepared for deployment.  That is, what does actual deployment look like?  It was stated in one of the last sessions that we should expect 8-15 victims/day - what does that truly look like?  One person in a gym with one client doesn't give me the "feel."  I would have liked to see a typical setup for PFA responders, show the chaos vs. organization, the panic vs. calm, the typical vs. atypical.  Lastly, what does it look like when a PFA responder encounters a case s/he cannot/should not handle?  Are there psychologists available?  What does that transition look like - how is that handled?
This course contained some interesting material.  However the main video case study I thought was pointless because it involved interviews with people well after an event, who had clearly had plenty of time to process their experiences (and seemed to have done a great job at doing so).  How is this hindsight approach relevant to providing immediate first aid?  I also found the dramatised videos featuring George really cringy. He started 'engaging' with the client before offering a chair, a drink and something to eat! Sometimes I felt what he said was actually presumptuous, eg telling her that there were other ways to keep the memories, instead of asking her for her own ideas on how to do this. It also appalled me that he accepted that she would revisit the house but didn't ask her if she had a family member or friend to go with her.  It might not even have been safe to go back, but he didn't seem to think of that!  So maybe this course partly didn't work for me because I am British and we have cultural differences in how we handle crises and emotions. We offer hospitality and time first and don't interrogate people. But I also felt on a fundamental level it didn't emphasise basic agency and choice nearly enough. And finally, to the lecturer, I would say that there's no need to repeatedly say that you've been doing something for 40 years. Disappointing.
Very superficial course
Good afternoon.I have completed the course using a promotion but I still didn't get my certificateI would appreciate if you look into this matter and provide me a certificate ASAP.I got more than 80% marks in each quiz but I don't know why you people didn't showed a certificate at the end of the course. I hope you look forward into this matter and meet my demands..Thank you
Poorly structured.  "Quizzes" often don't relate to material covered in class.  Embarrassing politicization of the course material.  Buggy software interface.  Would not recommend.
They charged me 2000 rupees during the start and they expect me to pay the same during the end. This course is a scam. Not recommending it ti anyone.
Very bad. They offered a free certificate during quarantine but did not deliver. Wasn't expecting this kind of non professional behavior.
It is too hard for me, it wont let me refund even tho it has been a few days
Irrelevant to what I actually wanted to learn
really useless and awkward.
Bored!
Many disasters hit marginalized groups disproportionately yet the course didn’t take any sort of diversity, equity, inclusion elements into consideration (self awareness of the first responder and their privilege, etc.)
I found the instructor very  condescending. The quiz questions were sometimes odd.
Dry, outdated.
This is good course & useful for natural disaster time but based on free offer(Coursera Together: enroll today and get this course for free.Your discount will be applied automatically at checkout. Offer is subject to change and valid through 12/31/20.) I've completed this course & obtained 97% Marks too but iam not able to retrive my certificate, asking for  payment. Iam waiting my review marks reply.
For me the class was very boring, and difficult to stay engaged. The information is interesting, but it is presented in a way that is not engaging.
The instructor did warn that this was a rudimentary course, and as such, it was satisfying. I believe most of the important topics were explained, and in an appropriate manner. Some of the tools presented were new to me, and that was good. However, I think the course had flaws, especially topics that were not looked at, and that I believe are essential, even for a rudimentary course. These are: How does PFA change when dealing with children? Children tend to be ignored in many studies and fields, and this course makes no difference for PFA with children, who will not understand the same things adults will, or respond in the same ways. The approach must be changed (usage of playful activities as a means of assessment, and psychoeducadtion of their parents or tutors, for example).Along that same line, how does PFA change when dealing with other populations with different characteristics, and perhaps, higher vulnerabilities? Elderly populations, people with cognitive or physical disabilities, empoverished communities, people already dealing with loss and mourning, for example. This does include gender specifics by case: are there any differences when dealing with men or women, being a man or woman yourself? Or any other gender you or the other person identifies with.There should be a huge emphasis on differences in the approach by culture - cultural sensibility. The course seems to be western-centric, and makes no emphasis on the differences of people in different cultures, when that is a factor that affects the whole lifestyle of the person, and should be on the radar of the person giving PFA. At least a note should be made to remind students that this is an important factor that should be looked into in every event.Aspects in the shape of PFA. What about physical contact? How should you gesture to show empathy? Tone of voice, sitting position, eye contact, note taking, possibility of doing PFA in pairs or group settings, etc.? In this regard, I will assume that the fact he was acting had an effect on George´s performance, but his responses with Gina seemed mechanical and cold.Connecting the person to other people. Should you, and how should you talk to the person´s social support network (in the case that that is a possibility), as well as other people that might help them.I also think a basic course on PFA should delve somewhat deeper in the intervention and follow up parts. It seemed too rush. I would prefer a course that was slightly longer to be able to do that.Again, it was satisfactory. It was a good rudimentary course, however incomplete.
The references to videos for the mistakes I made during the quiz were totally wrong. I understand they are beta-tested, but they misled, that's the point. And the guidance in getting the right responses to the quizzes is absent. I wonder if which is the bigger problem - the interface of the course, or that some quiz items are just unclear and ambiguous?
Pros: Great content taught by a well-educated professor. Demonstration videos were done well. Good for active learners to introduce them to topics they can research further.Cons: The visuals could use work. The majority of the vital information is presented as a slideshow with uniform text. I also found some of the quiz questions a little verbose and/or unclear.
A lot of the lectures felt repetitive; the ability to skip half of the lecture material and still receive a perfect score on the assessments is concerning, because I would prefer that time spent learning NOT be spent listening to constant repeated information.
The course was ok. It was a bit esoteric rather than providing practical based information and this was reflected in the evaluation techniques of the quizzes.
It kind of sums up to "Don't be a jerk. This is how you don't be a jerk."
I thought the instructor was good, interesting, and professional.  I did learn some things, but it was beyond rudimentary.  For instance, the simulations dealt with only one situation, in which "Gina" was only mildly distressed to begin with (almost "eustressed" to use my new vocabulary).  A variety of situations would have been much better.  Also, the real life video, about the fire and those who experienced it, was fine, only the professor never weighed in or discussed the assessment and prioritization of the different people.  I really missed this, because this one incident would have covered a lot of the ground that I missed in the simulations.  On the whole, I believe you could have put in a good deal more work in order to make this a stellar course, without making it much longer or impossibly difficult for beginners.
The information contained in the course was very valuable to anyone dealing with victims of highly stressful events.I personally found the scenarios to be too forced, un natural.The real life footage and the feedback from actual victims /first responders was excellent.The assessment questions were the main reason for not awarding more stars. I found many to be ambiguous, perhaps equivocal. There was, in my opinion, too much emphasis on definition of terminology.Some of the dialogue was too saccharine for our culture (Australia) -for example I could never use the phrase"May I reach out to you?"Overall ,thank you for some excellent thought provoking information. Well done.
It is a good course and foundation for PDF.I think you push & consist to make it in RAPID acronym !such as Assessment and Prioritization can be in a one phase.Prioritization sometimes were mentioned as Triage (which is easier but T letter is not RAPID)introducing so many tools were confusing me, e.g. i don't know what to use Risk or Evidence based in prioritizationthe scenario was Awesome, course language was clear but too many tools were confusing.Finally, I would like to thank you so much for making this important course available.
The course overall is good. I thought it would be more about PTSD and helping those who have went through a psychological hardship personally, not necessarily about big disasters such as fires, terrorist attacks and other things. Overall the course was cool but I wouldn't say it was the most immersive or the most impressive course I've taken. I'd do it if you are interested in the topic and the amount of time it took was roughly nothing (about 4-6 hours).
The MCQ quizzes could use work. I felt that the quizzes were too short and the options and questions themselves gave hints to what the answers might be, which I feel may put into question the validity of grades. I think that I was able to score higher than I should have because of this. Adding more questions per quiz and altering the options to make it a little tougher would definitely bump my review to a 5 star. Course material is excellent though.
The general premise of the course is one that I think is important to address, but I expected more from a Johns Hopkins course. Even for a rudimentary course, there was a lot of repetition. The professor was not that engaging and the slides that accompanied the lectures were dry and didn't add anything to the material itself. Some of the quiz questions were awkwardly worded. I learned a little from the course, but I had expected much more.
material was interesting and relevant.  Module quizzes were worded in confusing terms.  Questions seemed more based on verbiage than on an understanding of the concepts learned. The course gave me an overview but doesn't leave me feeling confidence in moving forward into this arena.  I would need more follow-up training and practice before considering entry level situations requiring these skills
The information was extremely valuable and very well explained, but the presentation was unappealing and not very engaging. Personally, a person reading a slide is the easiest way to lose me. Also I would have appreciated more than one example of intervention, instead of reviewing the same one over and over. Nevertheless, I am very grateful this course exists.
Course content and presentation was very good. Thanks a lot to the instructor. But I was little disappointed to see that the certificate was not well-designed. The long note at the bottom was out of the lower border. Please redesign it so that I can download a nice certificate. https://coursera.org/share/90cc8f3ac41b67191eb3d5430f38f548
I don't have any background in psychology but interested to learn more about them through this course, plus the host is famous university. The video lectures of this course are quite boring; slow pace, flat facial expression, and without proper intonation but I like the simulation provided, it helps me understand in contextual terms.
Very in depth look into psychological first-aid. The presenter was extremely well informed on the subject, and the simulations and tests allowed for learners to remain attentive and engaged. My only qualm was the length of some of the videos (as it is often difficult to concentrate for long periods of time)
I was disappointed that I had no course certificate, even though I already completed all the tasks and fulfilled all requirements, I think there was a bug in their system. It made me really disappointed because I had an interest in the course also.
Firstly i would to very very much thankful to this course.it help me in Many problem.this is a very fantastic course for everyone, I would like to suggest everyone to do this course,it is brain storming courses...Thank u 😊😘😊😍😊😍
I found the course good overall, but the tempo was a bit slow for me and I thought that the online lectures could have been provided in a shorter period of time. Ideal for a beginner, but I had some previous experience with PFA.
I would of gave 4 or 5 but with my own PTSD/Anxiety/Depression some things were harder for me to understand and focus but i feel i leave the course with much more skill for others and a small boost for my self thank you!!
Very beginner-oriented. The course content is excellent, however it is something that anyone with a basic medical degree might already know. Would have liked some more depth.
The lectures and the course were well-structured. However, it could've been tried to make it slightly more entertaining and/or to improve the outlook of the course.
Some of the quiz questions referred to the subsequent lecture as opposed to the previous ones. Was hard to answer questions that were not taught.
Not so much could practice right away. Too many big words. But the stimulation is really helpful.
Was slow even at 1.5 speed but some good introductory info for those interesting in the topic
Needs more material and more information on how to implement the information in the field.
More situational examples could have been presented that are different in nature.
The professor was very dry, but it is good information to know.
Its very informative and useful for all health care providers.
I've learned alot of this prior to taking this vourse.
Good but a little repetitive and at times boring.
Not enough psychological things..
very informati
I think it would be really helpful to show some examples of how a person might present who is more of a threat, more agitated, more volatile, more dangerous so people are better able to recognize when they aren't suited to do triage or need to escalate more immediately and seek out help. Perhaps this is more a topic for a next level course - but I think it's really important. A lot of well meaning people aren't necessarily the best at recognizing the signs, especially when subtle, that someone is decompensating and/or escalating, which can happen quickly. This would serve as a juxtaposition to the existing case, which is great. I also wish there was a follow-up breakdown video about the chosen triage for the "Ashes" folks, I think that would be the most helpful for those of us who already have some experience in this realm. Admittedly, as someone with very limited free time I did the whole course in one day, instead of over weeks, so perhaps that would be what comes up in the forum. But I was hoping for a breakdown of that video specifically, which I think would have been excellent to watch. Perhaps that's a next-level item as well, but...So I'm hoping you will make an advanced course or point to resources that can provide next level training. I've done some of the FEMA courses but would love more geared toward this in particular. Given my training, I may be more likely to be someone they escalate to, and offering a course for those who oversee people doing frontline PFA could be helpful.
This was a good course filled with great information and various techniques I think are useful in everyday life as well as in disasters. I do feel like the concepts could have been explained better and I would have liked more elaboration on certain things that are in the assessments. I struggled quite a bit in the assessments, especially with questions regarding the simulations with Gina. I felt like I had a good understanding of what was being taught until did my assessments and received a low grade. I personally would prefer if things were slightly more spelled out for us so that there is less to intuit. I also prefer reading the transcripts along with watching the videos as I learn better that way, but I don't feel like the transcripts for this course were written well or had good grammatical structure. I often had to go over things many times, or refer again to the video, to understand certain points. For example, I feel that in transcripts it's unnecessary to always directly quote each and every word being said by the speaker like the following, "...and, and, you know, this is, this is something very important..." but rather typing "...and you know, this is something very important..." would make as much sense and be easier to read and digest.
Very, very good course. The teacher did a marvelous job with this course, the understanding behind it, and the wrong and right way to address a situation with excellent examples of how saying certain things can have a bad outcome. Only thing I think would have made it better, or more interesting would be more student-to-student assignments, and some peer discussion with personal examples. But I am really glad I took this.
This course gives an introduction to a PFA, something I had zero prior knowledge of.  One should treat this course purely as that, and introduction which is what I was chasing.  Further learning and experience would be needed if you want to apply PFA completely yourself.  That said it does give you snippets of useful actions/responses that can be applied in general life.The presenter is very articulate and pleasant to listen to.In regards to the presentation of the material a couple of comments. 1. The simulation videos are a good attempt to demonstrate how, and how not to, engage.  They are simplistic / sanitized to a fair degree without considering a lot of other environmental factors  (like pople showing real distress in background perhaps, a setting that isnt so clean and ordered, dealing with kids, seeing physical injuries etc)  BUT to do so could have drawn attention away from the core basic message. 2. The main case study type video.  The issue of it being old is not a problem, but it didnt involve actualy discussions with people immediately after the event, rather these were all some time after the event.  These people have moved on (one way or another) from PFA already.3. Speaking of Videos.  Although lecturer introduces each lecture on video himeslef, the main lecture videos are just going through slides.  This is less engaging4. The content was good for a first timer.A number of others reviews have given a more detailed critique of where the course should have gone.  I recommend reading one  By Fernando H C, April 2020 (Filter for 3 stars) which is a very insightful and useful review
This course is a good starting point for those without experience in mental health care but want to show up and be there for their communities. It is well designed to meet the course objectives. Reflective listening and assessment of needs are relatively easy to understand, but the course could  include more case studies, and more complex case studies, to facilitate the learning of prioritisation (triage) and intervention, as these two aspects are harder to imagine or relate to, for people like me without field experience. The course is meant to be general and introductory, but more emphasis on how PFA changes when working with populations with different characteristics, would be more inclusive and beneficial to everyone, for example children and elderly, people with disabilities, people from non-western/ westernized cultures, groups that are already marginalized or traumatized to begin with. Even if no explicit guidance could be provided because the topic may be too complex for a beginners level course, at the very least, an emphasis just to raise awareness, and some further reading material, are necessary.
It was concise but certainly informative to learn and understand the techniques involved in PFA. For those with a background in psychology, the course will be an "add-on" to your knowledge on a method that is slightly distinctive from those that we might learned in therapy (especially in terms of PFA's goals and applications of techniques). The course will outline the difference between clinical psychological help vs. PFA - and that will be the crux of the difference between the two. One thing that I hope can be improved in the future is that, in assessment quizzes, when choosing an incorrect answer, I'd appreciate an explanation on why that answer is wrong - especially on question that requires analysis and application of the techniques taught. In my personal experience, it is often due to a lack of understanding on what might set the two techniques a part - rooted in an inability  to distinguish their difference. Hence, an explanation can be helpful. Regardless, it has been an interesting!
Thanks to John Hopkins University and Professor George Everly (PhD) for providing a dice for such a Beautiful learning. I completed the Certificate course selection successfully.
Also thanks to #Coursera for bring this
The information, simulations and assessments all worked perfectly and now I feel better prepared for any sort of adversity and eager to help those in need.
It has helped me a lot to gain a whole view on the best way to help others when they are facing psychological distress situations. This can help me on my work environment.
I am happy to know some techniques which can help me help others.
The way Dr. George Everly explains the contents of the course is beautiful, easy to understand. Even the tone of his voice makes easy to follow him and listening to him.The fact that there are transcripts helped me a lot incase I would not understand something (my mother tongue is not English).
This is a great next class after an Intro to Psych. It really focuses on being strong mentally and following the RAPID model appears to be a proven approach to the assessment process, providing a direct way to provide assistance in the least amount of time possible. The first and most important thing is the victim/patient receive immediate and direct care as quickly as possible. Because of the model, a lot is repetitious and it was easy to shift my attention for portions of it, (I understand that some people learn by repetition and it is important to review the information). I definitely found the area of self care important in a perspective I hadn't thought of before.  I appreciate that and what I did learn from this course.  Besides the repetition and sometimes quick speaking of the Professor, overall, It was a great course!
The subject matter of
this course was very interesting, and definitely applicable by large layers of
the population. Given the importance of knowing how to do psychological first
aid and how to do it well, I wish the instructor would have spent more time going
into more detail in each of
the five stages of RAPID. I
felt that the course provided a very good overview of the Johns Hopkins model,
but didn't delve deep enough into its actual implementation; in other words,
the course provides the skeleton of PFA, but could benefit from fleshing it out
a bit by discussing specific instructors, protocols, and techniques.
Either way, the course has been helpful in showing that this is an area of
interest where I would like to do some more work, so thank you for that!
This course was interesting and engaging. It certainly delivered what it promised, a course in PFA (RAPID model) intended for those without much of a mental health background. While I completed the course with enhanced knowledge and more confident in my ability deliver PFA to those in acute distress, I would've appreciated more detailed explanations in how to carry out some of the steps of the RAPID model. I also would've benefited from seeing more simulations, either of different situations or of different responses to the same situation, rather than viewing the same simulation repeatedly. Ultimately, I am glad I took the course and received the certification. I would recommend taking it if you have the time.
The course was very brief and very direct to the point. I think my only problem was that the teaching was done in a very dull manner–just showing PowerPoint slides and explaining what's on it. That aside, I really appreciated that they would show a simulation every time a lecture would finish, so you understand how it can be applied or observed. Though the course is not directly related to my field, I feel that I've gained a new sense of appreciation for Psychological First Aid (PFA) because they were able to really emphasize the need for it during the lectures. I really hope more people can take this, because it'd really help improve your capacity to help other people especially in times of crisis.
I found the course informative, interesting and well presented, with two exceptions:a. There was some use of profession-specific terminology/jargon, which is problematic when addressing a target audience from outside the same profession.b. It is repeatedly stated in the course that no two interventions are done the same, and yet only one intervention simulation is used. I would have liked to see multiple simulations covering a range of possible interactions, to afford a more comprehensive understanding of survivor reactions and appropriate intervention responses.All in all, I thoroughly enjoyed the course and found myself eager, at the end of each lesson, to get stuck into the next.
I think for someone who has not studied Psychology this course is a very nice introduction on how to approach and priotize needs of someone in a crisis. As I have studied Psychology, I have to say that most of the knowledge conveyed was fimiliar to me. Also the material is sometimes not that well presented. The videos are short but it would have felt more "interactive" if there would be a visible professor speaking or if sometimes there would be pop-up questions on what has been said so far in the video. But all in all I had the feeling to do some revision which is valuable and I did not specifically know the RAPID model, so I had a little gain in knowledge. Thank you!
Essential information presented in a clear and accessible manner.  Would benefit from a more engaging presentation method like more video of the speaker.  If slides are to be used exclusively, incorporate color and a more attractive layout.Actor simulations achieved their goal but were unnecessarily slow-paced.The disaster video clips were a powerful element and a critical tool that brought all the content together and illustrated many concepts and circumstances discussed.  I'm glad there was so much of it to review and that the speakers (storm victims) varied considerably in demographics, emotional reactions, language used, and in their responses to memories.
Very useful and applicable to real life (even if the trauma is not a huge common disaster, but more personal in someone's life).  Professor calm and easy to understand.  I didn't give five stars because the materials and lectures seem dated (there is a point where it becomes clear that the material is more than ten years old) and more efforts could be made to make the talks more animated or add to the slides with graphics (e.g. take a look at the graphics in the 'Introduction to Negotiation' course offered by Yale).  But overall fulfilled my wishes to take a class which is relevant for my professional further development requirements.
Great course! Sometimes it got a little bit boring and in the next moment the important information was too fast spoken to me (no native speaker) - but i enjoyed, that some complicated sentecnes have always been repeated in more simple language without too many foreign words! I also enjoyed the videos with the false/correct methods which were shown. Dr. Everly has a good voice and pronaunciation, so that i was able to listen. also great, that the quiz has no timelimit, like questions need to be anwered in 3 minutes, because i had to translate a view words into german to understand the questions and this needs time. thanks!
The information was presented in a clear and organized way.  I found it a little dry at first, since seeing nothing but static slides didn't feel very engaging but later the content got more interesting. I think the course could be improved with added visuals illustrating the key points on each slide. Every person learns differently and some people absorb new information more easily from image or graphics s rather than plain text. Also, as another reviewer noted, I  found it amusing how many times Dr. Everly repeats that he's been doing this for over 40 years. Overall a very good course and I appreciate that it's free.
Personally, I found the course really interesting and engaging. The simulations provided along with the quizzes really made me grasp the concept. It's a great introductory course for beginners in the field as it gives a basic outline of what should happen, but it doesn't provide details for those looking for how to actually provide psychological first aid. (Also, if you're a mental health student or practitioner looking to further you're knowledge, this is not the course for you. In the introduction, it's explicitly stated that this course is aimed for NON-MENTAL health workers with no background in mental health.)
Seems to cover what would be needed in the psychological field, also does a good job in establishing that this is a bit different than therapy, even though there will be plenty of overlap. Being a recent graduate, there were concepts I already knew, however, the experience brought to the table helped me to consider some more of the practical considerations that are necessary for being involved in people's lives like we aim to do. Was a little difficult watching the videos about how not to help someone and I would have appreciated more than one example of how to do it right. Solid foundations to build on overall.
some answers in the quizzes were not at all covered in the material, for example question about evidence based intervention and in the field trauma intervention. the questions were ambigious to me. the score should be 70% to pass, not 80%. Questions were confusing and I learned more from George's dialogue than from any slides or badly formulated, irrelevant quizzes.  the question were taken from other modules sometimes not relevant to the module in test. The questions were chaotic. I liked the honesty, committment and humanity of Georgre Everly the most. His attitude was humble and true to the core. thank you.
Fairly well presented and taught. Knowledge provide is quite important and useful. However, actual skills and experience is important for PFA and online lectures without practice limits the value of the learning. Might help to include some form of roleplay involvement on the part of students, although this is admittedly difficult to execution online. However, a fairer critique would be that the module on self-care can afford to be more in-depth. Perhaps methods of self-care could be shared, as well as the value of reflection and debriefing.
I am very satisfied with the course
I point out the lack of the Italian language as an option of choice.
I'm sorry I have certainly lost the depth and meaning of some language barrier teachings. I believe this was the source of my mistakes.
Given the excellence of the course, I invite you to include the Italian language ..... we are not many in the world ... but we are a people open to learning and inclined to relationships and exchange therefore it is a pity that the Italian language does not is covered in your course.
Good introduction to the psychological first aid (PFA). This is the first time I took a course like this. It was ver informative. The speaker introduced RAPID model for PFA and went into detail of each of the steps of the RAPID model. Also provided is simulations of right and wrong ways of using the techniques learnt, which was really informative. Overall, course is great, me bring a beginner in this field. The course is short, and concise and to the point. Thanks Dr. Everly, John Hopkins, and Coursera for the course.
This was an excellent course. It provided a basic understanding of PFA, going through the John's Hopkins RAPID model for treating someone in acute psychological distress. I got a lot more out of the course than I intended. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I am still not quite sure I could go into the field right now and utilize the skills I learned in class. While the fact-based knowledge obtained in class was superior, I wish there was a way to practice. Thank you, Dr. Everly for a wonderful course!
Learning videos & information is very good. I got frustrated with the language used & how quiz questions were phrased & had to redo quizzes several times.  I had to write out each question & the answers, making note of my guesses for when I re-took tests. Very time consuming.Also was looking to pay for the certificate, but was unable to see where to do it at end.Thank you for making this course available to us, as I work for a tight budgeted nonprofit helping the houseless community.
I liked all the content though I thought presentation of it was a bit boring, a lot of the what not to do examples were a bit obvious or extreme rather than attempting to shed light on the subtle mistakes one might be inclined to do. Some of the quiz questions seemed almost purposefully confusing or worded in a trick way, which felt a little pointless. Otherwise I've enjoyed everything I've learned and would definitely take another PFA course, maybe a level 2 or something.
I am psychology student and this course was very helpful to understand the basic things like active listening, forming rapport etc. Psychological First Aid is really a very interesting topic to study and to understand, not only for mental health or social workers but for everyone who wish to know about psychological first aid. The simulation videos were very helpful to understand practically. Thank you George sir to guide us through out the course.
I think it is definitely a good introduction to psychological first aid. However, the topics weren't discussed in-depth and there were a lot of lingering questions by the end of each module. It would be great to see more examples presented instead of just 1 simulation if possible. If you are looking for something much more informational or detailed, you might probably want to read the book at your own pace or take a more advanced course.
I thought this course was extremely interesting and useful for people potentially going into healthcare. I am also a leader for an outdoor education group and am grateful to have these tools now in case anything happens while we are in the field. I feel better prepared for my future in medicine and the outdoors! My only critique is that the slides were very boring and I often found it hard to keep focused. Other than that, it was great!
I really liked, the simulations and the way Prof. George explained was very clear, slowly, good pronunciation. The best were the simulations, made me feel like in a kind of lab. It was very nice. THANK YOU PROF. GEORGE AND TEAM.Suggestions: Maybe the ppt was a little boring in the part of the sentences, about video making I suggest to improve it with some techniques like the Mooc from Barbara Oakley Mindshift Mc Master University.
I enjoyed this course thoroughly. I would have liked some more video to watch. For eg: video of a person who is dysfunctional.  All the videos were of Gina who was coping with trauma. Beyond the ashes: I couldn't figure out how to sequence them since there were no names or numbers. Since I work with staff, parents and children my learning in this course will help me. Can you suggest a follow up course please? Thank You
The content was easy to understand, and the simulation of what not to do and what to do were very helpful. I just wish there were more examples or exercises for us to apply RAPID, so we can put theory into practice, even if they're just practice sessions. It could be broken down per letter and then done as a whole in the end. But in total, I was happy with the course coverage. The concepts were clear and concise.
I would like to say many thanks to everyone who was behind and in the fronts to make this course available and free for people online. Earning a certificate for a course is one thing, but having such an applied and interactive, even through online lessons, is another thing. I am well aware that this course will be useful to me presently and in the future. Hope to see more courses like these ones in the future!
well structured and interesting.  I would prefer however, to have more practical questions and steps in order to be able to understand in depth how to offer the needed help in case of emergencies. The videos were not clear enough in the sense of distinguishing between a nice approach and a bad approach and I think that it would also be helpful to have more than one stories developed in the case scenarios.
This course was very informative and helpful, especially for a beginner's course. I wish I would have been exposed to different scenarios of situations people face. For example, dealing with a death, mass shootings, terrorist attacks, more natural disasters like earthquakes or tornados, and even abuse. However, learning the basic terms and how to approach and speak to others was very helpful. Thank you!!!
It would have been nice to know the answers and rationale behind the quiz questions that I got wrong. The way it is set up now still leaves me unsure of why I got it wrong. Otherwise, the materials are presented in a very accessible manner. The format of transcribed lecture is extremely helpful for those of us who are visual processors versus Auditory processors. Thanks for making this course available.
This course has introduce me to be to the world on crisis intervention and preparation. The course offers great knowledge, training, and situations on how to respond to each situation. What I learned from this course is when disaster strikes, the respond to an individual is never the same so you have to active listen and reflective listen to best respond to each individual's need to help others recover.
I get a basic understanding of PFA but I do hope I can learn more theories and materials through this course. The method of reflective listening real helps me to think about the way I communicate with people. And the methods and theory really help me to do better work if things really happen. I think everyone needs to have the basic knowledge of PFA but I hope there are more things to be learned.
It has been an insightful experience throughout the course. It made me think about the wonders that can be worked upon by reflectively or actively listening to a person in need. The course has helped me to stay resilient and tackle my own demons. It has also made me understand the importance of self-care which aids us to stay sane and thrive; and thus being a serene presence for those in need.
Reflectively listening is not only important for people working in this field, but for people like me who have difficulty comforting others in daily life.  I always listen to others' stories quitely and give them my suggestions that they actually don't need at all. I will look to be an active listener and try to make them feel better, rather than drain my brain for a 'useless' piece of advice.
I found the Instructor to have excellent tempo and tone in videos; the material was concise and applicable. I have a background in Emergency Management and I believe PFA is often overlooked. This is a good course for anyone, even those who won't ever work in Disaster Management, as the techniques are applicable in regular job situations, where people deal with traumatic things that happen too.
The explanation is very clear. The videos short and simple. Brings the message across. I like the quiz which helps me to understand the material better.I wish for more videos or teaching on prioritisation. This was the most difficult for me.A nice to have - more videos would be assessment and intervention. Maybe one more example would be just nice to show all these three. Thank you.
I am the student of Psychology, but due to some reason i left my studies. And i haven't enough bugs to enrol for the paid online certification course. So, I would like to thank John Hopkins University as well as Coursera for providing this without any course. By this course i am quite confident that i use PFA technique in need to help others.Again Thanks from the bottom of my heart.
Useful knowledge to know and use in emergency situations that could happen anytime. Terminology are alright to understand even with no psychological background although some background knowledge would be good. A behind the scene take into effectiveness and impact of immediate psychology first aid  is just as important as physical first aid in an aftermath of such situations.
I am very happy to be able to refresh learning more of this skill as I will not know when things can happen. I would like to be able to do something if it does even when there are particular help  groups to sweep on the field so to speak.. Learning the skills gives me the confidence that I can make a difference however small it may be.THANKS a lot for boosting my knowledge.
Fantastic content, very well communicated and a straightforward journey. The timing, pace and volume of the content was well designed. I rated 4 stars as I did have some difficulties with navigation e.g. sometimes I repeated a video and my completion wasn't recorded, it took a little while to get a hang of the platform. I will definitely recommend this course. Thank you.
It was a really helpful and informative course. However, there are certain topics that I think is valuable but wasn't discussed. How do we conduct psychological first aid to children and people with special needs (ie. blind, deaf, mute). I think they are also capable of experiencing extreme stress during a crisis. Still, I highly recommend this course to everyone.
A good overview of the topic by a lecturer who knows his stuff and whose videos are actually ... enjoyable is the wrong word ... interesting to watch. Duration of the course is misleading, you can do the whole course in about a day. So my only complaint is that I would have like to have more information about the topic. (But hey, there's a literature list! :-))
The techniques taught here came to me a little naive. They can work out very well in rich countries and where people live in solitude. But they will not work in poor countries where interpersonal support is already strong. We should rather apply monetary first aid in those countries. Nevertheless, I'll try to use these techniques in everyday life for fun.
A very basic but thorough introduction to the world of psychological first aid. The class includes a single sample intervention that is referenced at the end of every unit. The actors (including Dr. Everly himself!) seem very well-rehearsed, and this single encounter makes for an excellent template for how to apply the RAPID model in real life!
An excellent course for gaining basic knowledge of Psychological First Aid. The vignettes were helpful, but in each one, the person in need already had most basic needs met. She even mentioned that dealing with the insurance company was easy. I wonder if there could have been a few other options where the person had more urgent needs.
I enjoyed this course and it has really been an essential eye-opener to global events. I now agree that Psychological crisis intervention is an important step towards achieving improved community resilience. I recommend this course to first responders, any medical personnel and anyone willing to learn how to help people in distress.
An excellent introduction to Psychological First Aid and the RAPID methodology for assisting people in distress. If the course were a bit more challenging i would rate it a 5. As is, still a worthwhile way for students to familiarize themselves with the subject if they have no previous exposure to the concept of PFA.
Useful course for everyone interested in psychological resources. Simulations are practical views of helping and theory is accurate for emergency cases. I agree it is important to remember the difference between therapy and psychological first aid. In conclusion, an area of activity with many future perspectives.
This is wonderful material.  As someone who had CISM training 25 years ago I found that I "re-learned" things that I needed to remember.  My only criticism is that some of the language might be a bit over the head of some folks who would really benefit from this training and would make great PFA workers.
I found this course very informative. The course has given me confidence and skills to help assist others in the event of a disaster or following a traumatic event. I recommend that everyone take this course and help assist in their area, to help other people, if a disaster or traumatic event happens.
The course is indeed informative, helpful and interesting. It not only provide the learning for reaching out and helping distressed others but also self care at the time of crisis. The simulations were very helpful. Hope more simulations would add for self care as well. Thank you Dr. Everly and team.
a great course to start understanding the basic tenets of being in a helping profession! The lectures and particularly the simulation videos where Dr George has shown the diffence between the right and the wrong approach were a favorite part of my learnings!i enjoyed the course! thank you Dr Everly!
Coming from a Psychologist, this course was really helpful. The only feedback that I would have it to update the examples. The Oakland Fires for example is almost 30 years ago. It would be nice to see an example of how effective this course is in the light of far more recent events. Well done guys!
This was my first course in coursera, and I loved it. The videos and all the materials are really good. Instructor covers up all  the important topics. The simulations are really great. I think if the course went deeper into each topic I would rate it 5 stars, but it's still worth taking. Thanks!!
Really professional, direct, engaging and helpful. I would recommend 10/10 to those who will be contributing to PFA during this pandemic. Would appreciate if they recommended some stress management techniques and relaxation techniques - otherwise to provide resources to them. Otherwise, wonderful!
Well i think this course is really good. it helps you open up your views about to help people in distress. Before i wasn't even aware of the fact that there is a proper guidance for the helping people going through distress. but now not only know about it also have a knowledge about it as well.
I like the structure and examples right vs wrong. However, I miss a bit practical parts, like in peers for example doing a PFA m.yself.And what I did not like was that the slides were just read out. That felt a bit disturbing fto be honest. For that, I could also read them myself.Thanks still!
This course is a good way to start anyone on learning more about how to help others in distress. You don't need to be a trained clinician or mental health expert to learn about psychological first aid. I think it would benefit communities tremendously if more people can learn about PFA.
It was a significant learning experience and i surely did learn some new set of skills that would be really helpful in advancing my psychological skill set. the course is relevant in its content, syllabus, study material, and moreover the resources and insight offered by George Everly.
An excellent course at the hands of Ph.D. George S. Everly, Jr.
Intended for those who are in the area of ​​education and social care with no or little knowledge about mental education. I recommend it for those who think that it could support them to face humanitarian crises.Thank you!
The course was easy and simple to follow. The simulations were quite helpful. However. the lecture videos were not interesting, it was just text on the screen. If you're using videos to teach, maybe actually have someone speak or make a comprehensive video that is useful to watch.
i learned some valuable skills during this course.  it was useful for reflection - remembering to look after yourself as well as others is very important.  i will definitely be able to use the information and skills along with my medical training in my daily working life.  thanks.
Content was great.  Lectures were dry, but to the point.  Quiz questions could be tricky - referring to specific numbers.  However, I believe the course met it's objectives in the end.  Highly recommend to those looking to get a crash course in Psychological First Aid.
Good information for beginners. Great example through the simulations that were given. Would have liked a simulation of some other nature as well to help deal with a very different scenario. Loved the duration and the information learnt during that duration. Thank you
Lessons were practical and easy to follow, the extra materials (e.g. simulation videos) were helpful in understanding concepts and putting them into context. The assessment quizzes can be improved as some of the questions were worded in a slightly confusing manner.
Really enjoyed the lecture video format as it was very engaging! The course was also very easy to understand. The only thing I would have preferred more of are more real-life video examples and opportunities to practice the skills we learn in each step of RAPID.
Slides were very informative. But I learnt more by listening keenly to the course instructor. My humble suggestion is, if alongside wonderful narration, the slides could be more interactive and engaging, the course would be a more enjoyable learning experience.
its good but its kind of based on examples of big disasters, it would be nice to have something based on small disaster like car crashes a house fire or a minor accident to help people on health care industry address people in this acute and small accidents
A very clear and engaging course which gives you the practical know-how and confidence to respond to survivors of emergencies. My only recommendation is for the course to become more global as opposed to Euro-centric in terms of the scenarios that it uses.
A necessary and well-constructed course. Simulations could have been better. Lectures could have been more animated if the professor showed his face more often rather than just reading out from slides. Anyway, it was a great learning experience. Thanks!
Pretty good, gave good application understanding too. However, would also have been good if other vignettes were used especially at the assessment phase to ensure transferability of learnt concepts. But all in all, it was extremely well organised.
I would give an excellent and 5 stars if I could have seen the feedback for my incorrect answers. Unfortunatelz I was not able to see them. I really enjoyed the course and I hope to pursue this learning with other courses and readings. Thank you.
The coursera is very good online courses platform for learning and growing up so fast towards the improvement of personal development and it is very good for safety awareness programs and learning through coursera is the best experience for me.
I appreciate the excellent work the Coursera team is doing with the collaboration with them and the universities around the world for us whilst maintaining our mental and professional growth and training. A big thank you for both !
It was a very nice graded course. But it's limited to some specific points. Although it is not possible to complete a whole season within a course, but according to my expectations it could be a bit more longer and more elaborated.
Good course especially if you have no idea about psychology and related fields. I will probably (hopefully) never use it, but in case the need arises I believe I will be able to do at least something and will not be totally lost.
Interesting, short course full of useful information and examples that can be used. It is easy to learn and it can be finished fast. Video lectures are somewhat average video quality and there are no peer graded assignments.
Very good introductory course which will give you a solid basis to continue exploring the subject. The lectures are well structured and paced. It includes "real life" examples of how to implement the theory you just learned.
Good course. Great information available. Only down side is that the read along doesn't show the extra on screen. If you're reading do to need for quiet you lose context and some information.  Need to offer read only option
It was really a nice experience. The course is well organized. Though it would have been better if there was one more simulation with completely different situation, with someone who is not that much optimistic like Gina.
Although I realize that my english level make more difficult confronting test, I enjoyed a good learning about both PFA, crisis psycological first intervention and american english. Thanks for your great style of teaching
This is a good first look into the topic and gives you the means to develop a deeper understanding. It prepares you for the basics and enables you to be an active, helping part in your community in the wake of adversity.
I found this course to be very interesting and definitely useful, though in some places it felt too vague and almost generic. As an introduction to this field, though, it is sufficient and made me excited to learn more.
The course was well constructed and very, very well presented.  The material caused me to think, in some areas reinforce what I knew and in some areas learned new ideas.  I am pleased with the course and the experience.
Great course a few problems, actually had problems with all video review during tests not playing and only having a blank screen so I wasn't able to review specefic videos through the tests. Loved the senarios though.
Thank you for this course! I learned a lot, even if I am not a health or psychological practitioner. I am still a student yet the information I learned is very relevant in this time of crisis. Self care is important!
Psychological first aid is the essential basic measure that everyone should know, especially in time of global pandemic COVID-19 infection. The course meets my objectives to learn. It is very informative and useful.
This is my first time to learn what is PFA?I am appreciate to our lecturer George, who is use a simple way to help me understand PFA.This course help me to deep understand my mind. I hope can help others by use PFA.
Very useful information! It teaches you also how to deal with people in your life that experience crisis moments. I recommend it! It has the potential to increase you compassion and empathy towards other people!
Loved how the information is presented, very well organized, wise, and eloquent. I found everything I was looking for, except I would've needed more simulations on how to intervene when the person is unstable.
It was a very good course - simple but had all essential components.... would have loved it if there were one more simulation for a different situation throughout the course.... Rest, it was a great learning..
Very well structured course outline with great simulations that help in understanding of the subject. It is useful for any profession to be honest, and I am glad to have taken this course. Thanks Mr. Everly.
I appreciate the PPT and those mini videos. Makes it easier to understand and think along as you are listening. One thing i like to improve is actually the voice of a reader... makes me sleepy a little
I am very satisfied with the course. I understood every explanation given by Dr. Everly. I am looking forward applying these techniques in real life. Thank you for the course, I have had a lot of fun
This Content mainly focused on Disaster Survivor's psychological support.However, I am still looking for like daily basis psychological support.For example, employees' stress, children's stress. etc.
The formats of the material (videos and slides) are not the most user friendly and engaging - they could be updates. But the content is very useful, even for someone with no medical relation at all
A great course for anybody working outside the field of mental health, and interested in psychological first aid. Too basic for psychologist or mental health workers, but wonderfully summarised.
The instructor was excellent, but the video lectures and simulations would've been perfect if there were more pop up questions, just to engage the students a bit more on the do's and don'ts :)
The lectures are straight to the point. I wish there are more examples or case studies of actual events for better understanding of how to make use of the guidelines in a real world scenario.
An interesting, easy to understand and hands-on approach to dealing with acute trauma. As a trauma counsellor, I am sure I will use the skills I learnt during the course while dealing with cl
I have learned how immediate psychological intervention may really count during times of disasters and pandemic. It has personally helped me deal with the stresses that this COVID pandemic.
Brilliantly paced and narrated. I was hoping to get an overview of other exisiting PFA models/frameworks in the field though. Nonetheless, contents were highly relevant and informative.
The course was concise and perfectly structured. would have been even better if there were more information on reciprocating with people who are unwilling to speak to or not compliant.
A very interesting course explaining the RAPID model of PFA, with simulations that help to visualize the points and notes. Not only benefits the self, also the others. Worth learning!
I learned what I came for. There were a couple errors on the quizzes, and George's name is spelled wrong on the very last screen.  If these details were corrected I'd give it 5 stars.
Very concise preliminary introduction to PFA. Good video demonstration. Would like to suggest variation of questions in question bank to offset practice effect from multiple attempts.
Expertly taught and these skills extend far beyond just Psychological First Aid, you can also implement this knowledge into every day life. Well worth the time learning the material.
Concise but straight forward course to introductory PFA. It helped me differentiate PFA from Disaster & Emergency Psychology, as well as be informed about the important job of PFAs.
Good for understanding the basics of PFA in disaster response. The ongoing challenge is to educate those in Emergency Response in its practical evidence based grounding and utility.
I found the course to be informative and easy to follow along to. Videos were usually short and sweet with questions and interactions between them which kept me focused. Thank you!
Very good course, everything that is explained is useful and easy for ordinary people to understand. help to be more professional in becoming a PFA Volunteer. highly recommended!!
It was a very nice course. I shows fundamentals quite clearly and uses examples also George looks quite compassionate and caring which I think this really means something to him
The course is informative and comprehensive. The material may be a little dry; nonetheless, I recommend this course for anyone to expand their horizon for when disasters occur.
Very interesting and indepth course.  I did find accessing the Forum discussions a tad puzzling and getting back to the course was not always easy but overall well presented.
I really enjoyed the class and how it was easily broken down into 5 steps, RAPID. However, I would have liked some more examples/simulation videos of how to 'do it right.'
A good course to learn the basics of PFA.I would have liked a response the answers to the triage practice in the forum. Otherwise, the course was engaging and interesting.
Great course, learn a lot about how to listen and correctly ask questions. Using RAPID model is a good way to help people in need during a disaster. :) Thank you!
The PowerPoint slides are informative yet lengthy and boring at times. I hope Coursera can do something to make the lecture more interactive and less monotonous.
Apart from the  simulation video. The content is only the powerpoint slide with professor Audio Description, so it is a bit flat. But the course is very useful.
i want to thank coursers and the experts for putting such a great content.I liked it alot amd looking forward to use them in my carreer of being a psychologist
As some of the quiz questions are not very clear to me due to my own misinterpretation leading me to fail the quiz. But good that allow particpants to retry
I like the course it is very informative and all those skills are simple and easy and these things can be able to cope up by those who are in need of help!
I really liked this course, the information is very useful, accurate and concise. I'm glad I took it and can apply it in the situations that require it.
Easy and fairly informative. I wish they showed more examples with different situations, instead of repeating the same situation throughout the course.
It's very useful for non-psychologist and it helps you learn more about psychological triage and useful interventions in acute psychological distress
I feel very happy for this opportunity though a free certificate is also a welcome development. Thanks for the knowledge & hoping to impact with it.
lecturer talks and intonation is a little bit slow, and the slides were not very interactive. although i like the simulation practice. very useful.
This course helped me to have a better idea and understanding on how to give psychological first aid as well as get better at listening to others.
a very helpful course. I'm glad i took part in it. i have learnt a lot and this has improved my capabilities in responding to people who need PFA
Interesting course with great tutorials by Dr. George Everly. Informative and at a steady pace, a great introduction to Psychological First Aid.
Very engaging and informative course on an important topic, the knowledge this course is conveyed in a surprisingly simple and efiicient manner
I found the course really useful and interesting, I will highly recommend it. I would have enjoyed more videos about how the theory is applied.
learnt a lot of new skills of responding correctly in times of distress,Dr George was excellent, he explained extremely well, loved the course
Very comprehensive! I enjoyed it and feel more prepared to handle supporting individuals in psychological distress get to the help they need.
The course is engaging and useful. I particularly learnt from the vignette provided, especially the incorrect ways to respond to the client.
This course is very well laid out.I appreciated the various learning style modalities utilized in presenting the information in this course.
Pacing is slow but very informational. I believe there is a need for more information and guidance when it comes to the  self-care segment.
Reinforced some knowledge and learned a few things. Would like to a course more in depth however a great as a refresher or for a beginner.
PFA presented in a well structured manner, simple language, to the point. Some points may have suggested reading for depth understanding.
The course materials  were very engaging. I got information and knowledge I had previously not been able to find so easily here.Thank you
Was more challenging than expected, has been a while since a First responder type course & over 10 since took a Class online. Humbling TY
It was very beneficial and reaally skillfull. I have learnt some more practical skills and developed much more in my professional path !
Thank you for this course content. Found it really useful to add it to my practice as a counsellor. really enjoyed the learning process.
This course is intended to train people who want to work in that field. If you aim for daily life's use, the use will be a bit limited.
As a non-familiar with the field , i found the course very simple to understand , and the professor have very powerful explaining style
Must to have for all who wish to help others during hard times or want to make self ready for any service during disasters. Thank you!
Course material was good. However, for a better learning experience, I recommend that participants watch the lectures at 1.25x speed.
Good simulation videos to help you better understand the concepts which are being taught. You can surely consider opting this course.
The course gives a very basic understanding of psychological first aid, its straightforward and easy, great course for beginners  !
Very interesting course over all. Some of the quiz questions were difficult to interpret, but other than that, fascinating subject.
The overall experience of learning was good. If there would've been some study material it would make the whole experience better.
l believe this course was well put together and allows the  general public to understand how they could help others in a crisis.
Very helpful information. I could use more pointers on how, precisely, to do the "Intervention" phase - more practicals. Thanks!
Very helpful course. The video examples are repetitive and a little outdated but you'll still benefit greatly from this course.
understanding that the initial compassion and reflecting in the correct way can help and don't have to have years of training
I loved the course ! The only thing I would change is I would give more techniques (spend more time on the I of the RAPID).
Very well structured. Provides valuable insights into how to provide psychological help in disaster and crisis situations.
This course is very practical i started already to use it, thank to all those who made it possible. Juste Elysée MALANDILA
Case vignettes were very helpful. I wish I had been able to get an answer to all questions from the Instructor or Mentor.
It will be really beneficial to learners if we are given more examples with various disasters and different characters.
Repeating important topics over and over again makes it easier to understand.  The simulation too was a very good help.
It was a really interesting course and I actually learnt a lot about how to approach and talk to a person in distress.
I found this course very informative and enjoyed it. Hoping to be able to help in anyway I can in this field thank you
Really well done!! The simulations were a bit stilted but did show the basic techniques to use! Thoroughly enjoyed it.
Good Course to understand how to be human in this World. And empathy and intimacy has been expressed in very manner.
This course is well structured and useful. It was my first online course and it made me want to try more! Thanks
I want to thank coursera and john hopkins university to provide this valuable course.It is such a nice course .
Lovely course and I'm glad I took it. The only improvement would be to relate the quizes more to the lectures.
I really enjoyed this course. I would like to have seen more interviews or situations with a chance to triage
It has been a rewarding experience taking this course- very well presented and straight to the point. Thanks
Interesting to see how psychology is taught differently in different places (finished B.Honours 7 years ago)
This course is very thorough and informative as well as it guide practically what to do and what not to do.
Certainly worth doing. I enjoyed the content. Found it easier to read through rather than watch the videos.
We need more explanation on paraphrasing, reframing and delay. It is hard to understand from the lecturer.
Excellent source.  I enjoyed the simulations.  I found some of the sections quite difficult to negotiate.
Clear and concise introduction to the treatment of acute psychological distress in the face of disasters
This course provides very clear content and uses excellent video examples to illustrate the information.
Very effective, thank you to tutor for classes, that was informative and will be useful in some context
Great information especially for someone in EMS. Many useful tools which even a lay person can utilize.
A good overview of this important subject which I hope to use in my physical risk management workplace.
i literally enjoyed the course. Thanks John Hopkins University for providing and I liked it alot.
Very good course. Thank you for having it. I will hopefully be able to help others when needed.
Was not what I was expecting the course to be about but was still a good way to spend my time.
A short applied and useful course. Needs a better translate to Russian and translate of tests.
such an interesting class! The materials are helpful and can be applied to our everyday life
I enjoyed the practical videos, but the lecture slides had too much text on them, I think.
Excellent. Many will benefit from the learnings and skills that are taught in this course
a really good course in psychological first aid speciic to following an emergeny/disaster
Care and self care will help a lot.RAPID model and Masrow requirements model are helpful.
Some items in the test were too mechanic. I would like to have more reflective questions.
Good introduction to the subject and importantly leaves you wanting to explore a bit more
This course is a very helpful primer in how to respond to psychological distress in the
Terrific course! Simple, straight forward and experiential. Loved every minute of it
The course is relevant, although the manner the content is transmited could improve.
Very helpful and acknowledging essential perceptions and most professional aspects.
it really helped to see things outside of the psychologist pov! insightful course!
I am happy that i took this course. Thank you for the great learning experience.
A very convenient and practical way to acquire the basic knowledge in the field.
Good introduction to psychological first aid. I liked especially the scenarios.
A good and basic course for awareness of distressing issues during disasters.
This course is really helpful especially in the time of the Covid pandemic.
Very informative and content was presented in an extremely organized manner
A very comprehensive yet summarised introduction of how PFA is conducted.
A quick course on a very essential method. A must for any crisis manager
Very educational. A very helpful course for non-professional responders.
That´s a great course with a cientific and human regard to psychologica
It's useful for me to learn psychology, in first level of emergencies.
Interesting, thought provoking, and helpful in a very grass-roots way.
Interesting course. Good for companies and public administration.
Must for all. Be it anyone! The world needs more PFA volunteers.
Useful knowledge. Even for everyday life. Take it and learn it !
could have been shorter but important stuff! thanks for sharing
Concise. Would give it 5 starts if there were more simulations.
Really beneficial...It just requires more practicing examples.
I learned a lot from this course personally and professionally
Thank you so much for this opportunity to learn more about PFA
Very informative & educational but also goes a little slowly.
It was an exciting time and had a great experience to learn
Very encouraging and influencing information regarding PFA.
Nice course..Learnt many new words,terminology and concepts
Simple , easy to understand, Prof Everly's fantastic voice.
Good course - learned a lot and will use it in the future
Very practical, application-oriented course! I loved it!
Love it ! Very informative and the examples help a lot.
This course could also perfectly be a self-paced course
It a good course ... I got to know lots of news things
Very nice  class and illustrations.simple but powerful
Fairly good course. Short and to the point.   Thanks
It´s ok.... may be I expected something different
Great for people with no mental health experience
Good course to learn first tips to give first aid
a bit long for me, but interesting and well done
Great exposure to the topic, great presentation!
Thank you so much for valuable lectures videos
Overall really engaging and informative course
Good information, useful for first responders.
I was understanding by this simple way, than u
It was a nice journey to this new information
It's really helpful in our day-to-day life.
Great course with helpful tips to practice
Useful curse. I also practice my english.
It was good, but the pace was a bit slow
Great introduction to PFA, I would hope
Good job¡¡  I am nedd one certificate
It's a good course, well thought out.
Great teacher with good information.
It's a great and informative course.
The course is very helpful. Thanks.
Very easy to grasp and very useful.
Helpful, informative and concise
informative and easy to absorb.
Good and understandable course.
Informative and resourceful.
The course opened my eyes on
it is straight to the point
this is an awesome course.
its very helpful thank you
Helpful and to the point
An adequate introduction
It was nice experience
Its amazing course...
Well planned course
It was good course
decent and helpful
Great Information!
It's very helpful
good lecture
Great structure and interactive format.  Clear expectations and excellent materials.  Subject was explained in an effective manner that was easily understood and applied.  Very useful for any profession!
I would recommend this course, very pleasantly presented by Dr. G. Everly, to professionals of different background. It is important to raise awareness of compassionate social support for people in need, which this course certainly does. RAPID model is proved to be efficient and easy to implement. I personally value the Self-care section, as I often find myself overwhelmed with other people's negative experiences and I tend to over empathize with them. Another useful tip, especially for therapists and/or psychologists as myself, is not to diagnose or provide therapeutic intervention. It is good to keep that in mind during PFA, because it can do more damage than good. Regarding Self-care section, it would have been useful to get more information about available resources for the helpers (e.g. supervision, on the spot intervention, support groups etc).
The instructor was easy to follow, and very understanding! I have learned a lot with this course! Thank you for offering it, and I hope to see more courses on Psychology from John Hopkins University!
Very well prepared materials and videos.simulation was really helpful and not too lengthy or detailedInstructor was very knowledgeable and seems to know to say the right amount of information
Dear Mr. Everly, The course is very well organized and objective. Maybe it could be offered in more languages – at least with subtitles – so more people would benefit from it.  Although I had not had any previous   experience with PFA, I am pretty sure that I had been trying to find this field of knowledge for a long time… I am a psychologist (with a Psychosociological orientation) from Brazil and I have been working with human rights and community development in different settings and projects for the last 15 years also in other countries for short periods.  During the first simulation video, I was really touched, especially because I realized that I had found something that made complete sense to me as a psychologist, especially when our mentor stressed “it’s not therapy”.  I am not a clinical psychologist and I did not come across these techniques and studies while I was at the university, and when I pictured myself working with refugees or the people at my city – I realized that we can apply PFA not only to people at catastrophes, but also to people living in very violent areas in some parts of Rio de Janeiro or São Paulo. Before the course, I was not satisfied with my resources to work in some settings: “Am I going to provide psychological therapy? No, it is not what I do”. But the PFA, yes, that I can picture myself doing it and have been doing something similar all my life. So, all I can say is Thank you, I will dive in.  Best regards, Gabriela
A very helpful course and full of practical information for persons interfered with disaster relief and crisis intervention as this course has a well- planned syllabus and really  informative vignettes
I thoroughly enjoyed this class. I will continue to familiarize myself with the RAPID model. We're living in times in which this type of training seems increasingly necessary. It's also an incredible way to give back to mine and neighboring communities where survivors may feel a level of discomfort with "strangers" during such an vulnerable time in their lives.
A wonderful course with clear explanations and case scenarios to help reinforce learning. I was truly engaged throughout the course and felt like I learned a lot more than I anticipated when going in.
I very much enjoyed taking this course. The information, simulations and assessments all worked perfectly and now I feel better prepared for any sort of adversity and eager to help those in need.
The course is made in a  very easy to learn and practical way. The RAPID model is easy to remember and can be very helpful in demanding events, such as the actual global situation and its consequences.
I am very happy and satisfied with the course program. In fact, I am excited to apply what I have learned and also looking forward to enroll in another course. Thank you for this learning opportunity!
This course is versatile in application, I can see PFA being used in multiple fields outside of law enforcement, first responder, or even disaster aid groups. I would recommend it as a set of self skills for individuals to be able to use it to help themselves and their local community. The main point is that Psychological First Aid is not therapy and an individual is not attempting to diagnose a person, they're working to help be a touchstone during a point of crisis in life to help focus a person onto a path of recovery and provide information and resources as needed. Even for anyone that is looking to study more Psychological or Mental Health courses, this is a good addition to help add to that knowledge base. The course is nicely spaced out so as not to be overwhelming whether one is taking it by itself or along with other courses at the same time. The break down of examples through the video simulations allows for a better grasp of right and wrong applications for the use of the RAPID model. Plus it provides a progressive flow to digest each section over the course of 5 weeks for the RAPID model in application and practice.
It was really really interesting and very well explained. The ideas were clear, and the examples and simulations were very useful. The length of the videos was adequate. The course really helps to understand and learn the basics of Phychological First Aid, as well as the motivation and importance of such a job. Moreover, although it is focused (with the examples) in first aid after big disasters, it is totally useful for minor or personal situations, and how to be able to talk to others and help them with the best words, attitudes and behaviours from our side. It also helps to understand a little bit more human reactions (even ours, that's why there's a Self-Care module too!), and how to deal with them. I really enjoyed the course and I totally recommended it. Thank you Dr. Everly!
I think this is a very useful topic about which everybody should be more conscious. Taking this course is an excellent way of training people and building the surge capacity that communities need. I truly enjoyed taking the course and from my point of view it's very achievable and not too long or too difficult. More people should become aware that they are able to take this course and learn this useful techniques, not only for natural disasters, but for everyday life.
Very much enjoyed this class and strongly believe it will help anyone who takes it to aid those not only in disaster situations, but in many areas of life
This course is easy to understand and follow. I enjoyed completing it and learning about the practice of Psychological First Aid and also what it is not, it is not therapy. I particularly appreciated the module on self-care as I think it's very important for those in the caring professions to think of themselves so they won't burn out. I liked the preparation questions to ask before deployment. These are very good questions to ask, I work in a developing country and a conflict zone, I arrived on a Sunday and the phone number of my contact was not working, I was also not given a proper security and safety briefing until several days after I arrived. I also liked the advice around 'simply being there... is planting a seed'. Often we feel that what we are accomplishing is not enough and we can feel stressed and disappointed in ourselves and in our roles.
Dr. Everly's course on Psychological First Aid has been concise, informative, and at necessary times, light hearted. The compassionate understanding that comes with the necessary skills associated to dealing with trauma in life are often challenging to pass along through word or text, but he was able to shed light upon the importance of fine tuning these skills - with the help of the R.A.P.I.D. model. This course actively taught me new skills and tools  I was able to put to use each day, and has helped to direct me towards my own personal life goals. I am very grateful. I do hope to find more courses or lectures taught by Dr. Everly. Thank you very much.
Great course for a future police officer like myself.  A lot of training information to learn about people suffering from trauma as well as providing the best care as a first responder is critical .  I highly appreciate this class and hope to see more advanced level psychology courses be available on this platform .  Also, this is a great resume booster as well as can be mentioned on a cover letter to make you stand out from future applicants .
Very insightful course on how PFA can impact on the degree of impairment of mental health in a disaster or crisis situation. On a personal level, I feel that the knowledge gained on PFA can also be translated to a form of self-awareness, self-assessment and intervention of your own mental state.  Proff. George's clear and precise lectures had made the concepts easy to understand.  I definitely have enjoyed the class. Thank you.
What a fantastic and informative course. I found the role play most effective, it was very helpful watching George respond to an individual experiencing crisis. The only suggestion I would make is perhaps having a more challenging, less resilient role than Gina. As admirable as her optimism and relative ease at finding a home (with her Aunt), it would be interesting to see the same process played out with someone who might not be as resilient as Gina or have access to family support. Dr. Everly was truly wonderful, although I have not experienced a trauma such as many displaced people have, I knew if I did, I would want someone like George around - what a compassionate and caring person. Thank you so much for this wonderful opportunity to learn from you.   Leslie
Awesome course!The modules per week are designed really well and are very easy to understand.The thing I liked the most about this course was the 2 ways (the correct and the incorrect way) situations can be tackled with. Overall the mentor was awesome and explained everything the best way possible!🔥
Well done. George is a natural story teller. He helped make the lessons personal and relatable. The examples were well acted. I believe this lesson will help me with situations I may likely part of in the near future.
I enjoyed the course! Specially the videos. It made it much easier to understand how a conversation can go and how to handle it.
This course really helps understanding a lot of topics related to psychology, and mostly, know how to act and help other people that are in distress following a disaster or emergency. Professor George Everly knows how to make a class really interesting. The course is very well done: the materials, the classes and even the way everything is structured. Thanks for everything learned!
Very well-prepared, easy to understand course on psychological first aid. With the set of skills gained in this course, you will not only be able to adequately help someone in times of disaster as a psychological first aider but also in day-to-day interactions, whether at work or in school. Think of applying bandages to psychological injuries, effectively.
This course was wonderful, enjoyable, and helpful in my learning and development of skills. The load of work per week was reasonable, and the material engaging and applicable. Thank you, Dr. Everly!
Very informative with a platform that made learning easy and enjoyable. I would definitely suggest this course if this subject interests you. Can also be completed within 2 days of constant work.
Fantastic course!  It really provided the foundation to understanding PFA and it's application in helping people who are in disequilibrium following a stressful/traumatic event.
Absolutely educational and fulfilling!
A great introduction to the concept of RAPID, or may I say RAPID(S):Building rapport with the person you're trying to help, assessing the needs, prioritizing the needs, intervening to stabilize or mitigate distress, checking how they are doing / following up, and lastly, there's a lesson on self-help so that you can help people long-term and not e.g. burn out.All of these steps of RAPID(s) are explained in more detail in the course. There's also a simulation video of what the process can look like, which accompanies the whole course and ties it together nicely. There's also videos of how not to do it. I found the quality of the videos/acting to be almost perfect, and certainly excellent! :-)I can not praise the instructor enough, his long experience in the field has certainly honed his social skills, like compassion and connecting with other people. That comes through in the lectures and intro videos as well as the simulation. It's a helpful to have someone to look at and think: "This is how I could also be one day, this I could strive for."Content-wise, the lectures are to-the-point and not too long, sometimes I would have liked more detail but mostly they were just right for me.The
 tests are brief and aim at you understanding the core concepts and 
knowing some relevant data. The questions can be quite specific, so you 
need to pay attention to details throughout the course, however, it is only details actually relevant to the topic that you need to know.
I got a sense that this course was compiled in a thoughtful and "heartful" way. Some minor room for small improvements aside here and there, overall, I found it a course of an outstanding quality content-wise, and of significant helpfulness for me, who was wholly new to the topic.
 I'm glad I took the course, as it was the right decision for me, and I feel significantly better equipped than before to help others. I now have a solid basic understanding and a useful overview of Psychological First Aid. In order to feel confident about my abilities in this area, I'd have to practize the things talked about, though, which an online course of course can't do. Which is to say, as far as the course goes and can go, five well-earned stars!
I am from Kerala, India. In my country, psychological first aid [PFA] is just a fancy term. On the wake of disasters like megafloods, earthquakes and other natural and man-made calamities, financial and medical aid is provided by the state and central governments. Usually, there is no acknowledgement of the 'surge' that happens after a disaster. I have understood it from personal experience during the megafloods in Kerala in 2018. Although I was not a direct victim of the floods, I tried to contribute to the displaced and the disaster-stricken demographic. This experience gave me the insights that PFA is non-existent in these contexts, here. The medical team at a disaster spot would ideally treat the physical ailments of the people, the officials would mitigate the financial losses of the people, there is no reference or acknowledgement of the psychological trauma an individual undergoes during these calamities. There is no one-on-one care to the individual who undergoes the ordeal. I wrote a book titled LIFE AFTER THE FLOODS: REFLECTIONS ON KERALA FLOODS, which was published in 2019 by Kalamos Literary Services in Delhi highlighting these issues and the necessity to provide a mental support system to the victims of calamities. The PFA course run by Johns Hopkins University is a boon to people from my place, for health workers, first responders and others. I found it as an answer to the many questions I raised in my book Life After the Floods. I am especially in love with the lectures given by Prof. Geroge Everly. His compassionate eyes have the power to teach us how to help others and to help ourselves. This course offered me a highly valuable tool to deal with individuals who are facing psychological challenges during a disaster. This gave me the confidence to be a first responder in the wake of a calamity.Thank you JHU and Coursera for arranging this masterful course for us!. with love, Anu Lal
As a teacher, I accidentally signed up for this after I googled inclusion for education and special education. When saw what Dr. Everly was presenting, I immediately grimaced. But, I re-framed my thinking. God willing I would have to go through a disaster like Parkland or any other traumatic experience, and I hope I never would have to use the skills learnt from this course in any setting. However, in dealing with teens, a lot of situations may seem distressing. Although trivial to adults, a lot of problems to teens are magnified. So it is important not just for PFA but also anyone who works with people to go through phases of RAPID especially reflective listening and not offer responses designed to quickly solve the problem. In addition, it is also important to recognize we need to "self-care". I have met educators who take on the burden of students' personal issues too seriously and enter into unhealthy living habits. It is important to care for people, but establish boundaries. In addition, it is also important to get an assessment and not steer students(I have met teachers who have tried to steer students to talk about issues which were personal and incredibly traumatic without knowing how to be a facilitator of being part of a 'next level' of help. ) into answering questions which may open the proverbial Pandora's Box. This was overall a good course and it is not only for one profession. It permits help and compassion without crossing boundaries which can exacerbate situations.
This course is apt right now, in a time when first responders are being pushed to the max every day, and when many humans across so many countries are being impacted by Covid. I was interested at first because of my own experience with anxiety and PTSD--birth trauma, mainly--but also for my work as a support worker in Special Education who routinely works with kids who are either reliving trauma or are living it daily. I wanted to take this while on lockdown to maximize my time, distract myself in a proactive way from the news at hand, and come away with new "tools in my toolkit". Interestingly, I've gotten to use some of the RAPID techniques already with former coworkers. I think this course is extremely well-structured, highly informative, and practical. I appreciated all of the models but particularly appreciated the one on self-care--a thing I have had to learn, and continue to do so, to manage PTSD. I can't emphasize strongly enough myself how vital self-care is--whether it is meditation or prayer, proper sleep and/or an eye on healthy eating, finding that friend/family member/coworker to confide in or rant to--it's the case of, to use the airplane safety analogy, "giving oneself the mask first". Thank you for a fabulous course!
Considering we are in the middle of a Pandemic which caused me to take the course in the first place. I was very glad I did. I and my Security staff still had to come into work, even though our buildings are empty. when I started this course I started talking more in dept with my staff to make sure they were OK during this trying time. They opened up to me about their fears and what they and there families were going through. I also started talking to my own family and finding out things that are going on with them also. This course helped be to see where I could help them and also if anyone needed more assistance then what I could give. With my staff I did reach out to my Director and with her assistance we made sure any staff that needed help with the stress got it. With my family members we talked and talked until they seen what they needed and they reached out for the help they needed and I am following up with them. Me I also did the self help part, because I did ID the fact that I was hearing a lot of stressful things from others and I identified it was effecting me. So I found someone to talk to me (My husband and Pastor). I got a lot out of this class and will be looking for more to take. Thank you
This course was very valuable for me.1 - The course professor has a great personality. He is a great storyteller. He looks kind, warm and understanding. He pointed out the importance of respect and tactfulness and I believe these are both his professional and personal values. He is an inspiration.2 - This course is well-structured, detailed, easy to understand. It has extremely valuable simulation videos with "flawed" and "correct" examples of emergency responder work. It has a documentary of a real disaster with interviews of real people to analyse. These amazing video materials make the knowledge more profound and practical.3 - The lectures are great. I listened each lecture for 3-4 times and found new depths each time I was listening.4 - I may recommend this course to those who experienced disaster, as I believe being well-informed about this topic makes you feel stronger and more resilient. As a crisis survivor myself I enjoyed the course and it brought me a piece of mind and strength. 5 - I am grateful, that this course is an "open" course, by which I mean that you see the result of your test and can work on your mistakes. This is a life-saving course, so it is great that full knowledge is available.
It is an excellent course on psychological mental first aid because it is very detailed. The vignettes are excellent and help in explaining RAPID method of John Hopkins University. They helped in explaining the concepts very well. The instructor was excellent in explaining the concepts and the vignettes exceedingly very well.  I have had resiliency courses and this shows a different side of resiliency training. The most poignant aspect of the training is that people who help people do not conduct Self-Care. This training emphasizes Self-Care in detailed form and shows how essential it is for everyone, most especially people who care for others. I am very happy that I took the course. I have never paid attention to Self-Care until now.  This is because it has never been explained as well as Dr George Beverly, Jr. in this course by using it as "Dr. George Beverly, Jr's Burn-out Club" . This is a brilliant idea on Dr. Beverly Jr's part to drum in the importance of self-care with the aspect of the club. This method hits 'home' for everyone. It brings self-care front and center to  people's mind and way of doing things.  Well done on his part.
I have taken my share of First Aid courses, and have trained with my local Emergency Responders to become a Community Emergency Responder. I've also taken additional training to help with Emergency Communications. However, I am all too aware that the psychological impact of a disaster can be tremendous. I want to be best able to help my family, my neighbors, and my greater community, when disaster strikes. I've lived through Loma Prieta, and I had responsibility as a Resident Assistant, and we were poorly prepared. Thankfully, there was no physical harm to any in my care, but this psychological piece was missing for me, and for my residents, and my fellow staff. And, I can do what this course asks. My biggest problem in a local emergency will be the lack of a robust public health infrastructure, so I will need to work with my sponsoring agency to see about our referral resources, for those needing more care.  And, the section on self care is important, as I will be likely impacted by any disaster where I deploy since I am a CERT member, a member of the Community. Thank you sir.
The course content was excellent, covering some brief but adequate background on theory (for this level of course), and well-grounded application. Some additional videos would be helpful, utilizing other actors and scenarios, but I realize the course needs to be completed within a certain timeframe, and I'd rather -for the most part- the content be emphasized.For the Discussion Forum, it would be nice for the Mentors to occasionally jump in and provide some questions and discussion points to foster more critical thinking.I felt that some of the quiz questions didn't accurately reflect the lecture or video material. And, for the set-up of the course shell, it would be handy to include a link for the PowerPoints in the menu on the left side of the screen.I appreciate having the textbook available, which provides a more comprehensive accompaniment to the course and can be kept permanently after completion of the course.Overall, a very good experience. Thank you!
I am too much fortunate to complete this wonderful course. It was a great opportunity to me to get enrolled in this PFA course. I enjoyed this course a lot. I learned so many tools and techniques from PFA which is very much important to handle our PTSD. After completing the PFA  course I have got the confidence to help people in traumatic
situations by using the Johns Hopkins RAPID. This course is very useful for me and my students. I can take 'Self Care' by this course. The course Mentor George Everly is outstanding. His subject knowledge and narration technique is amazing. Course videos and assignments are so simple to understand. Anybody can solve it easily. Thanks to George Everly and Johns Hopkins University for providing such a wonderful course. I am going to complete my next course under the guidance of George Everly.  George Everly
I LOVED this course. I liked the fact that is was simple, the key concepts were well explained and I didn't get tired at all. One of my favorite parts of it was that, although the main theme is something so serious, Dr. Everly had such pleasant teaching methods. To be more precise, the "wrong" simulations at some point made me kind of giggle and I think that it's a very effective method and its main points will stick to my mind. Also he generally has a very good sense of humor that he showed at certain moments. Lastly I really liked that there were real interviews from people that experienced a disaster, so that we realise that although we're taking a theoritical course right now, these skills can be truly helpful and needed in a real situation at sme point in the future.
I really loved taking this course! This was my first time taking an online course, and I found that it was much better suited to my needs as a student than a traditional classroom setting. It was also very accessible for someone who hasn't been in school for over a decade. Dr. Everly's lectures were clear, concise, and relatable, and the progression of the course was very well paced. Concepts were outlined several times, but without feeling overly repetitive, and I found them easy to understand and retain without being too simplistic. I would absolutely recommend this course to anyone who's interested in learning ways to support others in the wake of a crisis, or even how to better care for their own mental health and overall well-being when dealing with stress.
I thought this was a fantastic course! It was well organized, well presented, and appropriate for the target audience. The simulation videos presenting "how-to's" and "how-not-to's" were a great addition. I believe this course would be valuable for everyone, regardless of field or occupation, if they think they would like to be active in community response and support volunteer efforts during local disasters. It is even helpful on a personal level, as the skills introduced here, such as active listening, are valuable in all personal interactions. I am also glad the course ended on self-care, which is so important, especially in this context. I really enjoyed the course and believe it will be a valuable reserve of information for when I may need it in the future.
The course was incredibly informative as well as engaging.  The nature of most of the topics covered is such that role-playing and an offline course would be most beneficial. Keeping this in mind I feel that the simulations used for the course were especially helpful as they were able to significantly reduce any gap or shortcomings due to the course being online. Having a background in psychology, I feel confident in putting the skills that I learned in this course to use. In my opinion, for someone without a background in this subject, the terms and concepts were quite well explained. An advanced course on this subject, perhaps with higher instructor/mentor interaction could be beneficial for those who want further clarifications or training. Thank you!
I found this course while browsing the interwebs looking for things to learn. As far as an 8 hour online class goes, this is worth every minute. It moves fast, and has the meat and potatoes of what you need. (Or if you're not a fan of meat and potatoes analogy, the salad and the roasted tofu.)Active listening, and psychological first aid, is not just a responsive practice. It should be part of your tactical toolkit. The fact that PFA can make as big as impact as it does means it gets people to where they can be with a little more ease. Think of the impact that can make on someone who is trying their best, and got one more step ahead because you were there to help.Consider the class. Get the certificate if you can.Thanks, Doctor Everly and Johns Hopkins!
I would like to sincerely thank Dr. George Everly Jr. and John Hopkins University for giving me this opportunity to learn!I did not realize that I am already giving PFA to my fellow citizens when I joined and volunteered at UP Diliman Psychological Services. I am able to help around 30 people between the months of April and June, and I am glad to have been affirmed through this course that what I was doing is okay. My key take away here is “the best way to care for others is to care for yourself” - this is so much true! I have to keep my weekends off, because even if it is just online counseling, having around 4-5 people talk to you about their concerns can be very exhausting.Thank you once more! God bless you! Stay safe and healthy!
Excellent course, I liked the breakdown of how and why each of the steps work. I'm a CERT and have taken our PFA basic training, in-person class, and on-line class.  This class was much more detailed.  I've also taken the Mental Health First Aid (MHFA) classes, which are similar and have overlap.  I'd recommend that people take this class, the MHFA, and whatever PFA training you can find through your organization.  Why all three?  Because they overlap, yet each covers something unique.  My only gripe is that the links didn't work right in coursera, I kept getting lost - some times, the video would be just blank (so I read the transcript below).  I'm using Firefox on a Windows PC, maybe this works different in different browsers.
This course provides detailed explanation about R.A.P.I.D. in Psychological First Aid (PFA). How do we do this step by step and to whom should we help during crisis/adversity/disaster.It's very important to me to take care and help ourselves first before helping others so that we won't become the victim. Prof. George Everly beautifully simulate the scenarios which one should we avoid and which one should we do.I'm a veterinarian currently living in Indonesia and i'm very grateful for taking this course. I've been participating in Global Health True Leaders and the theme was "Disaster Management". Participating in this course further increase my capabilities in responding the adversity as a veterinarian and as a citizen.
This is a course that everyone needs to learn - it is a life skill. Psychological First Aid model by the Johns Hopkins School of Public Health is taught in a compassionate and supportive manner by Dr. Everly. The course is well-paced and comprehensive. In our pandemic-stricken world of today, trauma and injuries go beyond the physical which we are all vulnerable to. Relearning this critical skill is more important than ever, everyone is undergoing stress and a sense of unhinging - PFA greatly helps us cope effectively. The same way that we perform first aid at the onset of a physical emergency, PFA is applied to feel what other people feels by active listening and cultivating resilient communities built upon hope.
Kept my mind occupied during Covid-19! This course includes very relevant and insightful content - and is taught by someone with a lot of experience and knowledge in the field! A lot of the things discussed stick in my mind. Dr. Everly talked about the thought-provoking that link he can say he found after visiting many different countries: the link between resilience and having a belief that there is something out there greater than themselves. It got me thinking about the people in my own life and also about the power of religion within PFA.Thank you for this opportunity! Thoroughly enjoyed the course. I really liked both the lectures and demonstration videos - everything was all very clear and concise!
I always have believed in the idea that different people have different experiences due to different reasons and different situations. Everybodys way of understanding things and way of giving meaning to things is very subjective. No two people are the same.We might think we know what someone's feeling or what they mean when they say they're depressed or they're anxious or anything but in reality, we don't because the words such as these have very subjective meanings. What it feels like to be depressed for me might be very different from your idea of it. This course just validated this idea for me and taught me so much more than just that. Honestly, this has been such an amazing enriching experience.
Thank you very much for this very useful and meaningful course. I have learned a lot from this course and I am more confident after taking this course. I am very glad that this course taught me how to use the psychological first aid to approach people who are in need of help in acute distress situations. Other than that, I can also apply the knowledge that I have gained from this course as a way to keep myself on track when I encounter such situations. This is a course that not only teaches us how to use psychological first aid to help those in need, but also serves as a way to boost our own resilience as we learn. I feel stronger, and more confidence after taking this course, thank you.
This is the very first course I have taken on Coursera and I am so happy that I did. Coming from an Marine Engineering background I must say it was completely new field for me. Dr. George Everly's lecture has been simply amazing and I enjoyed watching his lecture thoroughly. His explanations and the way he organised the slides made grasping the idea easy and that kept me motivated. I am sad the course ended but I am optimistic that I can apply what I have learnt in my life, be it work or personal. I will definitely gonna read up on the book recommended by Dr George Everly. I strongly recommend this course from Johns Hopkins, if you are interested in Psychology, you will not regret it.
There is nothing small that can be said about this journey. From the very beginning, Dr. Everly took me on a captivating journey through the areas of RAPID, the dissection, and usage of a single video filled with subtleties - sometimes taken for granted when watching in a hurry. This changes many things - the way I look at cues present in any situation between relationships [after all, it is common that we encounter our battles of survival, in routine]; a keen sense of delayed gratification and patience so as to understand perspectives around; and most importantly, a motivating incentive on periodic check on mental health.Thank you, Team JHU! Cheers to everyone who made this possible!
At first, I found it hard to follow, as this was in very proper English, but this worth so much to keep going! The professor is so passionate and genuine. I've enriched my English vocabulary (although this wasn't the purpose of the course) and more importantly, I've learned the R.A.P.I.D. Model and feel more confident to help my colleagues when our office re-open and be more emphatic.  I am not sure I would do this as a job, but as an office manager, as my colleagues are my client, it will help definitely understand some root causes that I could face due to the uncertainty of this present COVID situation. Thanks so much to provide such a training, and huge thanks to the professor.
This course has been very informative and helpful for helping professionals and for those who have the heart  to extend social support and care for victims of adversities and even front liners. I salute Dr. George Everly, our very gentle and dynamic instructor, for sharing his expertise and passion, making sure that we learn things by heart. The modules, materials and instructor are very engaging, making me excited to progress the course and apply what I've learned. Congratulations and thank you to Johns Hopkins University for your commitment to providing quality education for all, anytime, and anywhere around the globe. God bless you! All smiles from the Philippines! :)
Thanks so much for offering this fabulous course. Maybe I am not gonna be a disaster worker in the future. I find this course quite practical. It helps me understand a lot of things about people in my everyday life. Some of the part can even be used for daily communication. I really love the way Dr Everly deliver the lectures. With simple, yet profound words. Sometimes I am even nearly moved into tears, feeling that someone has understood and spoken out the words that I always longed for. The simulation videos are also really handy in helping us understand the RAPID model.Thanks again for your great effort here. I will definitely recommend this course to my friends.
I have really enjoyed this course. The content is very interesting and engaging.  The only thing I struggled with was the lecture 8 triage simulation video. It was highly edited and fast and as it chopped up from person to person it was difficult to get a handle and really grapple with each individuals needs and thereby feel like I had simulated a triage consideration in any real sense. I only wish I had had access to this when I previously worked with refugee's in crisis situations!I am very grateful for the platform and would also add that it is a pleasure to work on the Coursera interface which makes the course more enjoyable and accessible. Many thanks.
I came across this course post lockdown in my country due to coronavirus. It seemed worth it for me to take this, not only to personally learn how to deal with the mental aspects of post disaster aid but also to help those around me to the best of my ability. I may not be a trained individual yet to deploy any psychological advice but this course has made a little more confident in my ability to at least listen and provide some support to my friends and the people around me in these trying times. The course is informative, insightful and well engaging for the amount of time that it was for. Thank you, Dr. George Everly, for being an amazing instructor! :)
This is probably the most informative, intellectual and useful courses i have done here so far. The videos are of perfect length. The quiz is moderately challenging which actually makes you study about the topic before attempting it. The course is planned beautifully, with simulations and videos which make understanding the topic more easy. And last but not the least, the amazing Tutor in Dr. George. This was one of those courses where i actually felt sad at the end of the course that Dr. George will not be teaching me next week. Surely one of the most prolific teachers I have ever had. Thank you Coursera and Johns Hopkins School of Public Health!!!
Excellent course and excellent instructor. I highly recommend taking this course even if you do not work as a first responder. I absolutely love Dr Everly approach in teaching the appropriate way, and many ways we can fail to support others. Thank you Dr Everly for all the great information I am taking with me, thousands of little seeds that you have planted and I will water and attend as I interact in the communities I come across for the rest of my life. And especially, I am taking these words from you as my NEW daily morning reflection : "Do the best you can every day, and do it because you believe your presence really matters". Very grateful ♥
Excellent Course. I wish there was more evaluations or points taken from the videos. Perhaps requirements to evaluate them, compare them and get observations form fellow students and teachers.I noticed that George sometimes had no reaction to Gina n some of the videos and perhaps this was necessary in order to make sure he stood on neutral ground. Like to have had George's thought's on this. Also perhaps one video going through the whole process from beginning to end would have helped show a complete model. But this course is one of the best I have ever taken and I want to thank John Hopkins University and Coursera for providing it.Jack Comer
This may be the best course I've taken on coursera yet. Dr. Everly is a very engaging lecturer and he explains the details of the model very well; it was very easy to understand. The quizzes where of a very appropriate level of difficulty, and I have learned a lot from the course as a whole. I especially liked that he included a section on self care. That is definitely a big obstacle to face in this line of work. After the first couple of lectures, I started to feel like I would very much like to pursue opportunities to utilize this model and help others, even if I may not see the results while I'm there. Thank you for a wonderful course!
4.5 STARSGreat course overall!  The content was relevant and clear, the program format was well laid-out and the videos brought the content to life.  Having the presenter notes below the slides was smart so that there is the option for learners to listen to and/or read the content.With online studies, the options for testing with immediate feedback are very limited, but for me personally, I don't perform all that well with multiple choice. Overall, I was pleased with the course and felt that the time put in was time well spent.  If I am ever in the situation where this is needed, I feel prepared enough to jump in and help.  Thank you!!
Quality introduction to psychological first aid. The course offers simulated examples on what to versus what not to do when responding to someone in crisis, as well as concrete examples for how best to engage in conversation (reflective listening techniques), criteria for accurately assessing & prioritizing survivor needs, and techniques for how to engage / respond to people in a way that is not off-putting and can assist in their recovery process. There is an opportunity to test your assessment skills, but it would be nice to be able to actually practice these skills in person (or in real-time) under the supervision of the instructor.
This is a well-organized specialized course. Dr. George Everly, Jr. is a very engaging instructor. It's certainly a privilege learning from the developer himself of Johns Hopkins University's RAPID Psychological First Aid (PFA) Model -- who's also an award-winning author and psychologist/researcher and who's had decades of fieldwork in helping and educating people, communities, mental health practitioners, and first responders worldwide. The tests in this course are also challenging enough and I'm proud to have completed this course. Here's a wealth of knowledge and information on the principles and applications of PFA. Thank you!
This course is full of practical information for anyone who desires to be better equipped to serve those in need during emergencies. The course is designed for everyone, so students do not need any formal training in mental health services or disaster preparedness to benefit from it. The RAPID model of Psychological First Aid is useful and easy to understand. The lecture videos are clear, and the simulations are very helpful to see what PFA looks like in practice. This is a great introduction to a needed skill that one can build upon later. I enjoyed it and would recommend it. Thank you Dr. Everly for offering this course!
This course is vital for people to take. Especially if you are already a first responder or thinking about training to be one. You won't complete it and leave knowing the psychological methods and teachers of the discipline. What you will leave with is exactly what the title tells you. The ability to help others in a crisis situation. Will you be an expert? Most likely not. But first aid is rarely about being perfect. First aid is about being the first available option that can help. The course from the very start explains what it is and what it's here for. This course is perfect for the current situation in the world.
Dr. Everly is a compelling and compassionate professor in his lectures, with a clear mastery and advanced level of experience that he shares. This course is balanced and helpful. It stresses that it is geared to those with no experienced in Psych, and it lives up to that name. I think this should be a mandatory course for any first responder. My only critique is that I would like optional advanced readings to be included for more in-depth readings, and I suggest that some kind of warning or debrief should be connected to the San Francisco fire video, as it may trigger traumatic response in some students. Great course!
I can't say enough good things about Dr. GS Everly Jr's course on Psychological First Aid: RAPID PFA. His teaching style made this course a breeze. I was able to gain a new understanding in how to help victims/survivors in the wake of disaster. His tone throughout the course helped to remind me that we are there to support these survivors and not label them with a mental health diagnosis (which is easy to do when you have a mental health worker background.) I feel confident in my abilities to help survivors in the wake of disaster after taking this course. Thank you Dr. Everly! I truly enjoyed taking this course.
This course given by Dr. George Everly has been very interesting. It has helped me a lot to gain a whole view on the best way to help others when they are facing psychological distress situations. This can help me on my work environment. I am happy to know some techniques which can help me help others.The way Dr. George Everly explains the contents of the course is beautiful, easy to understand. Even the tone of his voice makes easy to follow him and listening to him.The fact that there are transcripts helped me a lot incase I would not understand something (my mother tongue is not English).Thank you!!
I thought this course was thoroughly enjoyable! I learned a lot from the lectures with Dr. Everly and felt like I gained an overall perspective on PFA to use in my career field with crisis intervention. I would have preferred to have a few more options for choosing examples throughout the lectures and videos to quiz myself as I went through the modules, but that is a particular improvement that can be made. The quizzes were appropriately difficult and I thought this quick course provided a good understanding of PFA. I finished it within a few days because of how interesting the topic was! Recommend :)
This course is easy to follow with a mix of resources making it engaging and inspiring. I found the RAPID PFA model to be an effective and proactive response to dealing with adverse situations. It is very interesting to learn that this technique is found to be more effective than that of a series of post disaster psychotherapy, so this can be taught to non medical aid workers and possibly alleviate some of the sometimes unnecessary strain on medical and/or psychological resources. It is all about going back to basics, a need to reach out to others and a need to communicate and not suffer in silence.
I'm a newly graduated psychologist and this course had surprised me for some factors. It had broken a paradigm that the PFA it's not therapy! I had a idea that PFA was a sort of psychoteraphy, but I have learned that is not true. Some topics have helped me to better internalize psychology concepts more consciously like the reflective listening that is crucial for any type of mental health intervention.
I was surprised when I saw the study where it was proven that the PFA it's more effective than multisession psychoteraphy. Well, it was a course where I had a huge learning. Thank you teacher Everly!
I am really gratful for this course.  It's been a great pleasure to listen to Dr. George Everly. He really passed his compassion, indifference and huge experience in this course.The example videos were very helpful, you can really see how to use this or that element of the approach.As well as the examples of what not to do.The course gives a good view on what people are going through during disasters and other difficult times and on the ways of assisting in these situations.Thank you for the course again!I recommend it to everyone, because many elements of it are useful even in everyday life.
I enrolled in this course out of curiosity, and my expectations were not high, but in the end I really enjoyed it so much that I could not wait to full 5 weeks to complete it.  I'd like to congratulate George for the lessons and Gina for the simulations. By watching Gina's facial expressions and gestures, I really felt like I understood how to behave or, to be precise, how NOT to behave whenever I might feel I'm talking with someone in need. I also liked the tips on Dr Everly's Club, I'll try to learn them by heart. Thank you very much, and I hope I'll join you in further courses.
This is a clear, concise and insightful course on Psychological First Aid as a parallel in taking care of mental health needs, along side physical health needs, in the wake of disaster or severe trauma. It provides useful basic, initial interventionist steps that any person should understand or be aware of at least. Dr Everly delivers each presentation at a good pace, peppering the more technical details with personal injects that showcases his own experience in this field. All in all, I enjoyed his style in balancing the seriousness of the field with some levity and earnestness.
A very popular course, especially now, especially in our country , in the context of the second wave of coronavirus.Many sick people and those who have recovered are in need of psychological help and support.fear, panic attacks, uncertainty of the future, unemployment, this is what Kazakhstan has faced in the last two weeks after the release of quarantine.And they all need help, support, direction, information.your course is just great instruction! Protocol! What to do, how to do it and how not to do! To help As many people as possible And at the same time not to burn yourself!
This course exceeded my expectations! I came here not knowing much, with an open mind and I leave with an amazing learning experience and with deep knowledge on what PFA stands for and of what it can do and help during a crisis. As Dr. Everly mentioned towards the end of the course, this is only the beginning of this learning path and I can definitely say that I will continue it to eventually make a difference in someone's life (even if they don't tell me directly) but just the fact of knowing that I put this knowledge to good use will be more than enough. Thanks once again!
This was my first ever online course and I am completely satisfied with my decision of investing time on a course of psychological first aid.  Eventhough, I was skeptical in the beginning that whether I could follow the lectures, Prof. George S. Everly was a great instructor - organized and making things very simple and human. Thank you for your passion and for your willingness to share your experiences. I enjoyed every minute of your engaging lecture. The simulations helped a lot to understand the concept and relate to it in real life. Thank you very much for the course.
The Course exceeded my expectations. I even looked for specific resources related to the theme in Brazil, but I had not yet come across the RAPID methodology from Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health. The methodology used with the vignettes helped me a lot to have a better understanding of the theme. The best comparison I can make is when we are reading a good book that holds us. You start reading faster to absorb the story, but you get sad when you get to the end. Congratulations for the care and dedication shown in the construction of the course. Thank you!
I befriend several people in the community with mental health challenges who come to me frequently for support - them not always wishing to engage with professional services. My listening skills are important and I have qualified as a pastoral carer. What I have learnt on this course has helped my development in a challenging aspect of care and given me added confidence in my abilities to provide necessary support and/or appropriate referral. I am aiming to work as a pastoral carer in a women's prison where self harm and suicidal ideation are significant behaviours.
This course was very engaging, informative, interesting and I have definitely gained more insight into this topic and feel much more confident in helping others efficiently and empathically. I thought I was a good listener, but this course helped me to see where I need to improve my skills. I am very grateful to be able to go through this course, it helped me to realize that in order to help effectively others, I also need to implement regular self-care and avoid other potential pitfalls to stay resilient. One of the best courses ever!!!! Thank you so much♥️
I thoroughly enjoyed the course. The course was systematic and ended with clarity. As i had witnessed a natural disaster (Floods) in my hometown I could relate the lesson very much to the disaster. Though I thought I helped victims physically now I know the psychological gaps which I couldn't address then. This course helped me to analyse what I could have done during that crisis. Discussion forum was good in reading fellow coursers view on the case study.Thanks to Professeor Everly and John Hopkins University. Congratulations to all the fellow coursers.
Dr. Everly presented this course in a concise way to explain RAPID model, and as a beginning counselor, I found this course is particularly helpful to refresh some of the basic helping skills. I love the simulation part since it provides me with the direct experience of what kind of statement can be harmful. This course also offers slides as well. While I am writing notes for the course, PPT actually saves my time to jot down the concepts and definitions. After all, I do like Dr. George Everly's slow approach and kind attitude. Thank you very much!
Very interesting and educative course that will help people in all walks of their life. I am a student and I am not sure when i will require the skills I have learnt in this course, but I am positive this course has a progressive impact on my life and if I ever face a situation of trauma or crisis, I will handle myself and those around me better and be the best help I can. My understanding of the importance of listening actively is a huge booster to my social skills. Thank you Prof. George, for making the lectures very interesting and enjoyable.
It's my first accomplished course at the Coursera and I am happy about it. It'd been very comfortable to learning during these weeks because of short and informative lectures with presentations (what a great conspectus!) - I was able to revise information any time I want. Great representative vignettes and short quizzes helped to apply and not to forget new knowledge.  I came with a vague image of PFA and minimum skills and now I'm finishing the course with a complete understanding of the subject and with quite inspiration. Thanks for that!
Excellent resource for first responders/ community workers and even faith based counselors. This is something that can even be useful to protect your family or friends in their distress and psychological adversity. I had a friend who was in depression and was thinking to commit suicide but speaking with her and comforting her, showing compassion and being there for her, helped her and slowly slowly she started improving. This course has helped me a lot to speak with my clients at work who calls after natural disasters or auto accidents. :)
I have completed the course (Psychological First Aid)  .I must admit that I did not expect much from this course before I started.However,now my ideas are completely changed.I feel that it is a very important and unique course ,a must for young students and volunteers who want to be useful to the society.The very simple and easy method followed to impart the knowledge is unique. I express my deep appreciation to Mr George and his team. I wish many such  short and sweet courses  to come in future.My age is only 78 years. Regards to all.
This course teaches the students the step by step ways on dealing with people who went through traumatic situation. It has simulations, and together with that, it shows how to and how to not approach a survivor. It also tackles the history of Psychological FIrst aid and the different action that should be done to different situations that are taking place to every session with the survivors. I learned a lot from the course, like the importance of Psychological First Aid and the procedures from the start to the end of the procedure.
The lectures were informative; they have no doubt helped personally and will surely help as first responders. Similarly, the simulation highlighted certain points where probably one might go wrong, do or say something that might hurt the survivor. Further, self-care, another important aspect; it is a good thing that it was included because many times people who help others eventually forget about helping themselves. Overall, it was an informative lesson. Thank you to Dr Everly and Johns Hopkins University for designing this course.
Great course! I wish I could know all this back in 2006 when my city (Haifa, Israel) was shelled. I highly recommend it not only for disaster relief but also for family help. Any person could be in distress because of sickness, job problems, etc. This course gives usable tools for these cases. As a follow-up, I'd suggest an addendum: PFA for children. Children suffer much more than adults in disasters and their suffering additionally complicates their parents' state. Similar course could greatly helps.Thank you very much, George!
I thoroughly enjoyed the course. It provided relevant information and was taught in a very engaging matter. The vignettes were very helpful in understanding the application of the concepts taught. The instructor was very clear and gifted in explaining the lessons. The assessments were the right amount of challenging. Thank you for making this MOOC accessible to the public, may more people be aware of how to provide PFA for those who need it in times of crisis and apply it even to daily troubles faced by those around them.
This course taught me a lot about responding to the needs of others and remembering the importance of self-care. More than the proper way of responding and helping in a crisis, Dr. Everly's way of discussing and explaining things in a well-thought and understandable flow helped me appreciate the course despite the seriousness of the topic. Most of all, it warmed my heart when he said, "I thank you for taking time out of your busy life to learn a little bit more about making a positive difference in someone else's life."
Very helpful - if you wish to embark on a career path where stress is ever present (anything that requires you being deployed to places where high individual stress is expected, like a war zone or disaster site, or even 911 operator), or you want to enlarge your personal knowledge of psychiatry, then this course is extremely helpful. I personally took it because everyone is having a crisis right now with Covid-19, and it demonstrated good basic responses and teachings as to how to approach people coming to you for help.
The best course I have come across related to to psychological first aid. Carefully and strategically designed. Although it is designed for public health and emergency professionals but it will benefit in the area of counselling. Professor George wonderfully designed it and delivered it. The best part of the course is simulation. Not only they teach but also demonstrate making you to understand the concept in a practical manner to the core. So thank you so much professor George for coming up with this wonderful course.
The use of the simulation videos was something I found incredibly helpful. It was also important that the simulation videos presented how well-meaning individuals can botch things up and it was good to see how these mistakes can occur and the resultant impact on the individual in a crisis. I also felt that the use of actual cases from the fire was very helpful, both in gaining a sense of perspective of how this is in real life, but also in being able to see how first responders and survivors were impacted by the event.
I really enjoyed learning this course and found it to be rewarding. The content is very well explained by Dr. George Everly who is a pioneer in the field. He gave some very valuable information and was very thorough in explaining the RAPID model. I feel more confident in my skills to help people in times of adversity and will happily offer my help to disaster relief services in the future. I may see what else Dr. Everly teaches because I think he is an outstanding professor and has such a great demeanor. Thank you.
As a 22 year-old portuguese aspiring journalist and writer, I feel that the knowledge I gained will be essential to my daily life. As a journalist and also as my grandma's main caregiver (she suffers from Alzheimer's disease), I am sure that exploring the intricacies of the human mind and interpersonal interactions, especially with regard to moments of fragility, is imperative. In this way, I hereby come to thank Dr. George Everly for the content he has produced as well for the professionalism and experience shown.
The course is brief yet very substantial. I am profoundly satisfied with how the videos and vignettes provide concrete examples of the topics being discussed (including the correct and flawed presentations). I am also very delighted with how the whole PFA is acted out. It is very engaging and relatable. Thank you for offering this course. I wish you offer more courses related to this (perhaps building resilience in times of crisis) so more people in the community can provide effective crisis intervention response.
This was an excellent course. As a victim of acute psychological terror myself, I find this course very comforting. It's nice to know there are trained professionals out there who know how to handle intensely stressful situations for others. Without the help of other experienced individuals during my time of need, I never would have recovered to the capacity I have, or not nearly as fast without their help. Now, I can use my experience and training to help others as well. These informative courses can save lives.
Well-thought, qualitatively designed and, in the mean time, brief course. Very simple structure (definitely a good thing!) and simulation videos make Psychological First Aid very interesting subject to learn. All actions are analyzed and explained in detail. Would recommend it not only to psychologists, physicians or other doctors, but also to those who are interested in psychology itself and have no academic background in this area. You may discover some new stuff that will be both curious and useful for you
I found Dr. Everlys' course to be invaluable, both professionally and personally.  His method of teaching was engaging and thoughtful.  His personal experience came through loudly and clearly and enhanced the learning opportunities throughout the course.  I would enthusiastically recommend my friends and colleagues take this course and would enthusiastically enroll in other courses taught by Dr. Everly.  I learned about this course from a colleague who completed it ~ so I shall pay it forward as well!  Thank
I'm pleasantly surprised by how much I learned as a complete novice in a short span of time. As an introductory course to psychological first aid, the course exceeded my learning expectations. I found the videos to be engaging and the the assessment was wasn't tedious. I will definitely find ways to further my understanding of the area. Considering that I have signed up for many courses and this is the first one I've ever completed definitely helps me believe that this course was very rewarding! Thank you!
Dr Everly structured the material in a way that made it easy for me to see both the bigger picture plus the nuts and bolts. He gave good and clear explanations, interesting positive and negative vignettes and practical learning handles. It's helpful for learning to be able to download the lecture slides and even the transcripts. The Everly guide to burnout at the end simply cracked me up. Kudos and thank you! My hats off to Dr Everly as well for having done this work for not 10, not 20, but 40 years. Woah.
This course helped me understand the basics and essentials in reaching out to people in need. The pandemic situation we are experiencing now threw all of us out of our comfort zones and the current scenario demands that we prepare ourselves to be of help, which is less materialistic and more psychological. This course I am sure helped me understand to identify people who need us the most and the way to handle and help them emotionally. I thank our instructor George Everly and everyone who made it possible.
Thank you for the course. I enjoyed it's structure, content and Dr. Everly's manner of reporting. This course helped me gain skills and tools necessary to provide PFA, if needed. Also it motivated me to continue my education in Psychology as my Master. Once again I thank  John Hopkins University and Coursera platform for provided opportunity to learn something new and acquire tools that can help me help others during challenging times, including the times  we all are going through at the moment (COVID-19).
Dr. Everly is an engaging presenter with clear enunciation, sense of humor, and soothing voice. The program is well structured and easy to understand even for someone who is only doing this for personal learning and is not from one of the specified target audience. The topic of “assessment and prioritization” was a bit vague and I noted that the answers of participants in the forum indicated that a lot of people, including myself were still confused...so these modules perhaps needed further clarification.
I found the information provided by this course to be exactly what I needed and it was presented well. There were also plenty of references provided for going deeper if necessary. I didn't like the disjointed nature of the quizzes, you're asked questions about the information that appears later in the course. Maybe the idea is to encourage you to go back and retake the quizzes but I found it frustrating. I would recommend the course to anyone who may need to understand more about psychological first aid.
While some of the techniques discussed were commonsense, it was extremely beneficial to see which techniques were supported by clinical evidence as being most effective for helping people to have the best outcomes in crisis situations. It was also useful to see breakdown and analysis of unhelpful responses, which lifted "saying the right thing" from the intuitive realm of "you have it or you don't" into the analytical realm of "this is what you should say, and this is WHY you shouldn't say X, Y, or Z."
The course content was really relevant and highly informative. I also love the video simulations where we can see how PFA should not and should be done. While I've already been doing PFA, I still feel like I learned a lot of new things from this course. Dr. George Everly's slides on the Burnout Club was hilarious but true!Thanks much to for that important reminder: that what we do makes a difference. It really is hard to remember this at times with all that's happening around the world. So, thank you.
I enjoyed the class format; the videos, quizzes and appreciate the further list of readings at the end of the course. I feel like I will make a difference, no mater how insignificant it may seem at first, in the lives of someone who has experienced a traumatic event. I am also grateful for others who have take this course or similar training in the effort to provide others with comfort and support. Someday, hopefully not, I may need the same and it is nice to know this support is available. Thank you!
This a very helpfull tool to everyone capable of aplying its principles. I think that this kind of knowledge should be as mandatory as knowing first aids ABC. It will be useful if one of the sess.ions where focused on teaching relaxation techniques, because althought there are so many and thy have permeated culture, many times there are done badly so people desestimate them. I am sure Dr Everly can instruct some of the more useful techniques he has used during his extensive experience. Thank you.
Greetings from Sri Lanka. This course on PFA has been an amazing journey. As an education therapist/ a special needs teacher I deal with many parents who have to face the situation of having their children diagnosed with a disorder. This is a crisis for them, struggling to come to terms with and find help. And through this course I have learned so much on what needs to be done to help stabilize and mitigate acute distress at a crisis situation. Thank you Dr. George for your valuable lectures!
The course was brief but extremely useful; as a psychology undergraduate, it was a very insightful and enriching experience into the world of PFA; although the course wasn't designed for mental health clinicians and practitioners, knowing how to mitigate and stabilize people in acute distress that went through a harrowing event  and be able to make them feel understood and supported, is a lesson in empathy that everyone should learn. Also, Dr. George Everly has an incredibly soothing voice.
Dr. Everly is easy to listen to, obviously an expert in his field, and imparts just the right level of information in this course. It will by no means make you an instant practitioner of the PFA art, but if you were thrust into the role, it would help immensely to have this overview under your belt. Drawback: it will whet your appetite for more! I did buy Dr. Everly's book, "The Johns Hopkins Guide to Psychological First Aid" for further study and reference. I highly recommend this course.
This is the most empowering and encouraging course I have had in two years. Saying goodbye to this course, I feel as if I were saying goodbye to a friend. I think this course has helped me with my professional burnout. Dr. George Everly is a very charming lecturer, I feel sympathy for him. I felt difficulties when it came to the language barrier while passing the test, but this did not prevent me from receiving important information, as there were subtitles in the video,Thank you so much!
I love it. It was very informative and straight forward at the same time. It’s a class I’ve been meaning to take but also happened to fall in to. The instructor made me think about things a lot differently than I had been before taking the class and I needed that. I look forward to using the skills I’ve acquired in my everyday life and during this pandemic.  Thank You so much for offering the class and giving individuals the opportunity to learn at their own pace and also to help others.
Excellent course! I have already recommended it to several co-workers and people in my field of work. As a trained birth doula, I have received necessary tools to assist parents and relatives after traumatic birth experience, as well as, have a list of relevant resources available to continue their support and recovery when it is out of the scope of my practice and training. I am also happy to be equip with this training for the needs of the community in emergency situations.Thank you.
The course prepared by Dr. Everly may be brief but concise. It is appropriate to all mental health/psychological responders regardless of degree or societal level, but the most special ingredient is the compassion to help people on the aftermath of a crisis. Dr. Everly, showed a great passion in this area of psychological first aid model by providing a course that is his expertise and calls for an advocacy to help each other - because we need each other specially in times of distress.
It is a wonderful  course with practical  orientation and very  useful  for  anyone  volunteering for PFA in any kind of calamity. The presentation  is simple so that  a newcomer without  any knowledge  of psychology can grasp the subject. The course helps a person  to be a better  himan being by developing  empathy  within him and a spirit to serve fellow  humans in distress.These skills are essential  for each human being and therefore  this course is of universal  applicability.
This is an excellent course.  I completed the course in a week because the content is so interesting and very well presented through great lectures and very useful simulation videos.  George is very clear and concise and I think he is a great teacher, who uses simple language so everyone can understand and provides many relevant examples to reinforce the points.  I'm sure I will be reviewing the content over and over again.  Highly recommended to anyone interested in the subject.
I graduated from college 10 years ago and its been 8 years without practicing my career which is Psychology. I had forgotten how much a love it, and this course has help me to retake my studies and save some from the forgotten trash can. I feel this course has given me the end of the thread so I can be guided again. I am not sure if the practice its my passion anymore or if I have the vocation, but whoever is in the same situation than me, this course will give the hope 100%
It was  a nice experience taking this course. The things discussed in this might be actually known, but the significance lies in that George tells you what should not be done in the face of a disaster. As much as it is important to do what should be done, it is also important to not do what should not be done. This course has surely made me more aware of my language  around people in distress. Also, now I am conscious of the usefulness of PFA. I am glad I took this course.
So helpful. Prior to this course, I struck up conversations with several strangers, who approached me in distress. A man on a bus sat down next to me - he said he was recovering from heroin - he had just suffered a relapse after being clean for several months and was afraid to tell anyone he knew. I met a teen on a bike path - he had just moved from another city to escape a high-risk life and felt lost and alone. A man experiencing homelessness told me his shocking story.
This was a very educational course. Teaches you on how to communicate with individuals going through a stressful situation, how to assess for which individual requires more psychological help, and teaches you about interventions, follow-up, as well as self-care to protect yourself as well. Recommend this course. I was able to finish it in one day, after going through it for a few hours straight. I just wish that they used multiple scenarios to demonstrate communication.
The use of examples (in the good and bad videos) explains the theories and methodology succinctly. These videos helped drive the course content and increase my understanding of the subject. Pace was good, which really allowed me a chance to practice or memorize certain important aspects of the topic. Speaker was not monotonous and helped made the material much easier to digest! Overall, a really in-depth course worth learning! It would help a lot in my everyday life!
This course was very well set out and followed a very well thought out and organised systematic approach. The presentation and media were presented in a very professional manner. The quizzes were well thought out with clear questions and instructions and each one was preceded by a module that provided all of the information required to be able to complete each quiz successfully.I feel that I have been well prepared for the role of a Psychological First Aid provider.
First of all, I'm sorry if my grammar is not correct, english is not my native language. This course helped me so much because not being from the health or mental health service i have no idea what PFA even was. I didn't even knew it existed such a thing but knowing it now i'm so glad that it does. Only the process of rapport and active listening is so important in our daily lives, this course also let me knew a lot about myself like my anger management problems.
An a young enthusiast aiming to step into the field of psychology,  this course "psychological  first aid" gave me the perfect insights. Heartiest thank you to Professor George for his excellent teaching skills. Thank you Coursera for providing a wonderful platform. Considering the skills I gained through this course, I promise that I' ll be a responsible professional in the field of mental health  who would aid people in need with proper psychological first aid.
This is a beautifully designed course and very much helpful for learners like me, who have little or no knowledge in this field! The presentation slides are nicely explained and the firestorm videos and specially the "Simulation" part make this course exceptionally engaging and comprehensive. Thank you so much Professor George Everly, Johns Hopkins University, the Coursera team and everyone else related to this course for making it a rewarding experience for me.
This was an extremely informative and useful course. I believe the material is something all persons should learn not only for the support of those in a disaster, but to also learn and understand how to communicate with those who are experiencing all types distress. This course was well-written and the material easy to understand. It is my hope that more people are interested in the idea and implementation of PFA. It's something everyone could/will benefit from.
This was a really great course. I took a similar course like this through another on line site and it didn't go into any of the details etc. I loved the Professor and his knowledge. Especially that he had field experience. I'm not sure what I will do with it but the interest is definitely there to help others. I'm not sure that I would be a good fit for crisis around the world but I'd like to explore it somewhat to see what use I could do in helping others.
I would like to thank you heartily for providing such a valuable course online. It is not easy to deal with such disasters or people affected by it and I have seen many people with good intentions who want to help but just don't know how or what might they have been doing wrong. This course truly helps to identify such points and make the whole point of the conversation helpful. Thank you for teaching this skill to the public. All the best and keep it up!
I'm very grateful to have taken this course. I have learnt so much and it's reassuring to know that I can apply this in my daily life and use this to help a community in the wake of disasters and even in general. Even though I had a busy schedule, taking this course was not overwhelming and it was easy to digest (plus fun!). I really recommend this course. Even dedicating around 1-2 hours per week will do fine, for those who also have a packed schedule.
Thank you Coursera, Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health and Dr. George Everly Jr. for this course. Previously I thought that the conventional triage was enough to save lives. But here, when I learned Psychological First Aid, I realize that there's to saving than just healing physical injuries. I hope many students will enroll with this course and hopefully many of them can apply them when distaster comes along the way. Thank you very much!
The content of the course is very well organized and the material presented is a great resource. But what I think made this course more enjoyable and engaging, was the perfect pace when speaking and the communication skills of the professor using a clear and well spoken language and perfect use of punctuation and pauses during the lectures. As a non native English speaker this was really appreciated, and his years of experience teaching are evident.
Exceptional course! Lectures were engaging, informative, and insightful. I would definitely recommend this course to anyone who might be thinking about providing assistance in a crisis situation. Furthermore, there are skills taught in this course that prove not only useful in crisis situations but in everyday life as well. Needless to say I am excited to practice what I have learned from this course into any and all situations I may be involved in!
Thank you for offering the course, such a nice way "Rapid" to asses a person in need of PFA and help to relief his trauma. The course was very interesting that i though I just pass it in short time, but I realize I learn few  effective methods while taking pre and post course survey. I recommend people devoted in public health sector, medicine, rescue volunteer and officers and people work with Humanitarian field to take this course. Thank you.
You know, when I first looked through this course information, being not related to the field but being interested, I felt as if I would not be able to understand what is being taught. But the best thing is I think I have never taken a better course than this one. It helped me learn a lot. I am almost sad that the course has ended. It would also be safe to say that I have never had a better instructor teach me.Thank you so much for this course!
I took this course, because I think its very important, to knowing how to help people in critical situations. Thank you for this amazing course! It was so informative, I have learned a lot! I think, this is one of the most useful courses at this site. Thank you for this possibility. I liked videos the most in this course .The way it was showing how to speak in correct way, how to respond and what to say to people, who need help.Thanks a a lot!
I love this course! I am an active duty Navy Nurse frequently deployed in combat zones and humanitarian missions. I can use the skills I learned not only to help the patients in need but to help teach other military personnel and my civilian counterparts how to foster effective communication and care for others as well as themselves using Psychological First Aid! I will definitely use Coursera again and highly recommend Coursera to my peers!
I am a home help aide, I love helping people. I was looking for a course in Life Coaching, and found this course. I know it will go well with my job in, helping the families of the victims i care for. I was surprise that PFA was a course. It's a great course and we all need to learn how to help one another in times of lost. I know now I am ready to help other I feel confident, because of what i learn in this course. Thanks you all very much.
I enjoyed the whole layout of this course. It was easy to follow and video review was extremely helpful to comprehend. I did notice that some of the quiz questions were unclear/ambiguous and I had to guess at a  couple.  Other than than, as mentioned, enjoyable and easy to follow.I did pay money to have the certificate upon completion.  How and when can I expect to see this?  Will it be electronic or in the mail?Kind Regards,Simonne White
This course was very interesting and gave me some theoretical knowledge and transferable skills. It was not too time-consuming (a couple hours a week), can be paused, and done on weekdays or weekends. Through the simulations, I was able to get a grasp of what it would be like to provide psychological first aid. A very useful and interesting course for those working in or interested in mental health, general health, or crisis intervention.
It does what is promises to do very well, it's a great introduction to PFA, but I think also useful in other life situations and I would suggest this course to anyone who would like to show more compassion towards people in everyday life and is not sure how to do so. Most importantly, however, it does introduce the state people may be in after a disaster well, and arms you with some knowledge of how to be of assistance in such situations.
As a School Counsellor I have found the course to be very helpful.  Working with a population of just over 1000 students, having to teach, facilitate university applications, while also looking after the emotional, social and psychological needs of my student population I can see where the tenets of PFA can prove very beneficial.  The module on Self Care was also very insightful.  Thank you for making this course available at this time.
Enjoyed this course. Some instructors in this platform teach like they are reading from a script. Not Dr. Everly. Explanations of material is very clear, and it felt like I was attending this class in person. I started applying that first "R" in my day-to-day interactions with clients and students ... and it's true. Most of us want to or need to be given the space to be heard. Am going to take special note of "Top Ten Ways to Burnout".
This course provides a fairly solid understanding of the RAPID model of Psychological First Aid. The content includes written, visual, and auditory learning materials to target multiple learning styles. Simulations and actual interviews from trauma and disaster survivors offer clear examples of what one might encounter in situations where PFA is needed. The course has left me feeling much more prepared to be of service in my community.
I have ben involved in law enforcement and military in excess of 30 years.  This course is new ground for most within these communities.  As I am now a manager and "leader" of first responders, I have implemented programs to support staff in developing their own understanding of psychological first aid.  This course will be one of the requirements  It is a great introduction for those new members who may not have faced life challenges
Thank you for this course! As a person who studies psychological techniques on his own and is interested in this topic for personal development - for me it was fascinating to learn new knowledge, complementing the old ones. The presentation of the material is very well constructed, it is convenient to read and learn. The pleasant voice of the lecturer, communication with other students at the forum - everything was very successful.
This course is excellent. I work as a security technician for a mental health hospital and took this to supplement the training I received for my job as well as to be able to offer support  to others in disaster situations. While taking this course, I actually used some of the techniques I learned to intervene in crisis situations with patients at the mental health facility I work at and to successfully deescalate those situations.
PFA is a seemingly simple approach, to effect great change, where most needed. There is no need to wait for a named crisis event to apply PFA. The skills contained in this course can equally be applied to an individual in crisis. As with all these Moodle courses, you get out what you can put in. I thoroughly recommend this course to my network of friends. Who knows, one day someone might apply PFA skills to me in a time of need.
The course is well curated with key concepts repeated multiple times - learning material is illustrated and supported by vignettes. The length of the lectures is very reasonable which allows for you to complete the course within 1-2 days - I find this useful because you are able to take in the RAPID method of psychological first aid as a whole and not in pieces.The course delivers what it promised and I am happy that I took it.
As a clinical psychology student, I am aware that reflective listening and empathetic language work like magic. The use of these two techniques can stabilize things and prevent them from getting worse. I am glad to be able to provide instant help without the need of digging deeper into the person's history, as well as being qualified to provide a long term assessment when needed.  Thank you Coursera and doctor, George Everly.
As an undergraduate psychology student, this course on Psychological First Aid (PFA) has been invaluable. It has helped me to clearly distinguish the differences between PFA and long term clinical care. I look forward to using what I learned here both in my personal life and later on in the field as a professional. I would highly recommend this course to anyone who is interested in learning about PFA and how to implement it.
I found this course really interesting, useful,
practical and with a very good level of teaching. I am an Italian psiotherapist
... and I can say that it was not taken for granted. In our healthcare system
there is still no preparation in this regard: it is not certain that a good clinician
is also prepared for an emergency. It served me to increase my skills in this
regard. I have recommended the course to many colleagues
The pace of the course was very well thought out. For someone who is neurodivergent and interested in psychology, this is a course that really helped in capturing interesting, but also consistently keeping that interest. If you're someone who lives in a disaster prone region, I definitely recommend taking this course, it builds self resilience, empathy and also helps you understand how you can help others during a crisis.
Amazing course!!! I couldn't believe I completed my course having learning difficulty in the past my confidence went low its been 3 years since I've completed my MBA in media and entertainment and in the COVID situation during lockdown I learned something very new and thanks to Johns Hopkins University for giving me such amazing online learning. Hope to get a reply from your team! I would like to thanks Sir George Everly
Very interesting course, it took all of my attention for a while. The concepts are well defined and the classes were enjoyable (even though the slideshow itself was lacking images). The best part is surely the simulations that, besides being funny sometimes, could demonstrate really well the real life situations that one might participate. Overall, i feel like i can help someone in this situation way better than before.
Really nice and easy to understand to me. Even though a lot of information and examples were known to me, it was good to reflect on the terms, learn some new bits and reinforce my understanding. I think Week 5 is really important and we should not forget that firstly we need to love and take care of ourselves and only then we can help others. Would recommend it to anyone as it is just one of the basic things to know.
Overall a very solid course, high quality material, spread over a reasonable amount of time. I would recommend this course to anyone interested in the basics of a psychological approach used with individuals in times of disaster, or for example, a pandemic, I think it will help me monitor and check-in on my own and family/friends' reactions during the Covid-19 pandemic, and provide appropriate assistance, as needed.
I joined this course late, but I did not regret the time spent for this. It is a well-structured module, following the RAPID response and not forgetting the "caregiver"/"response-person". My heart goes out to the people in need of emotional help, especially when faced with disasters and distress. I hope that my learning (and other coursemates') will make that important difference in at least that one person's life.
It's short but packed full of practical knowledge for lay person. The instructor Dr. George was really excellent in the narration, love his modulated voice, and did an excellent role playing. I really enjoyed this course, and loved listening to all the videos. The notes in the videos really help integrate the lectures together. Thank you Dr. George, thank you Coursera. Would take any course presented by Dr. George.
PFA is an excellent course! I obtained a great learning through its didactics, lectures and tests. In addition to having learned a lot from the discussion forum that was essential, because through it there was an exchange and sharing of knowledge with several students around the world. I intend to take and put into practice all the knowledge acquired to help other people who are going through moments of adversity.
It's easy to understand even for you who have zero knowledge about this course. More importantly it's very useful thing to learn, especially for you who work as public health personnel, public health educator, emergency responders, and disaster workers. It's not just providing us about how to assist victim of disaster, but also how to maintain our self-care. Thanks a lot for providing this course on Coursera!
A very enjoyable introduction to a subject I was intrigued by but knew little about.  Dr Everly has very good delivery, he is easy to follow with no unexplained jargon or waffle.  The simulations are informative and involving.  I hope I never find myself in a disaster situation, but what I've learned here will stand me in good stead, even in smaller scale distressing events.  Many thanks from a happy learner!
This was a terrific overview by one of the field's leading authorities, George S. Everly, Jr., Ph.D. The course was well paced and moved through the topic logically. Having the opportunity to experience Dr. Everly's simulations and observations on video made the topic more accessible and compelling. I will be recommending this course to others and have ordered his book on the same topic.Caren M. Carney, Ph.D.
A very useful and entertaining course, I did enjoy George Everly's lessons. The course completely meets the goal in giving a solid approach to the psychological first aid method. You can find it useful even in your daily life, explaining how to be a sensitive and supportive person when facing with a friend or a member of your family in distress, and a well-balanced person yourself. Thank you for this course.
While I am not professionally a medical responder or mental health worker, I found the course to be extremely interesting and possibly useful in the possibility of an emergency, and as a stepping stone in the opportunity to start a career in disaster response. I highly recommend this course to anybody who would like to make a difference in people's lives, especially those who are in their darkest moments.
Thak you very much for the course! A am  counseling psychologist and new earlier about interventions, but the structure of information how to work with trauma all this "emergency" strategies are veru useful for me. Also now in pandemic whether a person is an employee of a psychological service or not, it is useful for anyone to take this course. Moreover, the material is presented clearly and in detail.
very interesting and enlightening teachings on psychological first aid - the listening skills learnt can be applied to our everyday lives as well, not just when working with people who suffered trauma. Prof George is very engaging and the lectures were well-paced and well-explained. The videos of crises and the simulations were very helpful in aiding my understanding of what to do and what not to do.
I would like to say thank you first to God for using me and for leading to this course inorder for me to help others inconnection with Covid19, Thank you to George Everly, Jr., PhD, Thank you to John Hopkins University, thank you Coursera and to staff behind Cousera, thnak you guyz for the unfailing love and dedication to help people like by giving a free course, thank you guyz, God bless you guys!.
a lot of people are complaining about repeating the same scene, but I think that's the right way to see all of the aspects in the same situation!the course was simple, easy to understand, and full of great informationwhat I have learned that these stips and techniques will help you deal with anybody's problems around you, you don't even have to be in a disaster place or inside a warTHANK YOU SO MUCH
This course was a useful overview of the PFA process. If you've had similar training, e.g. MHFA, this makes for a good refresher of its paradigms as well. If I had to add some comment for improvement, I may suggest that the pre/post survey questions be scrubbed to coincide more with the material covered. Nevertheless, this was a great course I'd recommend to anyone with a passing interest or desire.
This is an excellent and well-conducted course. The instructions are clear. The course is very practical in nature and takes users through best-practices and helps them understand the reasoning behind the best practices and risks, when psychological first aid is not properly carried out. I do recommend this course not only for professionals in the field, but literally everyone who cares for people.
This course is an easy to follow introduction into the world of PFA based on a well constructed RAPID model and taught by an experienced professor. The nature of presentation using a clear introduction into the topic being taught, a lecture on the topic and clinical vignettes of the right or wrong way to implement what is being taught allow a variety of learners to come away with understanding.
I enjoyed learning all about helping others in the crisis times.  George was great! Super easy to understand and listen. The quizzes were fun challenging and very educative. I will definitely get the certificate. Another thing, is that RAPID can be used in daily life with friends and family. Resources are harder to find but is Definitely something I will look forward to.  AMAZING COURSE!!!!!!!
It is a very relevant course for the present day. What a delight it is to see communities help each other! However, not everyone is born into a supportive community. Taking this course, however, has helped me gain a community, even just virtually. This course has also ministered first aid, unknowingly, to me. I will always be grateful for finding out about the Psychological First Aid course.
A really nice course, even if you cannot fully understand the lesson, the simulations will make sure you do. helpful advices in general, not just dealing with people in need (victims of disasters and traumas) but also normal people. In cases like you accidentally touch some of the painful memories, this course somehow help me not to freak out and say stupid stuff that may make things worse.
This is a great and valuable experience! Dr. George Everly is a great instructor, with his expertise for over 40 years. This course is essential, most especially to the countries where countless disasters usually happen. As a public school teacher, a public servant, this made me prepared just in case my learners will need Psychological First Aid from me. Thank you so much for the knowledge.
I must thank you for this opportunity. It was exciting for me to learn a new model and the instructor explained it very clearly so that I can remember what I have learned. A lot of things that were covered in the course can be applied to various situations, they are not limited to adversity so I thank you again for my personal development. I hope I got to take another course from you again.
I am a Psychology student at University of Trieste and before this course, no one ever taught me how to respond and help' people in a situation on emergency. Since this is one of the fields I'd very much like to work in, this course has been very helpful and has taught me so much. Also the lessons are very easy to follow, even for people who don't speak fluent english. Thank you very much.
This course is a perfect introduction to Psychological First Aid. The overview of PFA is succinct and easy to follow. You will learn some basic skills for building rapport, assessment, prioritizing individuals, intervention, and disposition (including following-up). I would recommend this course for anyone who may be exposed to trauma in their lives (which is to say, anyone and everyone!).
It's my first time learning this psychological first aid. Learning this course, has given me new knowledge in ways to handle when we meet people in need of psychological first aid. I feel that this is very helpful since I don't come from medical background. Now that I have learnt, I am feeling more confident if I am given opportunity or if I face similar situation as shown  in the course.
I am an undergraduate student here in the Philippines and planning to pursue medical school after. I enrolled in this subject out of curiosity and also as an experience since this is my first ever online class and I enjoyed it to the point that I was able o finish the whole course in 2 days. The assessment videos really helped a lot to further understand the lectures provided. Thank you!
I personally learned a lot in this course. More than Psychological First Aid and all its theories and components, I learned about its application, as a life skill that I believe will trully help me help others, not just during posttraumatic events, but in life as a whole as well. Thank you Sir George, the rest of Johns Hopkins and all those people behind for making all these possible. :)
I'm grateful to Dr. Everly for offering this free training! This course gives a fundamental understanding of psychological first aid in a very informative and engaging way. The simulation videos are great to facilitate understanding on what not to do and what can be done. Dr. Everly's knowledge and experiences make it easy to learn this topic from him without mental health training.
Great course. Helped me learn a lot about Psychological First Aid and crisis intervention. I would try to use the techniques of the RAPID model taught in this course whenever I get an opportunity to help stabilize people suffering from acute distress and would try my best to mitigate their psychological distress. Thank you, DR. George Everly, for this wonderfully insightful course.
The way Dr. Jorge Everly presents this course is incredible for a free online course. This is my second course from Coursera, I've taken and the first one is just one big lecture it sounds like - no stopping to break anything down, no slides, not much summary and review.This course was incredibly easy to retain knowledge in and presented in such a warm way by the professor. Thanks!
Thank you Pr George, jhons Hopkins University and Coursera for this wonderful course, which i enjoyed and willing to put all the knowledge and skills/tools on practice. The only thing it's the course is free with free certificate but i cannot see it. I only see the option to purchase the certificate which is confusing.I appreciate your help to get the free certificate. Thank you.
I found this course to be worthwhile, and I have already used some of the PFA techniques, not in a disaster situation, but with my sister who had seen a really bad situation and had difficulty rationalizing what was going on.  I used the listening and reflection techniques to "walk her back off the ledge" so to speak, got her to calm down, think rationally, and act effectively.
It is very helpful when it comes to realize about the cognitive, emotional, spiritual, behavioral and psychological reactions a person can have  after a hard situation. The stages of the John Hopkins PFA RAPID model were very clear and provided me a better understanding of psychological reactions and how I can help to mitigate distress. I am definitely recommending this course!
I am SO glad that I have taken this course with Doctor George Everly; he has 40 years in the field and his professionalism and the way he teaches definitely shows.  He has this ability to make the class engaging AND understandable to the general public who (probably) doesn't have clinical expertise.  It can be a rough subject matter, but I have faith that you will be resilient.
This course was extremely helpful in understanding what is PFA and how we can use RAPID model to help people after a disaster. I liked Dr George Everly. His voice is so comforting. He teaches passionately. Simulations were the best part to understand what not to say. Thanks Prof George Everly for designing the course, I will look forward to learn advanced level of this course.
This course is interesting, engaging and insightful. Once you start the course, you will have the tendency to continue until you finished it. There are a lot of things to learn and revelations about the technique that are very well presented to learners. The passing score is challenging but it will make you study seriously and take down notes while reading and watching videos,
A tremendously insightful course, and more relevant than ever as our understanding of disaster situations and mitigating the human cost increases. The acted out scenes were excellent and demonstrated ever so clearly how these interactions unfold. Thank you to the team who put this together and I look forward to future instalments for the university.
Kind RegardsJason Canning
I really enjoyed  taking this course, it has  help me  as an  individual to  improve om  my listening ,  it was a refresher to me , the  way in which the material was presented   it make it  easy  for you  to understand.  I was  help personally  andI  know I  have learnt a lot and I  am confident  with the  knowledge  gained that I can assist if the need  arise. Thank you .
It's been a wonderful experience and an opportunity in learning PFA as it has such a wide scope of implementing what's been learnt in our daily lives and in implementing the principles to make other people's lives better. By taking to this course it's broadened my understanding of PFA and how I can become a better person both from the inside and outside. Thank you Coursera.
This course was clear and easy to understand.  While the assessments were helpful, at some later date, being able to practice these techniques live would be helpful.  Otherwise, having taken some Disaster Chaplaincy courses, this course gave me a new paradigm for material I had already learned and was an effective refresher.  Dr. Everly is a clear and compassionate teacher.
This course taught me how to deeply understand what PFA really means that this is not really about therapy but rather a way of stopping the worst scenario that might happen. I hope that I can be able to learn more on helping other people in times of crisis. Thank you, Johns Hopkins University for sharing this wonderful topic with us for free. More powers to this university!
Informative and well paced for novice with no experience or any exposure to this field. Think it is a good platform to access as well whether one it really keen to continue in this field or atleast get a rough idea what this field entitles and if still interested to pursue it. Keep up the great work and hope to have more online courses like this for other psychology field.
This course was very helpful, interesting, and relevant. The due importance was given for psychological health following a disaster. I also love that this model focuses on local communities being first responders as well. Dr. Everly had useful analogies to support his explanations, I also loved the ending bit on self-care- this part is often left out in courses like this!
This is the convenient site to equip you with the best skills you want to use in helping those who have mental issues,though not only that but give you the right foundation when you want to deal with matters of psychology education-wise.I thank you for the financial aid for the certificate i obtained i know it will be of great help to me and those who will need my skills.
Excellent introductory course for people not directly trained as psychologists, but that want to know how to react or engage with people in distress. I work in development and fond this useful also for compassionate, active listening which is good also beyond post-traumatic situations. Thanks a lot for the course, congratulations and again, a totally recommended course!
I felt very accomplished with what I have learned so far and I highly believe that I could make use of this in my future work in the field of Psychology. The course has also given me added motivation to continue with my professional development and look for relevant trainings locally where I can incorporate what I have learned and/or share them with others.  Thank you!
I am so grateful that I studied and engaged with this online course about psychological first aid. This is my first time studying this course. And I believe that my confidence in handling crisis intervention has surged. Honestly speaking, I really recommend this course to all different practitioners. I hope you will enjoy this course as much as I enjoyed this course.
This course is a good course. Good content, easy enough for someone totally new to this topic yet very informative and easy to adopt in everyday's life. Not just after a crisis, but can be adapted in just about any situation everyday. I highly recommend this course to anyone who is looking to be able to better communicate with people. its a great soft skill to have!
It was comprehensive and fairly easy to understand even for those outside of mental health professions. It taught me a lot and the simulations were a great way to receive a glimpse of what could possibly transpire between a responder and person who needs assistance. I may not have been able to purchase a certificate, but this is my best learning investment to date!
This is a very useful course. The contents are clear, easily understood and it offers a valuable tool for the primary psycholoogical care of victims of catastrophes or violent situations. The quality of the examples show the mastery of the teacher, his years of practice and his wise empathy. Thank you for sharing so generously your life experiences and your method.
I am very thankful for the opportunity to attend this course. Given information in it is too valuable, although I'd wish the course was more extensive. Separetely I want to admit the mastery of a teacher - George Everly, who gave information qualitatively and made interesting video stimulations. I hope to see the next "chapter" of the course or something like that.
I found it very insteresting I learned that many of the things that we do to help people are actually called interventions and are valuable skills.  I like the order, the vocabulary and the examples. What I don't like is the price of the certificate I will be willing to pay no more than 30 dlls. I am interested in many courses but I can't pay 45 dlls. For each :(
I fell in love with the RAPID PFA model of John Hopkins. And I love the explanations that are delivered by Dr. Everly, so informative, funny may I add, and most importantly never boring.  Personally, this course helps me understand the importance of a simple act of active listening and building rapport, and of course other techniques, as well. Thank you so much!
Excellent videos, really engaging. Short course, which kept me motivated and allowed me to learn a bit about  a field I didn't know. PFA seems like a versatile skill and I'm eager to start practicing it, since it's useful not only in periods of crisis. It's also good because it's focused on people who don't have experience in psychology. I strongly recommend it.
It was a lot of really helpful information. I was a little concerned about the seeming focus on statistics in the wrap up segments the first week, but that didn't seem to bleed through to the following weeks which allowed for a greater focus and understanding of the actual process of PFA. I definitely appreciated the explanations and modeling by the instructor.
I had fun. I was able to gain different perspectives in how to exude myself as a health care professional when dealing with people who have just experienced/experiencing a crisis. The course gave me more insight in the way I was responding to people. And it has improved alot - my working relationship, especially with patients and even the community I work with.
Excellent way of rendering faulty videos and corrected videos which made me as if had been the characters. This would unforgettable. Whenever I work for WASH in emergencies, I might continue use these RAPID Techniques and see a production eod. Thank you so much for enlightening me on this subject as I am new to this course but not to the profession. Well done!
This course really helped me learn the importance of social support. Before I used to feel dejected and depressed if I couldn't "fix" people's problems. But what you can do best is to just "be there" and assist them using the RAPID model. These lectures  also further improved my knowledge in this area and once again made me realize the importance of "empathy".
I really enjoyed this course.  For an online format and the subject matter which is rather complex.  I though it was well done incorporating lectures, live videos and video vignettes.  Very well done.  Could be a bit more opportunity to ask the professor questions but overall well done.  :)  I would not hesitate to take another course with this professor.  :)
A very helpful course for healthcare professionals and non-healthcare related alike. By the end of this course, you will be able to make a difference in someone's life, learn some skills helpful both to help other as well as self care, and most importantly, you'll see how great professor Everly is and how talented he is both as a PFA pillar and as a professor
Best course ever! For those wanting to learn how to be a compassionate presence in the wake of crisis or disaster,  this 4 step process is non-intimidating and easy to apply even in daily low-high stress situations.Dr. Everly clearly explains the RAPID approach and models "Compassionate Care" in his lectures and video-vignettes. A very rewarding experience.
Excellent course. The presenter really knows his stuff and presents it with an easy tone and voice. A course like this could be a lot of fluff, but this one has detailed steps and video examples and what to do and what not to do. I plan to use what I learned in the course in different ways than just disaster relief, but everything I learned was very useful.
This is an excellent crash course in psychological first aid. It gives a great introduction to strategies to respond to the mental impact of trauma. This course gives a fantastic overview of Rapport/Reflective Listening, Assessment, Prioritization, Intervention, Disposition and follow-up (RAPID) with examples of how it's done in the moment. I recommend it!
I really enjoyed this online course in Psychological First Aid.  I think it was a really good introduction to PFA, and I would feel encouraged to take an in-person course in PFA or expand my skills with a more advanced level of PFA.  I think PFA pairs well with Standard First Aid, and I feel more confident in knowing I have some level of training in both.
A little dry, honestly, but VERY informative and I enjoyed the subject matter enough that I didn't get bored. The instructor is phenomenal. I would have liked more visual aids outside of the Powerpoint slides; reading all that text while trying to listen to lectures was distracting, and ultimately both lecture and slides communicated the same information.
An applied comprehensive course which can be perfectly utilized to rehabilitate the psychologically traumetized subjects  and ameliorate their psychosocial & occupational impairment with humanly possible promptitude & reasonable convenience. This course also fairly contributes towards MENTAL HEALTH FOR ALL. My sincere sincere wishes & warm regards to you,
I am a budding psychologist. This course helped me understand the ways of approaching people in distress. What to do/ say and what not to do/say to people during crisis. Not only that but also how to go with the conversation. In addition to this, taking care of myself as a mental health professional was discussed in this course. I really like this course.
Very engaging course! I love how you are not only learning the theory behind the RAPID-model but also get a lot of examples throughout the simulations. I feel like I could learn a lot and although I am not working in the area where I would net to offer PFA, I am not afraid to take my knowledge in this course and be prepared in case someone needs my help.
I used to work on a suicide hotline and I wish that I knew then what I know now about talking to people encountering traumatic situations. This class has given me so many more tools to use when dealing with anyone who needs help, whether it is a trauma area or even a friend who was in Naples, Fla last weekend waiting for Irma to come ashore. Thank you!
I enjoyed the course to the full, as it added to my knowledge in this domain, it empowered my capabilities for I learnt major key points, as for when,  how, and how much I could be resilient while helping others coping with moments of distress, and how to listen and handle those suffering loss, or post trauma due to catastrophes, crises or disasters.
Well packaged course with real material to learn. Personally, this information was a good, practical addition to my relatively general and basic psychology background (AP Psych in highschool, etc.). I feel like the promises made about what a student will learn in the course are generally kept, and the material is worth learning (for almost everyone).
Thanks ever so much for all the shared knowledge about PFA. I've increased my skills significantly through every lesson, lecture, and video. You all have no how much I appreciate having had the opportunity to do this course, especially in these difficult days of COVID-19. Regards from this Chilean psychologist to George Everly and all his community.
This course offers a basic framework for a very important and timely first aid tool. Taking this course will not disappoint you. You will learn the basics while not feeling information overload. The course is great, the instructor is knowledgeable, and the content is a balance of learning concepts and simulation to the application of these concepts.
I speak as someone who already have an education background in the field of psychology and I ensure those who have the same background as I do that although the course material is similar to what we have learned and practiced, this course really highlight the difference between being a counselor and being a first responder in the wake of a disaster.
I am a mental health professional and volunteer with behavioral health corps.  This course was a great refresher given our current climate - Pandemic and Protest/Riots.  These skills will come in handy and I've recommended this course to non-mental health staff who also work with our young adults.  Thanks for this course offering.KarynBaltimore, MD
Dr. Everly present the lectures and modules very pleasantly. This course will help me to cause a positive difference in society, I'm very sure of that. Thank you for the well-planned materials and overall course. I highly recommend this course, even though you're not doing a profession related to this, you might find it very relevant to your life.
It is a short, though very interesting class. I study psychology, but I didn't have a class on this subject. Therefore, I am very thankful for the opportunity to take a look at psychological first aid and how to help people in general after a crisis. I recommend this class to anyone who wants to help people in any kind of hardship in their lives.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. Even though I am a post-graduate student in Psychology this was my first encounter with the term Psychological First Aid and I feel I have learned a great deal about it and think it is something that should be implemented more even at a psychological education level at universities and amongst medical personnel.
It was an awesome course that provided many useful skills and knowledge. The prof. Dr.Georg Everly gives the whole lectures in an outstanding and simple way which was  easy to understand.i would also like to prefer this course to others also this university Johns Hopkins Bloomberg school of public health, because it was a nice experience for me.
There's a lot of theory for a beginner like myself, but it's presented nicely. I found written out lists and terminology very helpful. The RAPID methodology is very clear-cut, I'm sure it will be helpful 'in the field'.  The vignettes are really self-explanatory, and help to put a visual to the theory. Overall a very well done course. Thank you!
Easy to understand step by step process with great example aid with what to do and what NOT to do. However, it felt like the person in the example videos was too much of an ideal survivor. It would have been nice to see an additional example play out with someone experiencing significant dysfunction and how a responder utilizing PFA would help.
I haven't personally been related in post disaster management but since I love to talk to people and share their thoughts and just listen to them. I HAVE to agree that this course has helped me really well and I would obviously suggest people to take this course. The first test is a bit bookish but the rest are really well thought and planned.
it is a great way to learn new things sitting back at home and at your own pace. This course has definitely taught me 2 important things. one is listening and other is positive reaction. I hope I go out and make some difference to people in disaster with the tactics this course has taught. I would suggest anybody to go ahead with this course!
This is a short but inspiring course. It is not just handy for front-line workers, but some of the principles are also applicable to everyday communications and attending to mental health of those close friends whom I love. Also, the course has motivated me to pursue a career path or at least some volunteer experiences in a relevant field :)
I really enjoyed the course and know I have acquired information/skills that I can take into my profession - As well as for personal use due to the COVID-19 pandemic.  While the simulations were such an integral part of the learning experience, I simply wish I had more scenarios (reading or by video) to relate the course material back to.
An excellent overview of psychological first aid. Dr. Everly does a great job in walking you through each of the steps with the help of a vignette. You also learn from a natural disaster in the past to later discuss how psychological first aid can be applied. An excellent resource that is worth your time, especially in these trying times.
Thank you Dr Everly for a very informative course. The content is clear and concise. The main points are highlighted in the slides. The role plays in the simulation videos are very helpful. I am also grateful for the practical recommendations for each of the RAPID components that can be applied immediately in the field. Thank you again.
The course provides very useful, functional and practical tools to apply as active help to other people who need it in times of crisis. Its methodology through the R-A-P-I-D letters helps to understand the information in a more concrete way than usual in extensive manuals with which much information is lost. Excellent course.Thank you!
This course gave me invaluable insight into Psychological First Aid , it gave me a starting block into online education. I would like to thank all involved in this course not only for opening my mind to how essential Psychological First Aid is, but how engaging the course itself was and how it was superbly executed. Thank you so much.
This course was informative, clarifying, and concise.  The videos were an excellent accompaniment to the material.  Dr. Everly is clearly an expert in the field and presented the material in a clear and specific way with examples and real life experiences.  His pace was excellent and I am very happy with what I learned in this course.
Very good because I can find a way to interact with people who are in conditions that are not as usual. I feel this knowledge applies to all types of first aid treatment, starting from post-natural disasters to when someone experiences a problem. I came to understand a way to understand that person from the perspective of psychology.
I found this course to be very helpful on my journey to being a psychologist but for now I guess I'm just an amateur psychologist but I am grateful and honored to have been a part of this course and to learn from a wonderful teacher, the knowledge I've learned from him will be put to good use in the future, I rate this course 5 stars
This course not only talks about the technical aspects of helping others who are suffering from their loss, but also provides videos of good and bad examples in a real scene. Meanwhile, on a general point of view, it is also a good introduction to talking with others, especially with the ideas of reflective listening and paraphrasing
This was a very well-organised course, which I believe is very useful and cvan be easily met by anyone and not only health care professionals. Everything was well explained and the materials made it even easier and more "fun" to understand the concepts and get some idea of how it is in a real life scenario. I highly recommend it!
A really informative course that I'd recommend to everyone and anyone looking to improve their communication skills. The things you cover in this course can benefit your everyday interactions, not just in times of emergency. Thank you to Mr Everly for a very interesting, informative course. I thoroughly enjoyed learning with you!
This course boosts your emotional intelligence! I feel (and wish to be) more attentive to people's needs, more confident to listen, communicate effectively and provide more adequate support. RAPID model is a really useful tool. Enroll whether you work with people under great distress or not, this course is a gift to all of us. :)
It was an extremely informative course. While people may feel this is a waste of time as it does not advance their professional careers, I feel it is an important life skill, especially the part about active and receptive listening, that everyone must have. I strongly recommend taking this course no matter what field you are in.
The concept is really simple, relatable and important. The delivery of topics were really clear and I appreciate the video. The video enhanced my understanding of the concept really well. Dr Everly is very professional and passionate in his approach on the topic. I'm looking forward for more similar topics to learn. Good luck!
Having gotten a psychology degree seven years ago now, it's always refreshing to get both a refresher on that knowledge and to find a very practical application for all of that prior learning. The lectures are very explanatory, and the use of a simulation is very helpful to see how these concepts and this model can be applied.
Finding exactly what you looking for is definitely
interesting that what I do find through this course because I am always keen
to help but to do it by the professional way that is the difference. everything is a perfect time, material, discussion forum. Thank you so much, Dr George Everly, we really appreciate your effort.
I think this course is ideal to learn about the basics on psychological first aid. RAPID is a neat model that helps individuals gauge in the best way possible how to help survivors of trauma in a meaningful and efficient manner. I am glad I took this course, even though I am a psychologist myself, this was a good refresher.
I loved this course so much. It was so good I could not stop watching and listening so I finished the course within a day.Psychological First Aid is a course everyone should take, especially given the fact that we currently live through a world wide pandemic which causes so many people to experience Psychological distress.
I haven't written a 5 Star review for any of the other courses I have taken, and I have undertaken quite a few. If that doesn't motivate you enough to learn more about PFA models like RAPID, from whatever source, then I don't know what would. This is a great resource to get started, and I'd definitely recommend it. Cheers!
The course is extremely clear in deconstructing the single parts of the RAPID-model and explaining them step by step. The instructor, Prof. Everly, has a wonderful style: calm, humble and with some very good advises hidden in each video. PFA is a useful sphere in disaster situations that everyone should at least encounter.
It's  a great course! The RAPID model introduced by Dr. Everly is a very practical step-by-step guidance to provide the basic psychological intervention
in a crisis situation. Very easy to learn and practice. PFA is a great personal skill to have which can not just help people in need but also enhance personal resilience.
Hello i am Deepak, first of all thanks to sir George for this great course ! simple techniques, wonderful simulation and easy understandable explanation make this course fun and exciting ! As Sir told us that it is an intervention not a therapy or treatment ! So it is our duty to help people who are at risk ! Thank you !
It helped me a lot in understanding how to perform assessment, prioritisation, intervention, and disposition. Although in a sense the steps are actually similar with providing physical first aid's, the difference is that with psychological first aid you have to able to be present as a support instead of being the 'fixer'
It has been an amazing journey to learn psychological first aid. It looks simple and yet it is very complex process and our course instructor taught us with ease. I really liked role play, it helped me learn more in real life and practical scenario. Thank you for amazing course that will help many souls around the globe.
The course was very relevant to my work. I have been teaching PFA in the past and I learned new things in the presentation. The simulations were great. I will add that to my trainings. The instructor is very efficient and able to capture the reader`s attention. I enjoyed the whole experience immensely. Thank you indeed.
why expensive certificate since i am  working in primary mental  health care in p h c c and   i am working in  confrontation  of covid 19 and iam trying to establish psychological first aid (P F A force)in my p h cc and it is very important to help for certificate to be free in this timesincerely DR OMAR HAMOUDY ZARZAR
Highly recomanded even if you are known to trauma care. Psychological First Aid were unknown to me, but I work and study part time within mental health (psychiatry and psychosomatics) as a physical therapist. There is always talks about active and reflective, but never showen/told or goten to experience it - until now!
This is a highly accessible and immensely valuable course for anyone who may be intervening in a crisis or natural disaster. It is geared toward first responders and public health workers, and it has the simple, noble aim of enlarging the body of people able to help in their community after a disaster. Excellent stuff.
The course evaluates your understanding on levels of care for others and self too. Also, implies how different first aid is to the therapy with the help of their model. Over-all, the course is totally worthy. thanks for making this valuable course, Johns Hopkins university and main gratitude to Dr. George Everly Jr. .
I really liked this course a lot and will recommend it to all the people, no matter what their major is. Through this course I am able to learn techniques and interventions that could be very much useful in daily lives as well. Thank you Professor George and Johns Hopkins University for bringing this knowledge to us.
This course will equip you with knowledge very much essential for helping others in times of crisis or distress. With the pandemic we're facing right now, being "present" for distressed people goes a long way, and it will be much better if one has the appropriate knowledge on how to deal with such kinds of situation.
Amazing presentation. This course is full of great information for first responders willing to learn how to talk to their patients. As a paramedic and EMT instructor, I am going to start recommending Psychological First Aid to my students as supplementary training to their psychological emergencies didactic learning.
Absolutely loved the entire course! I had no clue what PFA was really about and finished the course feeling accomplished and confident that I also have the ability to help someone in need and how to approach the situation at hand and how to not get affected personally. Great course for beginners! Thank you Dr Everly
Useful, informative, interesting, plenty of videos. I loved that every time an "incorrect" as well as correct version if interaction was showed. I am sure that offering PFA is good to know not just  for cases of big disasters, but also for hard  everyday situations (bad illness, sudden death of a close person), etc.
The content of this course was exceptional in its ability to convey in a detailed yet effective manner as to the importance of Psychological First Aid and its uses in the field. I would definitely advise others to look into this type of resource within my own university studies, colleagues and acquaintances alike.
Excellent course with great explanations and examples on psychological first aid techniques. I am glad that I've learnt something new in this course that will be useful in a future career in healthcare or life in general. Thanks so much! Will keep in mind the RAPID framework and hope to put it to good use someday.
This course helped me to understand how to prevent crisis on situations where I tried to help others. Sometimes I tried to argue and persuade that only my point is right instead of listening and supporting. I'll practive all techniques in my everyday life and actually I already started. Thank you for this course!
I feel more confident about giving psychological first aid to anyone that might need it especially during this pandemic. It also greatly helped me become more aware of myself in the process. This is a very timely and relevant course to take in this pandemic, so I hope more people will get to learn more from this!
A very practical course that gives a humanistic overview of what to do in crisis situations. It can also be applied to general situations, when people close to you experience loss or some kind of traumatic experience. It is helpful to have this framework in mind, as a tool for better, empathic social interaction.
This was a great introduction to psychological first aid. I think I have a very good understanding of what it is and a basic knowledge of what needs to be done. I don't feel confident that I can adequately do what the course has taught, but I also dont have a natural skill in this area.  I'll need more practice.
This is the first course I have completed on COURSERA. I am generally interested in the subject and registered out of curiosity, However, i watched the first video and George is so engaging and explained things in such calm manner that I couldn't wait to complete. I would love to do another course with George.
This course has been very helpful in not only knowing how to deal with certain shock inducing situations but also in being better at listening and conversing in everyday lives. I have found myself applying the lessons learnt in this course in my general conversations as well. The course is concise and helpful.
So refreshing to find a practical compassionate approach based on solid scientific evidence that performs better in promoting resilience than other long term dependence-generating approaches.Assoc Prf George Everly Jr is an inspiration to me and taught me as much about his approach watching as well as hearing!
Glad to see from research and those with experience in the field that many times, the right word or presence at the right time can help a lot more than a "grand plan" later down the road. Excellent course for every one. Would be interesting how we could all apply this to the disaster of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Great course! Simple and clear explanations and examples. Personally, the simmulation videos helped me a lot! It was one of the things I liked most: being able to have a glimpse beyond theory. I think it is important to show examples as close to reality as possible, specially in a subject as practical as PFA.
This course really helped me to know and understand the different methods in which one can help a person in any sort of crisis. being a psychology student this course was a new side of how to deal with a person who is acutely distressed. It was a really helpful course and i really enjoyed being a part of it.
the simulations were excellent, the emotions were very well portrayed. I believe this course can help not only those dealing with the public but anyone that has a family or friend that may be battling an illness. This will help you gain a different protective and better understanding on how help others cope.
This course is very informative.  I would recommend this course to anyone wanting to self improve especially during this pandemic.  As the world maneuvers through the fall out of COVID-19  the need for PFA will be needed starting from the individual self to family and extending toward the greater community.
I learnt so much in this course. As someone who loves to help people in disaster and traumatic situations, and having little experience this course is all I need to know the basics of how to fuel my intervention passion. It worth every bit of my time and I am more enlightened! I am glad I took this course.
If like me,  you have no background in this field then this course is for you! It introduces the basics in an understandable way with the help of several simulation videos. Also, you may find this short course useful in your daily life in case some sort of a traumatic event happens to a loved one of yours.
This was my first organized class post B.A. and I found it to be a great class that was well organized with a knowledgeable instructor and would recommend it to others. I have dyslexia and ADD PI so these characteristics are important to me and I would be eager to take more classes from George.  Thank you.
It is a very valuable curse. It shows the general abilities a person should have to help through a disaster. It is not intended to specialize as therapist or psychologist, it is a very useful training for making a person who is going through a moment of disaster feel better or making an assertive referal.
totally loved the material and the way the data was provided and getting involved by simulation was my favorite part. this will always push me to know more about handling the mental health of my patients and my community. the most important thing is that i am feeling prepared to help in the time of need.
This course was excellent, it has given me insight of how to look at a person who need psychological first aid in an objective way. Being a Yoga teacher we meet people with different needs all the time and the R.A.P.I.D model could be effectively used in our field work also. Thanks Doctor George Everly.
I always think, I am the one who help other (in term of psychological support) and I will always be ok with that! This course make me get back to myself and asked. Is that true? Dr. George make me realise that the first person I have to take care of is myself. Thank you to you. This course’s so helpful
Great summary of Psychological triage and skills that can be used in the field. The steps were simple but not diluted and helped me to be able to put them into practice immediately. The course centers around a practical scenario so that it is easy to translate the knowledge and information into praxis.
The lectures are not so complicated and easy to follow in a concise and beautiful manner. The simulations are realistic which can really teach you the proper and practical PFA. One other thing, the instructor, Dr. George, seems to be so kind and compassionate as he delivers his lectures on the videos.
It has been a blessing to learn Psychological First Aid as my first course in Coursera. Thank you so much Dr. George Everly for instilling me more interest in psychology despite being a geoscience student. It will definitely be useful for not only disaster survivors but for my family and friends too.
This course is very timely.  I have taken this course to better equip myself to help my school and community as we continue to face the difficulties and challenges of the COVID-19 crisis.  I step out of this course more confident and equipped to help those who are in distress because of the pandemic.
I highly recommend this course to everyone. It's updated, comprehensive and well-paced. All the lessons taught are very helpful in the practice of PFA. Thank you so much for the valuable learning experience. I gained so much confidence in practicing PFA, and doing it right, ethically and effectively.
As a mental health professional, I am trained to provide psychotherapy and intervention but this course was a refreshing experience that gave me insight into how can I be most useful in a trauma situation where there is a gap from a person stabilizing to committing to a long term therapy (if needed)
This course gave me a better understanding of how to assess and build rapport with people in a crisis, which in the long term will help with my dream of participating in doctors without borders. I would highly recommend this program to anyone who is working in the healthcare or public health fields.
Amazing course! Exactly what I expected, and more. Thank you for take the time to create a good and understandable course in an engaging way. If you are thinking to make  another specialized on this, count me in!I look forward to hear about new courses from Johns Hopkins University.Thank you!Armando
Thanks for putting up this course. Great simulation presentation, very clear to understand, all the process along was great. I've learned a lot about Psychological First Aid, and I had fun too. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who wants to educate more about the subject. It'll be worth it.
The course helped me to realise that it is not important to be a psychologist to help people with distress. My presence and my support can also help them. Very informative and interesting course. I recommend others to try it and try to learn a different mean of first aid. It is sure worth our time.
Very interesting Course. Thank you very much Prof. George.
By the way, "PFA" was the main topic for the celebration of the "World Mental Health Day 2016" led by WHO and WFMH. Refering to the official document from WFMH, PFA is also presented as part of the dignity of mentally ill.Bravo again.Achour
I really liked this course. It gave me a lot of useful information about crisis intervention. The lectures bring the reality pretty close and practice simulation videos are extremely helpful in stimulating insights and awareness of delicate details in this support work. Much appreciated. Thank you.
Insightful! Worth the time. The principles and techniques are very helpful to me as a teacher in giving support and assistance to those in distress and in need of PFA. Thankful to Dr. Everly for presenting the course excellently and to Johns Hopkins University for offering this course in Coursera!
I'm really grateful for this magnificent introduction in Psychological First Aid field! I definitely sure that learned skills and philosophy (not technique!) will be positively useful in my future life. Special thanks to professor George Everly who shared his huge experience and knowledge with us!
It helped me learn about PFA and grow as a person. I think everyone should take this course in the interest of mankind, and in the interest of the community. The course material is so so good. Thankyou to  Dr Everly and the great team from John Hopkins University Bloomberg school of Public health.
An excellent course offering a grounding in psychological first aid techniques. I hope that this course gets the recognition it deserves, and allows people to feel that they can make a difference if they choose this method in the Coronavirus era that we find ourselves in. Thank you to Dr Everley!
Remarquable instructor. Great course material. Good use of engagement/encouragement techniques for helping students reach the end.I have no professional need for the course, but I learned skills that will help me interact with others in my daily life, and I believe also in situations of distress.
I really enjoyed taking this course. I found that right from the beginning I became a better listener for my friends and family and they took notice. I know this course will be a launching pad to help me help others in the future as well as make it easier for me to identify if I need help myself.
Excellent,its soo good to be able to do this course on-line.  As a professional, I feel this course has enlightened me to better serve our communities in the event of a disaster or any kind of trauma.  I never want to be unprepared in case someone is in trouble. TAKE THE COURSE. IT IS EXCELLENT.
I decided to take this course due to a lot of free time this summer. It was a very easy to understand course and interesting! Highly recommend to anyone who just wants to learn more, be a better supporter to those around you,  educate themselves on how they can help respond to a crisis, etc. :)
Very interesting, easy to comprehend. This short course delivers exactly what it promises: how to offer psychological support to individuals in a crisis/disaster situation, without necessarily being trained in psychology or crisis management. Useful for practically anyone, strongly recommend :)
Thank you, Dr. Everly and Coursera! This has been a useful and interesting course. It is very well-structured and easy to understand and everyone from real disaster workers to just a person who has everyday life, needs these skills. Thank you for great examples in "George and Gina" videos also!
The mentor,Dr.George Everly teaches extremely well, using engaging simulations and practical examples to help us understand . The simulation, in particular helped me grasp the techniques we were being taught and seared them into my mind for future use. I would definitely recommend this course!
The course is short, but it provided me with a lot of information regarding psychological first aid. The things that I enjoyed the most in the course are watching the demonstration videos and taking quizzes. I recommend the course for everyone who wants to learn basic psychological first aid.
Thank you for feeding me information that is important not only for the sake of others but also to myself. Thank you, Dr. Everly. I appreciate how you explained the content in a very calm yet engaging manner. It was like hearing a storybook yet it's educational and wholesome at the same time.
Psychological First Aid (PFA) course has been an enlightening experience for me. For those who believe in empathy and making the world a better place, this is the course and it will truly enhance the understanding level and make us more compassionate and supportive. Thank you for the Course.
A wonderful course that left me feeling as though I am ready to handle someone who has just gone through a disastrous/traumatic event. The course was well laid out, very educational and informative, and the vignettes gave a very supportive and easy to understand visual of each topic. Kudos!
Psychological First Aid has been a very helpful course and a great learning resource. Not only does it teach you how to effectively help those that seek for support, companionship, and compassion of others, you also learn how to better take care of yourself and cope with stress and fatigue.
This was my first online course  and I really enjoyed this PFA class.Clear explanation in RAPID model.Good Videos and Simulations.This course very useful to  me and I would recommend to others.  Prof.George S.Everly was great instructor  and thank you to Jonh Hopkins University. D Boonsri.
Despite being a psychologist, this course was very valuable for me. Surely my previous knowledge has helped me to acquire the contents faster, but this course is absolutely suited for complete "beginners". I feel a lot more competent to work with people in acute distress after a disaster.
Basically the course is timely as we all can see the ways and manner both man made and natural disaster is happening all over the world. With regards to that i appreciate all the modules in the course, the only thing is that i have not received my certificate up till now. I thank you all
While I already had a good understanding of RAPID, This course allowed for me to review and relearn the basics of Pyschology during a disaster. I would recommend this class to everyone who deals with emergency situations or those who are around persons who deal with emergency situations.
Am most grateful to JOHNS HOPKINS for giving me this awesome opportunity to participate in this very informative course. Am also very thankful to George Everly Jr for detail and committed teaching skills exemplified. Much appreciated. I look forward to getting the certificate.Many thanks
Excellent overview of the history, need for, and how-to of psychological first aid. As a CPE (clinical pastoral education) student, I anticipate being able to apply this knowledge immediately in the hospital setting, and am grateful for the information on its utility and best practices.
I have thoroughly enjoyed this course. This course worked directly in conjunction with becoming certified as an Addiction and Recovery Coach. I wish there was additional time to purchase the certificate. During this pandemic, funds are strained at this moment. Keep sharing this course.
This course enabled me to fully grasp what and how it is to be a psychological responder in traumatic and challenging situations. Taking into consideration the mental health of the victims is as important as caring for their body. I enjoyed this course and I have learned a lot from it!
I thoroughly enjoyed the course. It contains great material and Dr. Everly is a great professor. I was really impressed with his handling of the case shown in the simulations and can only hope to become as good of a psychologist as he is. I am ready to keep on learning and help others!
The course teaches ways to help victims in a disaster situation. Professor Everly's course materials were easy to understand and enjoyable. The quizzes always related directly to the course material, and I feel that I learned what the course set out to teach me. Thank you Prof. Everly!
Absolutely good, very educational. More than an academic experience, I feel that it helped me to grow a little more as a person, to understand the importance of active listening, social support, and being human in adverse situations. I loved it, thank you very much, super recommended!
The course is a complete package to understand the basic idea of what PFA is all about. It helps one understand the importance of the first psychological aid at times of disaster. It helps one develop new skills like reflective listening that can be helpful in day to day life as well.
This course beautifully delivers it's purpose. The lectures and the materials provided in the course were easy to understand and it gave a clear insight on how to use the intervention in practice.I am glad that, I joined the course as it has been a very effective and helpful learning.
It was an excellent learning experience for me since I'm a nurse and an instructor of the school for jail officers here in the Philippines, I can use this new knowledge in teaching my students.Thank You John Hopkins University...Thank You COURSERA andThank You DR. GEORGE EVERLY... :)
A great course! The structure is clear and linear and the course builds upon itself. It leaves us with a very good understanding of the topic, without learning pain. George's presentation is engaging and dynamic. One piece of constructive criticism: the slides could be a bit funkier.
Excellent course. I don't intend to use the skills learned through this course for emergency situations, but who knows... I'm hoping that what I've learned will help me help former cult members. I especially appreciated the Rapport and active listening part of the course. Thank you !
Before starting off I anticipated that this course will be good but I couldn't even imagine that this course will be that much amazing and I am just thankful to Gorge sir for being an amazing lecturer,for those of you guys who wants to take this course, I will suggest just start it.
Excellent course! The professor is very straightforward and puts everything into a context which is very helpful for the ones (like me) who don't have many experience with the subject. The simulations were also helpful and well-made. I have only good things to say about this course!
The information is so important and inspiring. The explanations are great and the quizzes are well-written. The obvious weak point is that the PowerPoint slides are cluttered and should be re-done or replaced. However, the rest of the course is so good that I didn't mind very much.
This course has given me confidence to help people in distress. Also, I have learnt to be more resilient to personal disasters. It was a great experience. Coursera is doing a great job reaching out to learners at their own pace and catering to the curiosity of individual learners.
The course was above my expectation. The instructor Dr. George Everley conveyed the lectures by making them interesting and there was not a single boring point during the lectures. Moreover, the simulations were great and it helped in clarifying the concept completely. Thank You!
I learned a lot from this course, it is really timely because of the Pandemic. I could be able to help and apply PFA to those who are anxious about the current issue and help them ventilate what's on their own mind and somehow re-frame the threat and correct their mis-perception.
I am more than ready to alleviate people’s feelings most especially my students’ should they experience adversities or difficult situations. Thank you so much Coursera, Johns Hopkins University and for the experts who helped me fully understand what Psychological First Aid means.
The Course helps me to assist the person in need. I am working in the school which a lot of the students have their varieties of family background. Some of them experience bullying. The course helps me to create a compassionate and social support culture in the school community.
This was a wonderfully produced and a very engaging class; the course material is very applicable to our COVID-19 experience. I would love to take additional classes from this professor that dive more deeply into techniques and resources that were the overviewed in this course.
It was my first class linked with the first aid, and it was really fantastic. I'm an engineer and a manager, so I didn't knew nothing about PFA. Fortunately I applied for this course and it changed a lot. Many thanks to the professor George Everly and his team for their work!!!
I learned practical skills of providing psychological first aid to my family, friends, and myself in addition to learning how the Psychological First Aid technique provides tools for volunteers without any help to cope with the surge of demand for care during a major disaster.
One of the best course for common man for building social resilience to be the first responders in case of a disaster or calamity.  There is a great vision behind designing this course. It can help mankind in a big way.Thank you so much for making this course available online.
Love you Dr. George Everly, i have never experienced the child like excitement of learning something new for almost 8 years. You broke that spell. Amazingly good structured course in which every word out of your mouth is priceless and full of wisdom. This course is priceless!
This course give me the understanding how the counseling or empathizing should be like, especially dealing with the people who have a hard problem. But, being patient and calm when dealing this kind of situation is the root key in order to have a smooth flow of conversation.
I find this course very useful. Even if it is a method intended to help mostly people from crisis, I personally think that it can also be adopt into our daily life. The teacher makes each topics easier to understand. The situation vignettes also aid in the learning process.
This course has been really helpful. Now is a time when I think PFA can be effectively applied to people after this pandemic or even during it. It is not a detailed course but I think it will help us enough to help us to be able to help others and make an effective change!!
Great Course to get to know the basics of psychological first aid. with a very well designed structure and some good videos to get a deeper understanding and impression of the practical part.More over it also gives some advice for selfcare which I consider as very important
Thank you George for explaining each and every step in a simple but profound way. Simulations were really helpful to understand the essence of the first aid and I found myself several times stopping the video and thinking about the possible ways of supporting and listening.
Extremely practical and helpful for those looking to work in disaster relief situations. As an RN dealing with people who have suffered from war and disaster related injuries, I think this course if very helpful in laying out a logical course of assessment and intervention.
I easily understand the lectures, especially with the examples of what to do and what no to do in a psychological first aid. This course will definitely help me as a undergraduate student majoring in psychology and also others in need of psychological first aid. Thank you.
I hope that someday, when I am sitting with the victims of harsh accidents that have shocked them, this course will allow me to be sensitive while I intervene and lend them a hand. Thank you Doctor and the team, for all your support and teachings. It was really insightful.
I really thank Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health and especially Mr. George S. Everly Jr., PhD, ABPP for making this course available for everyone who are interested in supporting others after a tragic event. I hope I can use this skill to help others in need.
It was as an interesting  surging course for the starters . I have learnt the RAPID model the skills required to handle the adversity .This course was simplified and the methods of teaching can be intervened from my perspective. Please introduce the next levels of the PFA.
I want to say thanks to Dr. George Everly for the excellent course. Through classes, I was able to learn a lot about psychological first aid and I am sure that this knowledge will be essential for my experience as a future health professional. Thanks to everyone involved!
Fantastic course, just the right length and useful video examples. Some very useful insights that can help me even outside disaster response scenarios - e.g. I have already noticed that I can respond better to friends and family who are facing distress in their daily life
It is a very helpful course specially designed for people working in the areas of Public Health, Educators, emergency responders, or for people with little or no psychological background.Very well done and spoke by the professor,  with a lot of details easy to understand
Exceptionally, interactive, it kind of feels like a game sometimes with the situation. Psychological First Aid needs to be known and used through out the world to stabilize or minimize the acute stress of a person who has been through a traumatic event such as disasters.
Very informative and enjoyable.  Forced me to think more about the Who and the Why during and incident.  Not everyone is the same and no two people will react the same way.  It's made me think about how I shouldn't assume anything but truly LISTEN, empathize and assist.
The course is relatively easy to follow. Learners to grasp the content well with the video scenarios which helps us to better visualise & understand the concepts. This would definitely help in your life, whether in work or personal aspects. May the world be safe & well!
The training was a mind opener!  I discovered I actually did not know much about PFA.  I feel knowledgeable and empowered.  I will be using the notes regularly to to improve on my grasp of PFA.  Thank you John Hopkin University for the fantastic delivery of this course.
I have gained tremendous knowledge from this course and the key element about this course is it is not to challenge psychotherapy and actual psychological diagnostics. Most of the skills are applicable to real life situations (non-crisis) especially the Burnt-out Club.
Thank you very much for giving me a priviledge to undergo in this very interactive learning and practical online PFA course! I am very well informed in this course. It's new knowledge to me. Through the course, I can say that this help me a lot. Thank you, Dr. George!
What makes this course so enjoyable is the way that Dr. Everly presents the content. I learned a lot in a short amount of time and the knowledge I earned, will help me in my current career as a counselor. Thank you Dr. George Everly for making this course so pleasant.
Really interesting lessons, complimented by useful and helpful role-playing like videos. Great if you want a taste of what PFA is if you are a mental health professional. Easy to understand if you do not know the first thing about Psychology, as well. Would definitely
It was a pleasure to discover new ways on helping people in their most challenging moments in life. I truly enjoyed the lectures and the "correct" and "incorrect" simulations. I've learned a lot, as my career is not connected with psychology or healthcare. Thank you!
Really important information but people should be advised that this class teaches us how to respond to people after natural disasters. I was under the impression I would be able to handle all kinds of psychological emergencies but the information and class was great.
This course was helpful in teaching techniques for resilience and care, towards both others and yourself. I especially liked the "live" simulations of conversations between the counsellor and the client, where I could see what techniques worked and how to apply them.
Although mostly basic information, was a very interesting and practical step-by-step guide to the basic steps of psychological intervention in a crisis situation. I enjoyed Everly's presentation and speaking style, it was easy to understand, practical, and effective.
The course was conducted in a highly professional and proficient manner. The material was up to date, relevant and consistent with emergency and disaster occurrences. I personally feel proud to have done this course through an international and respected university.
Great University and Excellent Course,  The RAPID method is extraordinarily practical for me to explain the mechanism of psychological first aid and take the appropriate measures to decrease the ASD symptom of the police officer who experience lift threatened event.
Thank you for providing this course.  The information contained in the course will be very useful in supplementing my trauma intervention training.  I'm looking forward to putting the RAPID model to use in my interaction with clients experiencing tragedy and trauma.
I learned what I desired in a proper manner and in a proper time. I enjoyed the studying materials and I've listened to Geroge S. Everly with much interest. I may suggest this course if you're interested in the thematic even if you have no great English proficiency.
Dr. Everly does a great job of explaining PFA. I thoroughly enjoyed this course and found it useful. The vignettes were a good way to keep my attention while demonstrating how to handle intense emotional situations. I hope to complete more courses by Johns Hopkins.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. The instructor was top notch and the course kept my attention with the various uses of videos, scenarios and even quizzes to ensure I had a better understanding of the topic, Psychological First Aid. I highly recommend this course!
Totally love this course. This course help me to gain more knowledge. But, in my opinion, i hope in the module self care can add on more stimulation about self care like relaxation, how to breathing and so on. Again, thank you again to this course and Prof. Thanks.
Wonderful course.It is surprisingly time flexible and comoletes before we expect.Dr.George Everly is a true ambassidor of psycology.Practical vedios and informative lectures made us take no effort in completing the course.I will miss the Vignette simulation vedios
Very relevant for anyone in helping professions, but who are not mental health care providers. The instructor's videos are engaging, and the simulation videos give you a clear sense of what and what not to do when conducting a psychological first aid intervention.
Excellent course, providing a very clear overview of PFA and real-life, practical techniques to easily employ when responding to a crisis as a first responder. I recommend this course to everyone! These are real life skills that may come in handy in your own life.
I am a nursing student and really interested in this course because i think this may help me in my future career. I found this courser is quite helpful and useful, for those who wanna know more about the psychological first aid , you better don't miss this chance.
The course is design so that people with little to none of previous experience on the field of physicology and or crisis intervention may comprehend the basic concepts for Pychological First Aid with enough deapt to actually start applying it.  Highly recommended.
I thought the course covered a lot of material. I would like to have been presented with more psychological background on the critical steps in the program. I would like to have been presented with the answers to the quiz questions as well as a brief explanation.
I found this course to be very informative, and I think in today's world, everyone who can take it should do so, regardless if they are in the mental health fields. Professor Everly was clear and concise and engaging. I would love to take another course with him.
This is a great course, with quality material and helpful videos.  I felt very engaged and interested to learn through the course.  I have learned some good techniques to help my clients at work with de-escalations techniques and paraphrasing for example. Thanks!
It has been one of the best courses I have taken. The information seemed very clear to me and the testimonies of survivors make this course unique. Also, the intervention that you would carry out in a crisis situation is explained step by step. 100% recommended!
loved this course, as it continuously guided me throughout and helped me to gain knowledge of how to handle situations with more patience and help the people who need me. I really liked how they showed the concepts in simulations and guided how to be is correct.
I have seen many changes in my thinking regarding practical usage of psychology in a humanitarian and results producing art .Very effective now a days (of very long pandemic time ) and it's severe effects on human beings. I must say thanks to Dr Every & Coursera
Dr. Everly was personable, humorous but approached this course with such sincerity and care. I completed this course in less than 24 hrs. It was that engaging and heartfelt. Thank you to Dr. George Everly for producing one of the best courses I have ever taken.
Extremely informative and applicable in everyday life. Course was straight to the point and resources and activities were effective and efficient for maximum learning. Would recommend this even to those who have no background in studies of the human psychology.
This is perfect for beginners. As I knew A little about this topic in a more common way, this systematic scientific way prove to be far more efficient than other models used in psychological counselling. I liked the R-A-P-I-D model of Johns Hopkins University.
I really enjoyed this course and felt it will be very valuable in my role as a safety manager, where I do have to be present when there are tragic events.  This was a great start to learning some techniques to use in those types of situations.  Very well done.
Thank you Johns Hopkins University. You just helped me add a valuable skill to my medical carrier. Thank you for offering the course free of charge. Absolutely, this course is worth paying for and at the same time, it is priceless. Thank you for the knowledge.
Very useful introductory course to the PFA. Really well explained, with lot of emphasis on keypoints. Very enriching for psychologists, as it shows us a different way of acting than we would do in normal conditions. It seems well structured and shows validity.
I'm a psychologist and english is not my first language. the PFA couse was very effective as there was new things for me to learn, the simulations were very good and george always explained everything in details, especially if it was a new concept. Thank you.
Thank you for the opportunity to complete this course. The instructor was clear, the material was interesting and made it easy to understand. As a social worker and educator, I found the study process valuable and the information relevant and well structured.
I Loved this course, it was informative and Practical at the same time, comprehensible, with very useful information and Mr George was an exceptional man with a truly compassionate spirit. I feel very fortunate to have taken this course with him... thank you!
A brilliant course, well presented with good variety of interactive media e.g. video interventions, quizzes, lecture and summaries. I also bought the book that goes with this talk and it has been very useful in the field. I would highly recommend this course.
Dr. George Everly talks very compassionate about this topic and gives out really good examples. I very much enjoyed it and would recommend it to everyone.The simulations were very useful and helped me understand how this method can be applied into situation.
Interesting course and well-taught. The discussion forums were unnecessary in my opinion since it seemed as though many were not meaningfully engaged. Glad I took the course, it's relevant to the work I do in my field of student affairs and higher education.
As a medical professional (PA-C), most of the information was a review, but very needed as a refresher. I also appreciate the fact that to provide PFA, my medical background is not to be utilized as that is not the intent in this role. Kudos and thank you!
Not what I expected when I signed up, however I was pleasantly surprised with the outcome of the course. It was easy enough to follow, engaging and rewarding. I now have a real drive to help those in a real life crisis, potentially changed my career focus!
the modules are well-organized, the slides are neat and informative, the transcriptions are accurate, the lecturer is effective in knowledge-sharing, the simulations are also very helpful in giving students the idea on how to conduct the RAPID model of PFA
Absolutely loved this course. As someone who seems to have people flock to me for advice, I felt it was really important to learn a little bit more about how to properly help them and even assess thei need for possible psychological help. This was perfect!
This is a course that give a background in intervention to help those in need. This is not an expert level class, but one that we need in this age of violence. The chances that we will be exposed to a violent or disastrous event in the nation is too high.
Fantastic course! An eye-opener for individuals most especially to those who are in the customer service and social welfare unit. This course is people-centric and, to my mind, needs to be included in every organization's training seminars and/or courses.
Great introduction and very similar to what I am doing as a Coach, albeit in a different context. Nonetheless, I was able to draw parallel to the knowledge and information taught in this course and it has sparked an interest in wanting to dive in deeper.
Absolutely Enlightening and engaging course. The Kinda lesson you want to truly kindle for life. A Novel side of Mental Health Caring, very scientific and basic to begin with for everyone truly! Irrespective of your background and dept. you are welcome!
Excellent training program. Short & Specific For the event  videos (the videos that showcase the affected people and the experience of the first responders), it would be great if there could be sub-titles included, as the audio is not clear and audible.
that was a very informative course and I encourage every medical practised trainee to complete it, whether he works in psychological department or elsewhere, very lucid and please keep us updated with these topics which are related to the medical field.
I learned a lot about how to aproach and help people in need. I am a very socially awkward person , but this course taught me that my small contribution can have a larger impact on others life, which is rewarding for sure . Thank you Dr. George Everly.
An excellent starter course in psychological first aid. Great for those who are looking to explore a career in counseling and would like to begin volunteering as a psych first aid-er to get an idea of what working in the mental health field looks like.
This course is very informative. Even though I am already working in his field, I still learned lots of new ideas and techniques from this course. The simulation is great and fun. Thank you Dr. George S. Everly of John Hopkins University and Coursera.
Excellent course with simulations of how to do it right vs what not to do. Friendly instructor. Good for all levels. Clearly thought out and applicable model. Should be used as the standard in disaster preparation for communities! Highly recommend. :)
Excellent course. The way of teaching is outstanding. I am thankful to Coursera for giving us an opportunity to learn this kind of useful course. I am also thankful to the teacher of this course. The way of his teaching is excellent. Love from India.
Really useful course. Would appreciate if you would add additional course about emotional help for people who are feeling down due to things happening in their life (break ups, loss of family member, etc.), not neccesserely  due to massive disasters.
As someone who has enjoyed taking several psychology based courses, I thoroughly enjoyed a course the educated you in how to apply your knowledge efficiently! Thank you Johns Hopkins, Coursera, and Dr. George Everly for making this course available!
The Psychological First Aid course was a really informational  experience.  I am a final year Guidance and Counseling student and I was a little worried about going out in the field.  This course has increased my confidence level. Thank you so much.
Very effective approach to teach a subject like this. I thank  Dr. George Everly for designing this course. I am PhD student, working on Disaster research. After taking this course, I have learn many aspects hum people's response towards a disaster.
I loved this course! Even if I don't work in this field, knowing this strategies and learning how to treat people with respect and empathy is vital in every aspect of life. Helping other coping with distress is a really wonderful and fulfilling job
THis is very  informative and relevant to my work.  I find the topic simple  and understandable.  THe presentation of each topic  was clearly explained  and  the video  as simulation ion  presentation  captures the  essentials of the  inputs given.
I enjoyed taking this course, it was my first time to study online. And this experience made me adopt the idea of studying online more. My awareness of the PFA has increased and I am sure that it will help more in my job as a case worker volunteer.
The course is a brief descriptor of handling people in acute stress. Dr. Everley was fantastic in  his approach and the learning materials are very comprehensive and easy to understand. The simulation videos added advantage to the learning process.
This course is AMAZING!  It is helpful to all individuals that participate in emergency response.  I feel that the skills I obtained in this course will better prepare me to assist those in distress during deployments.  Thank you, Johns Hopkins :)
As a clinical psychologist, this course helps me put things into more grounded perspective. For example, upon how should I teach others to facilitate distress of the people next to them, and how to take care of themselves before attend to others.
This course was very informative and presents simulations to contextualize PFA strategies. The content is useful for personal and professional use. I would highly recommend taking this course to others, especially to those who work in education.
great experience. easy to understand .. i have learned so many things during this course which help me in future to deal with crisis situation and how to deal with this effectively .. thank you so much for making this course easy to understand .
This course provides a very practical approach to teaching Psychological First Aid. As a helper, I can use the skills taught in this class to help the people I volunteer with. I recommend this course to anyone interested in learning a new skill.
Extremely organized, valuable, informative, and helpful course!! I truly enjoyed the process of learning and the very user-friendly manner in which it was set up. A very, very rewarding experience! Will highly recommend this to my stakeholders.
This course effectively summarizes the key elements involved in psychological first aid and provides a clear framework on how to administer psychological first aid in the field. The video examples were helpful to illustrate key learning points.
Explains a very good model which could be adopted and used to train relief workers in terms of providing psychological support in a case of a disaster. Course is structured nicely and provide simulation videos to comprehend the material better.
Though I'm not from any disaster care background, this course helped me a lot to at least identify and help people undergoing any kind of depression or stress which would obviously help me help my fellow humans and help take better care of me!
Well develop course and very interesting subjects to learn. I have never done it before, but I hope to help people if the opportunity arise. Maybe volunteer myself when is need it.Fun course to learn and I hope to help people when is need it.W
I found this very useful. I can surely say that my vision toward survivors is surely not the same as the one I had prior to this course. And of course, my attitude would not be the previous one.Lastly, George Everly, the instructor is awesome!
I'd like to thank the author of this course for the methodology of the studying process. I feel I'm able to apply my new knowledge to real life situations (hopefully, I would never have to) due to practiacal cases used in this MOOC. Thank you!
I learned to take a different look at social support and crisis intervention. Above all, it is for different professions in charge of the health field, I really believe that I have learned some tools that can help me in any event or disaster.
Very useful. I work as a school psychologist, but I got very limited training in crisis intervention. This course not only filled many gaps in my knowledge, but gave me much greater confidence about working with students in crisis situations.
Precise and Well Paced. This course is for anyone who wants to learn how to help a person in crisis. It may be also applied to personal life making you better equipped to face difficult situations. Thank you Professor for such a great course.
this coursed definitely will help me in my professional career in the future. I feel a huge sense of fulfillment for myself and responsibility towards those who need help. I am now prepared and much more confident after finishing this course.
First experience for a french student. A french translation would have facilitate my learning, but the course was practical and easy to understand. The concepts are clearly explained and the videos complete quite well the explanation. Thanks.
Amazing, very basic but that is exactly what I expected. I feel like anyone can take away lessons from this course and apply them to their own lives, not just during disasters or emergencies. I would recommend to anyone who works with others!
Learned what I thought I as going to learn and a bit more. A lot of really useful and helpful information that can be reviewed countless amount of times but also is relatively easily digestible to keep learning more and move along the class.
The course is very interesting and engaging. It also provides practical knowledge based on video sumulations wich is very valuable. It's difficulty and duration of modules is optimal. I would recommend it to anyone interested in the subject.
one of the most important course everyone should learn as it get you more near what humanity mean which is to help others and be with them to ease may be the worst moments in their life. thank you for the important and fascinating knowledge.
A valuable learning along with strategies that may be of a good use for me in any upcoming disaster if happens. Sharing of what one understood with other members in discussion was benefitial. Course difficulty and duration was very helpful.
I enjoyed the class and i think I now have to tool to provide PFD to people in need. I dont feel like I have to come up with the answers. Empathy is a key element to help someone gain confidence in you. You are someone who they can rely on.
it is a very informative course. the RAPID module i feel will be effective in this time of the pandemic of COVID19 irrespective of which part of the world I am it will definately help me to help others and also let take care of my own self.
I am on the last year psychology. I did not learn a lot of new stuff, but I find this course very useful because it's helped me to organize my knowledge. I recommend this course because it's interesting and you really can learn on examples.
It is a beautifully constructed course. What I love about it is that it is not unncessarily stretched. The way Dr. Everly explains the concepts is amazing. PFA is a skill not easy to understand. But the course has made it easy for everyone.
Excellent course nicely paced.  The quizzes were tough and made me review the lessons.  The simulations were  excellent and really illustrated the material.  the content is extremely useful - I plan to use it on my job in advising students!
The course was very  informative and well structured. I particularly enjoyed the discussion forum and simulations. I look forward to helping people with the skills learnt as well as looking forward to receipt of the certificate. Thank you!
This course turned out to be a perfect complement to the experience I already had in this area, I ordered and made me prioritize the elements of the PFA that I already managed. It will also help me train more people who need it. Thank you.
This course was wonderfully methodological & informative; given with a lot of care, both for the subject/learning matter itself, as well as for those to whom it is presented. I would be pleased to take higher level courses related to this.
The course has not only made me realized the broad information in doing PFA but also developed my my sense of empathy, and hone my skills in handling people in times of distressed. Thank you so much for this course, it made a huge impact!
Really well planned and comprehensively explained.It is a very important and beneficial course for those who look forward to serve the society and people in times of distress and crises.I learned a lot.Thank you for providing this course.
A succinct and simple-to-understand introduction to psychological first aid, with simulations of interactions with persons in distress teaching to what-to-do and what-not-to-do's to facilitate learning points and key theoretical concepts.
Good, course,that truly, brings, out, what's, good, left, in folk, or cyborgs, to help, question, each other, about, their, feeble, existence; their, ability, to DO THEIR, JOB...makes, me, Mad, and, wonder, do, they, really, UNDERSTAND...
Thoroughly enjoyed this course.  The pacing was perfect and all the lectures were "bite sized" so that I could always find time to fit them into my schedule.  Thank you for this course - I believe I am now better equipped to help others.
I liked the course very much, it is informative and taught me some aspects of self love as well, i would recommend this course to everyone out there, even if you are not in helping profession , it helps you to be compassionate. Thankyou!
Extraordinary. I really enjoyed it. I took the course with motivation and interest. I was delighted with the simplicity and, at the same time, with the solid foundations presented.

Congratulations to all of you. And thank you very much.
I has been so insightful. I have learnt a great deal of knowledge and techniques and I feel I am ready to help those experiencing different level of stress (distress and dysfunctional) to mitigate and cope so that they can be functional.
I found this to be a well designed course. The content was comprehensive but simple enough to cover all necessary information. The lecture videos were short and succinct. The simulations showed the practical application of the concepts.
Exceptional. I have worked in conflict and disaster environments for much of the last decade and this course really helped me understand problems I have helped others face in addition to helping me process my own experiences. Thank you!
This course has addressed the very basics of PFA in s vivid manner. I really liked the course and ready to implement what i have learned when needed. I hope JHSPH comes up with more advanced versions of the course very soon. Thank you.
Very well designed course. Increasing confidence as well as the presence of mind after learning every module.  The quizzes have well-assessed knowledge of MOOC learners. Hats off to the Professor who explained with so much involvement.
I found this online course really great! I really love the Reflective Listening and Self-Care lectures. These lectures taught me how to understand, create an emphatic bond, and appreciate people who are in their darkest moment in life.
Thank you so much for such a wonderful experience and the chance to be more skilled and knowledgeable in PFA. Definitely, going to apply the techniques I've learned to my learners and if circumstances ask for it as well. More power!!!
The course is really good. Having simulation on how not to do and then how correctly to do makes a lot of sense of common mistakes and corrections on it. It has enhanced my skill which i can use it in my professional life..Thank you..
This was an exceptional course. The content and presentational stlye was very informative, both for persons with significant and limited experience with delivering mental health assistance to persons with recent traumatic experiences.
Many Many thanks to Dr. George and Coursera for that I have learned how to behave with people who will go through disasters. It was really meaningful course. My idea has changed now. I feel different.Thank you. I am proud of Coursera.
Even though I am a Clinical Psychologist by profession, this course was extremely helpful in understanding PFA and how it can be used in situations of crisis, where psychotherapy is not an option, and also not helpful. So many thanks
I really liked this lesson, for its comprehensive and simple guidance on how to apply Psychological First Aid.  The RAPID method is easy to remember and is based to the most important think you can do, listening.  Thank you for this!
Really interesting course. In the post Covid era, it would be useful for anyone, as there might be part of our communities having difficulties coping. Thanks for the model; will be keeping it in mind when being part of a relief team.
Honestly, one of the best units I have taken to date, I thoroughly enjoyed the humanistic nature of the treatment of those who have gone through horrible circumstances and this whole concept was just fascinating from start to finish.
I love the way it was presented.I enjoyed a lot in the learning experience. I record my heartfelt thanks to the Professor and Coursera Team for the amazing coyse and for the opportunity to nuture my skills on Psychological First And.
The content and the context of the course immensely open to a whole new level of conversation and the perspective of the First Aid provider. The knowledge I have learnt as a first responder would hopefully aid those who are in need.
This course is very Educational and informative, I have gain new knowledge about help people and listening effectively inorder to successful connect and understand the person. I intend to put everything that I learnt into practice.
The content was clear and well taught. Dr. Everly, the instructor, has a wealth of knowledge that is readily evident. I feel more prepared and confident in approaching others in crisis, both within and outside of a crisis context.
Excellent course, excellent expositor and material. Very clear and easy to understand. A course that can always help you, even on a daily basis if we apply some of the topics, like reflective listening, take care of yourself, etc.
I really liked the course and benefitted a lot from the course. It was very well planned and well delivered program. I have some amount of field experience in this area, so I could relate and realise how practical every point was.
Dr. Everly is right. Even some of those trained in clinical therapy aren't necessarily equipped to be PFA providers. It was an enjoyable, highly informative module. Even without direct engagement, it encourages critical thinking.
Concise, short, clear and well-presented course. Very good for the beginners doing the psychotherapy and counselling study and the frontline personnel handling the disaster events or dealing with call support for mental helpline.
I love it, literally changed my perspective about the world and the people. I can say with no doubt than the Psychological First Aids are really important as the regular First Aids. Thank you for preparing the course. Love you!
This was a very useful course to me! It would be even better if it included also some simulations of responding to individuals needing the next level of care, and additional examples of phrasing for conducting such escalations.
I Got the basic idea about psychological 1st aid module accordingly to john Hopskin University . Now I am able to talk and share my knowledge about it among to my national , community and international friends and surveillance.
This course is really well done! It's really organized and I love that the last week of the course is about self-care because even though our priorities are our patients, we often forget that our mental health is important too.
A meaningful course for not only health workers, but also for everybody in providing the knowledge to take care of themselves and others when in crisis or disaster. The course structure and stimulations are very easy to follow.
Worth it for those looking to manage the risks faced by people immediately after a disaster, as this course provides a window into the methods needed to mitigate acute psychological distress in an accurate and engaging fashion.
Amazingly put together. Workload is arranged in a way that is incredibly manageable. The instructor is clear and knowledgeable. There are video demonstrations of the correct and incorrect way of implementing techniques taught.
A brief, well established introductory course! Very well presented material that promotes engaging interaction. I would love to have more of Dr. Everly's field experience and narrations incorporated in the lectures. Thank you!
i think i highly recommend this course to each & every individual as it has a lot of knowledge and information to be learned.i am looking forward to be a part of john Hopkins to serve the humanity in a more precise way.Thanks
Really great course for everyone interested in how to help people to deal with in/after traumatic situations. I enjoyed the course and learnt a lot skills how to approach person and the ways to be helpful. Strongly recommend!
please amend the name on the graduation certificate, as the certificate was assigned in the name of my father and he did not mention my name, so please change it and send it to the personal email
Abdullah.aljaf1985@gmail.com
I am grateful that have additional knowledge about psychological first aid.  It is very informative and helpful specially today in our school, catering our learners with special needs and their parents.  Thank you very much.
Very nice course 😊The learning materials are complete and easy to understand. The instructor is clear and precise. I commend this course for having a simulation so we can really see the actual scenarios when performing PFA.
This course is a must for anyone who is, has or wants to work on the front lines to assist others during a time of crisis or loss.  Even if you think you know all the information provided it reinforces the validity of RAPID.
Anyone and everyone thinking of helping out in the field during disasters need to consider doing this course. The course is clearly designed for a mental health first responder. Thank you JHU for creating such useful content
What an interesting course!  Dr. Everly is amazing at delivering the course material and the pace is perfect for the non-emergency related individuals.  Thank you so much for taking the time to prepare and offer this course!
There is always something that you never know when you can use them. However, things really happen all the time. Knowing something is really helpful. That's why I would highly recommand this course to non-psy major students.
I'm very satisfied the course overall.It thoroughly describe what PFA is all about, and RAPID method which is one of PFA methods were very easy to understand, I really appreciate the teaching. It was really something to me.
Although heavily/entirely focused on disaster response, this training is partially-applicable to general use in responding to those in need of psychological first aid. The course is well laid out and the lectures are great.
The information was helpful and validating. The delivery of the information seemed encroached by the need to boast personal success and establish prominence in academia. All in all, the material triumphed over its delivery.
I am very happy and satisfied to have taken this course. I learned and realized a lot of new things. I am sure that in the future I will be able to use the skills that I received on this course for the benefit of humanity.
I enjoyed the course because it was easy to follow, good length of program, the professor is a compassionate human and loved the scenarios DO's vs DONT's. RAPID techniques I learned are very useful in real life. Thank you!
This course provides scientific evidences on how to help people in moments of distress. Very helpful and useful for everyone working on fields related to health care and for anyone interested in improving personal skills.
Love this course! I am only a Grade 10 student right now. This course is very structured and organised in a way a beginner can understand. It provides stimulations which is very helpful. Good course, definitely recommend!
As a Child Protective Services Caseworker, I work with a variety of families who experience psychological crises at various times. The course helped me learn a bit more about how to help my families when they are in need.
Informative, all the knowledge are delivered with comfortable speed and are articulated in a very clear direction. A great course for those who wanted to pursue psychology but has no prior knowledge! Thank you Dr George!
Taking this course was a wonderful experience! Learning about PFA and RAPID model gives you a perspective of how to help others in need but also take care of yourself as well. I enjoyed it a lot, and highly recommend it!
This course is very useful and I am a person with not much experience in this field. The course has given me an insight from the very basic to an expert's level of information regarding the subject. Thank you very much.
The course was very helpful and interesting for me. A single case with how to proceed and how not to proceed in each step was very informative. The Quiz added my interest to be more attentive. It was a great experience.
It was such a nice opportunity to learn psychological first aid from George Everly. We have once again seen the importance of PFA in these difficult days as we have passed through a difficult process as the whole world.
The course PFA is a very good, interesting and educative one.  I learnt a lots of new skills and techniques and I will apply it in my area of work and wish to learn more and new courses from Coursera. It worth it. Bravo
This course was incredibly enriching in empathetic means, and helping me identify practical methods in psychological first aid. I am sincerely thankful for having been able to take this course and learn the RAPID model.
Amazing experience.I am a engineering student and I will implement what I have learned from this course. Being a victim of depression I know how much a person needs a friendly ear in situations like those. Thank you sir
This course is a best introductory one to psychological first aid, it equips you with valuable insights, The course is clear and understandable, with lots of useful information that can even be apply in our daily life.
This course is very well written and the videos are engaging. The professor is extremely knowledgeable and gives concrete examples of proper and improper interactions between first responders and in crisis individuals.
Every step is explained in a very simple and lucid manner. Simulation was an effective way to learn and understand the core essence of the topics. I've learnt so many things from this course ♥️. Thanks for everything.
I'm very happy that I choose to do this course it was very interesting and fun to do the material were so helpful the lectures were fantastic I'm really looking forward to be in the field and help those in need of PFA
The speaker has a voice that leads to understanding even if our mother language is not English !Moreover, the structure and the frequent reminder and wrap up are indeed the best tools in a 5 weeks course.Thanks !Elena
I learned so much from this insightful and fruitful course. I hope I can use knowledge I got from this course to help those in need, especially in this pandemic of COVID-19 as a volunteer counselor. Thank you so much!
One of the best courses I have ever taken in this genre. The simulations were an excellent tool and the presenter was superb. If I could have I would have enrolled in a more advanced course on this topic with George.
As someone who is not very experienced with dealing with trauma, I found Dr. Everly's lectures to be very straightforward, easy to understand and engaging.  I can now use these practices in my daily life.  Thank you!
George is an engaging lecturer and I feel much more confident in my abilities to assess and help people in distress. I will be using the information I learned in this course in my nursing practice. Thank you so much!
I found the course extremely informative and helpful. I will say I am not sure that the test questions were particularly well drafted. They did not always seem to follow along with what was presented in the session.
This course was an excellent aid in understanding what needs to be done (and why they need to be done) to help others (as well as yourself) when disasters occur.  It was interesting, enlightening and well delivered.
The practice course contains a clear stress relief algorithm. The course is available for study, you do not need in-depth knowledge of psychology to start learning. PFA takes a little time to study - about 10 hours.
This course is very helpful and easy to understand. It's taught in an organized way. And i like the scenario stimulations. After learning this course you can help both yourself and others. Very useful in  real life.
I enjoy this course a lot because there are video examples of how a person can demonstrate the skills and Dr George teach really well. I just hope we can see the correct answer to the questions we answered wrongly.
I really think I learned something and enjoyed learning it from  the professor. I would like to learn more content like this. It was amazing. I feel good and confident in what i learnt, for the first time atleast.
This course really helpful to understand how to handle situation. Best part of course to present negative and positive manners by examples. I made significant progress towards my learning goals during this course.
I really enjoyed taking this course.  I appreciated that the material was not huge, but specific, articulate and to the point. It really offers to the learner a sound basis on how to offer psychological first aid.
It has been an enriching first online course for me and thanks to Johns Hopkins and Dr Everly for mounting this very helpful module. I sure will use this in my future works as a psychologist. Thank you very much.
I really enjoyed this course! The content is applicable and relatable, the examples are tangible and effective. Thanks for putting this together! I feel far better equipped to provide support in these situations.
Excelent course! The teacher was extremely simple in his explanations. It definitely sparked my curiosity to continue researching and learning about it. I think what I learned will be extremely useful in my life.
Thank you! Your course is so information and instructional. I helps me with my own self-understanding, self-care and understanding of others. Examples and demonstrative videos are so helpful and clear! Thank you!
You teach Us very well . I understand all your point that you want deliver to us ... how we can help the people they they face a loss in storm , fire , tsunami, etc . thanku sir , for giving us a great knowledge
I learned so much from this course.  I used my stored knowledge in Counseling and Psychology, but this course gave me more than what I already know.  It helped me be prepared in my goal to be a first responder.
I learned a lot of things from Dr. Everly! Although I am a graduate of MS in Psychology, I still learned new and essential skills in doing Psychological First Aid.  Thank you so much! Love from the Philippines.
I learn alot from this course on how to Reflective listening, assessment, prioritizeation, intervention through the content and slso the simulation both flaw and appropriate way. Thank you very much Dr. George.
The course was well-paced and easy to understand. I enjoyed the videos and simulations as it provided a better understanding of the trauma that people experienced in crisis and the RAPID technique respectively.
Thank you for the very well explained course, I could learn some new things although being a psychologist myself. The vignettes where super interesting and gave an impression of how to intervene in “real life”.
Its good but the thing is the certificate is not free...i thought there will be 7 days free trial,,, how can we use the knowledge gained from it if we can not show the employers the corresponding certificate...
Helped understanding the most important parts of helping those in distress. Many things are intuitive, but I think that this course has helped me understand the value of many aspects of psychological first aid.
It was an amazing learning experience. The structure of the course is very well divided and to the point. The delivery of lectures by Dr George was also very captivating. Happy to have enrolled for this course.
This course is a great introduction ton PFA, as a psychologist the knowledge that i gained here come as a complement of what i learned during my Master, and will change the way i work during a crisis deployment
I work in healthcare currently. I find all the info that was taught in this course has given me the ability to better serve and aid our patients. I would like to be able to provide more to my Pts when possible
I am very satisfied with this course; Johns Hopkins PFA model has been very enriching in my life, taking into account that I had no previous knowledge on the subject, the content was precise and interactive .
Amazing course... It helped me a lot to learn about PFA. This course is very useful and very easy to learn. It's a well planned course so you will always be eager to learn more and more. Thank you so much Sir
Loved this course. And Dr Everly is a great lecturer. Really loved the videos, and it helped me to become an even better PFA - especially in these times. I also learned alot about myself. Thumbs up Dr Everly.
Very interesting and easy course. It really helped me to understand what individuals may for through and how can I be of help to them. Thank You, George Everly, Jr., PhD for making this course so interesting.
This course is very usefull for any humanitarian worker, and what´s best, you can use it in any line of work with people, whether it is first reponse in crisis, or teamwork and people management in an office.
Awesome course material, was explained clearly and effectively, and an enjoyable and useful topic to learn, especially with current circumstances in our world today. I will recommend this course to everyone!
The best course about psychological first aid I found online.  very educational and amazingly explained. it helped me to understand the need for PFA even beyond what I had come up with to attend the course.
Very interesting. Even if you feel like you may never use this information, it definitely does not hurt to have a clearer picture of what to do in case of an emergency. We never know when we might live one!
Great course with little jargon so very approachable and anyone with a risk of dealing with high stress or major incident should do this course and link it to their normal systems of work and duty of care.
This course is very useful for people who want to help others during the time of disasters or any undesired events. The best part of this course is the simulation and their breakdown. This is very helpful.
I have really enjoyed and learned from this course. The professor's way of explaining was very engaging and exciting as well as realistic. I would love to take courses on self-care and relaxation with him.
Dr. Everly's lectures are the best in Coursera so far, in my opinion. PFA is a course that will help millions in those first moments in despair, distress or panic around the world. I strongly recommend it.
This is an essential, effective, and efficient class. The lecturer, George Everly, is very accommodating, giving helpful guides and examples through short vignettes. Will definitely recommend to a friend.
Very helpful course on the origins of psychological first aid. Dr. Everly does a great job breaking down the 5 steps of how to apply PFA and includes helpful video simulations. Would definitely recommend.
The course is really good and easy to get along. I would just renew a bit the cases, such as the fire one which is pretty old. I guess we had better and newer cases in the last years all around the world.
Dr. George Everly was amazing in carrying out the lectures! Staright-forward and to the point explanations with appropriate assessments, completed with simulations. This course was an amazing experience!
a very concise, well written and practical course about how to help yourself and help others when necessity of it strikes. thanks to Jhon Hopkins University to give us the chance to receive the course!!!
It's a helpful, relatively simple and well directed course.I feel way more secure now to help other people in need, however, I also feel more resilient and capable of taking care of the people around me.
Great introduction to PFA with a useful model for implementation. The inclusion of a history and research for its use rounds out the information. I would only ask for the next level course to be offered!
I really liked the course the course and I had a good time, it was both entertaining and fun, suitable forany beginner who wants to learn about pshycological first aid without having previous knowledge.
The course was quite interesting and useful. I have a small suggestion, it would be better if the faculty can be seen during the video presentation instead of just his audio.  Thank you for this course.
It's an eye-opening and a guidance subject that helps me firstly. Providing a well and comprehensive materials to convey the core of the message of the JHU. Thanks for all people who worked beyond that.
Great course, helped me to feel confident when someone asks for help- I know better what I can and should do to help in that moment and when I should advise them ask a proffessional or try psychoterapy.
Dr George Everly presented the information for this course in a relaxed manner that was easy to understand. All that I have learned after taking this course will be very useful in my professional life.
This was another wonderful learning experience, and I am very grateful.PROBLEM is, I paid for the certificate and cannot find it anywhere, I am a bit discouraged. I hope somebody can help. Thank you.
I am a teacher in Psychology and have undergone training in PFA but this model will be very useful because it is relatively easy to follow.  I can make use of this as part of my practice.  Thank you.
Found the course really informational and useful on both personal and professional levels. The techniques and skills were easily implementable and highly transferable to various real-life situations.
Excellent introduction to Psychological First Aid. Highly recommend it to everyone as the information within is relevant to everyone as we all may someday be in a position of assisting after a crisis
Even if English is not my first language, the course was so clear and well-organised that I was able to follow the lectures and to learn a lot. It was a very productive experience. Thank you so much!
I preferred the RAPID approach. It is like a guide and step by step approach to supporting people in crises. I especially appreciated the simulation videos. It helped with reframing and paraphrasing.
It's made for front line first contact with distressed and dysfunctional persons after a crisis, not for in-depth psychological evaluation. Nonetheless very useful depending on what field you are in.
I thank you for organizing this super course! I loved the
way you demonstrated compassion and being supportive. you have made a
difference to me. Thank you. May the Almighty bless you with goodness.
I had a wonderful learning experience. Kudos to Dr. George! Lectures are brief but very substantial, simulation videos are very helpful to how to do it and how not to do the psychological first aid.
Very well done PFA course. I feel personally really enriched and also feel to have gained important operative skills in order to operate in this field. Thank you to Dr. Everly and his collaborators!
This was a great and engaging course to bring someone up to speed with how to handle PFA in the wake of a disaster. I look forward to utilizing these new skills in the field to help other around me.
It was very helpful in terms of gaining knowledge. The experience was interactive, the simulation videos made the course even more interesting and compelling. It was a wonderful learning experience.
A course par Excellence!!! Would recommend it to many and would want to come back and take the course again not for the certificate but because there is so much to learn from it. Thank you so much.
i loved the videos they helped a lot in understanding the whole course.Discussion forums are good,you get to hear views from different people..i just love the whole course and how it was outlined..
very interesting course !!you learn alot of new things the course and the as someone that dosen't speak English as my mother languish it was very easy to understand and it was explained very good !
It was definitely easy to follow through. It was delivered well and all parts of the course were significant. These may also be applied to how one deals with their own family's mental health care.
Great informative course.  It provides enough information or the basic concept- every and anyone can help or assist others.  In a time of need or crisis.  Just listen to your neighbor it can help.
Course structured in a way that was easy to understand with explanations.  The professor is experienced and well versed in his material.  Simple to follow techniques for the self help section too.
The resource materials provided in the lessons are incredibly useful. I will highly suggest this to my colleagues as the lessons provided are practical and can be used throughout your whole life.
For me was very difficult as the termanology was hard for me to understand; however, I got through it so I'm happy. Learned a lot about the different types of adversity that survivors go through.
It is an excellent course with great material and instructions. It focuses on skills and the simulations are very relevant. Designed perfectly, I absorbed almost everything taught in this course!
This is most recommended to Development Workers like me. Everyone should be ready to help others in need. This packet of learning provides tons of skills to learn. Simply taught and enlightening.
Th course is fruitful and the instructor and course materials are great. If the instructor engaged more it could be more interesting, because some moments of the course are taken over by boredom.
George was engaging and extremely knowledgeable. I was able to work at my own pace and complete the course fairly quickly. I would take an in-person course of his if I could! Suzanne - Ottawa, ON
Wonderful course! Loved the instructor and the videos! Love the rich contact, description, explanations, and self-care tips. Good mix of equipping you for the services you are wanting to provide.
Simply clear, objective , pratic and very usefull. Maybe a list of organisations to contact to help people would have been a plus. But i enjoyed this course and will recommand it to my colleagues
Really good course that teaches how to respond after a disaster or crisis without being a trained mental health professional.  Instructor is very experienced and knowledgeable.  Highly recommend.
This course was really interesting and opened my eyes to not only trauma response, but it allowed me to get more information that I could use in my workplace to create more reasonable practices.
It definitely delivers what it promises in its description. The RAPID model is well-planned, well-explained, and easy to understand. Some of the teachings can be used in our daily lives as well.
Dr.Everly made the course not only informational but not in the least bit boring. I loved the similations that made the lectures clearer. I would definitely encourage others to take this course.
I think dott. George Everly is very professional teacher with a real experience in the field of PFA. The structure of the course is linear and interesting at the same time. Thanks for your work.
Thank you so much Dr. Everly! It was such a helpful course not only for my future career in helping field but for myself as well. The course content was well developed, organized and delivered.
The course is really informative and helpful for us counselors who also want to help people who experienced crisis. This gave us background on how to deliver Psychological First Aid. Thank you!
it is a course very well syntetized, presented and information was very applied to crisis intervention. i like simulations (good and flawed). Please, take my kindest regards, dr. George Everly!
Really good content, a lot of good information and concise e precise "how to" directions! I highly recommend this course to anyone trying to understand e help with psychological first response!
I think this course is more an important now than ever before. As a psychiatric nursing student, I will be recommending this course to all my classmates. I will use this in my future practice.
Very insightful, detailed and comprehensible course. It would be great if there is more example footages to see some other variations to how Psychological First Aid model RAPID can be applied.
i think its one of the best course for psychology or mental health students because it gives us complete picture of first aid that how can we start and how we can give psychological first aid.
It is our responsibility to look after the members of our communities. This course provides us with very useful tools to proactively respond to difficult situations our communities might face.
Great course. It provided me with in depth knowledge and skills to really grasp the concepts of empathy, compassion and what it means to have a true desire to help people in crisis situations.
The course was very simple and concise and gave a very helpful background on PFA. I appreciate the vignettes used in this course because they facilitate learning on how PFA could be improved.
The PFA course modules are clearly outlined with excellent explanations, and I particularly loved the case vignettes, with the 'wrong' and 'right' ways of conducting psychological interviews.
This was an amazing course. I am a student of Psychology and this course helped me distinguish and draw a line between PFA and psychology. I have learned a lot through this course! Thank you!
I liked this course very much!. highly recommended for those health workers, emergency responders, as well as the community who are interested in helping people and community during disaster.
The lessons are very engaging and it follows a firm yet flexible structure. Learning materials are given and the simulations are really helpful in giving a better understanding of the topic.
While I am not the primary audience for this course, I still learned a lot. The simulations helped me apply the concepts that I'm learning. The teacher also feels very reliable and credible.
I never thought that I can finished this course..I was so hesitant to enrol to any Coursera course because it doesn't interest me until I found this topic..it captures my heart....thank you!
George made the PFA  lecture very interesting. I feel like i am sitting in the class room, It help me  to   understand more about psychological first aid needs and how to be a good listener.
The course was easy to follow and provided pertinent information. The simulation was an excellent way to gain a better understanding of how to handle interactions during a crisis situation.
Not too long, very engaging, explained in terms that people who do not already know psychological jargon can understand.  Thank you for helping us learn how to help others help themselves.
In this course, I have learned to provide psychological assistance and support to those in distress, especially during the period of an unpredictable pandemic like the one we are into now.
this course was really helpful, I've learned a lot of new techniques, and a lot of added information, enjoyed every lecture and always found great information to use i my career. thank you
This course was great explain the key words to understand and make something in a difficult situation, explaining clearly the steps to do it. Take it  and enjoy learning, very recommended.
Just like 'physical' first aid, psychological first aid is also good to learn. I am grateful I took the course I learned what I expected to learn. Thank you very much. I highly recommend.
Thank you very much! This has been a very informative and interesting class. I feel much more capable of handling a situation or circumstance in which a person would require such support.
what an awesome course. I loved how kind George is, not just knowledgeable, but also so kind. I think it makes all the difference. I've learned a lot and very glad I've taken this course.
This course has provided me with a good structure that I will use in my role in public health. The amount and relevance of information is excellent as well as the duration of the modules.
It  is one of the best courses i have attended so far. I have really learned a lot and looking  forward to put the knowledge  i have learnt into practical perspective. Thank you so much.
I learned a lot, in terms of concepts, theory and most importantly techniques! The simulations were very helpful in enhancing my learning throughout the course! Dr Everly is amazing too!
This is my first online course and I am ecstatic that is was. The instruction was able to explain all concepts in a concise manner, so that there will be no need for further explanation.
It was straightforward and teachings were clearly communicated. It is a good introductory course to take for those looking to support others by building rapport and reflective listening.
a great learning experience that npt only helps to understand how to be there for people who have gone through any kinda trauma in life and i was glad i had this opportunity to learn it.
For the length of the course there is a lot of information that doesn't feel rushed. I really enjoyed the pace and found the material presented in a way that did not bore or confuse you.
I thought this course was enlightening and good for the soul. It gave me a great platform to commence my interest in Mental Health and starting my role as Mental Health Champion at work.
A wonderful course to start of with. You get an understanding of what to do in cases of quick and fast thinking in moments that people are in need and not get them confused or more lost.
I loved learning about this way of treating people. It gives new insight into how to talk to suffering people following disasters. This is a good course for future medical professionals.
I loved it, deep and concrete, it provides many tools for the development of skills in PFA and self-care. I hope to be able to apply it and contrast my new learning with the experience.
Excellent. The PFA is very well explainend in all its phases with RAPID model. The simulations are very helpful and Prof. George is a great model of compassion and supportive presence.
It was a practical course, The RAPID model was well structured and developed over the weeks. Excellent use of videos to model different situations as they should or should not be done.
I have learned  a lot through this course and I will recommend it to others because everybody could get in a situation where compassionate and knowledgeable help and support is needed.
Great fun learning. I enjoyed the presentation and I learned a lot! I have started many online courses, but never finished. So I am proud that I actually finished an online course! :-)
This is a very useful course for those who are determined to help someone through crisis determination. Very useful with detailed video to explain how PFA works in real life situation!
It was excellent Journey. George had helped us to learn RAPID which is most important aspects during Psychological First AId. I am going to use this techniques in my further practices.
It was an eye opener and it exceeded my expectations. Whether one is interested in self care, seeking help from others, providing help to others, the information is incredibly useful.
Really sets out to do what it promises: provide knowledge and a useful model for how to assist others (and take care of oneself) in situations of disasters and psychological distress.
This course was clear, practical, thorough for an intro to the topic, and well-structured. The instructor was engaging, and I feel like I got the information I needed from the course.
I really enjoyed this course and highly recommend  it. The skills and practical advise given throughout this course is truly applicable to everyone. Thank you for making it available!
This is a compelling, approachable course. I learned skills that are immediately applicable in disaster as well as every day situations for helping people through moments of distress.
This course was presented in a very effective manner. Anyone can take this course and walk away with the knowledge necessary to be emphatic in daily life, as well as after a disaster.
Very good content. The power points are informative and to the point. The mock scenarios are filmed in a manner that is easy to follow and understand. I got a lot out of this. Thanks!
Everyone should take this course. I believe that PFA could help a lot the worldwide community to build resilience and us to be more human beings, with compassion and ability to help.
A well thought out and well-paced course. I would recommend this course for anyone interested in supporting the psychological and holistic well-being of people impacted by disasters.
It is a valuable course to get a grounding in the skills required to assist in PFA and forms a great foundation to move on to further detailed learning. Very enjoyable and rewarding.
Absolutely great course, with simplified explanation and numerous examples and videos to help in understanding. Many concepts applicable even in daily life. would recommend to others
PFA was eye-opening for me. Apart from using it as a tool to stabilize and mitigate acute distress in accident, disaster and so on victims, it can be applied personally to the self.
Very informative and realistic. This course needs to be taken by all students in all fields because it is so necessary and the explanations and simulations are absolutely realistic.
This is my first course on Coursera, and the course is terrific. I'm satisfied. I want to thank Johns Hopkins University and Doctor George Everly for creating this fantastic course.
Simply explained and good layout, but sometimes the quizzes unnecessarily use high-level words difficult to understand for non-native speakers or those without a medical background.
Meaningful and useful course. While it teaches the basics of psychological first aid, some things learnt could apply to our daily lives. Lessons were well explained and engaging. :)
The course was interesting, accessible, and the content was presented in a way that made it practical and useful. I only wish that the class went more in depth and was a bit longer!
Great course! I think everyone should know this information, if only to know the proper way to help your children or loved ones deal with adversities. Instructor was very good, too.
Thank you Professor Everly, I thoroughly enjoyed the course and your methods of teaching. It is a skill set that everyone must possess, I recommend every individual do this course.
I would really love to meet George and have the opportunity of interning with him. The best psychological first aid course for rookies. Self-Care is an amazing view and is so true.
Fantastic course! Material is well-organized and clearly presented. Gives students a solid range of expectations for crisis intervention, with primary emphasis on disaster relief.
This is such an useful course. I am a Personal Care Assistance at a nursing home in Australia. I have applied the knowledge l learn from you to my residences. Thank you very much.
It’s very useful course for everyone especially who working in psychological field.Very energetic and sincere faculty also the counselling session is very useful to understanding.
I am pretty happy about the presentations of the class...assessment questions (really of good quality),vignettes about what should do and what should not do when doing RAPID PFA..
This course is really helpful to people who want to help people who experienced a huge lost and sadness.The explanation in the course is clear and compact.Really worth learning :)
A very well-formulated course explained in a manner which is very simple and easy to grasp and remember. Use of a singular case to explain the whole process was a brilliant idea.
This course gave me a new insight about how to help other who are in need without making them feel uncomfortable and i am looking forward to apply what I learned here in my life.
I have learned many things. Basically I am a researcher, trying to work with mental health issues. I have got what I wanted. Those simulations during the lessons were just great.
This is a great course for learning at your own pace and gaining some great knowledge on this topic. Each week took about 2-3 hours with listening to lectures, taking notes, etc.
Great course and great professor with an excellent communication skills. Even though I am chemist, I wanted to take this course on these corona days. I really liked it.Thank you.
I got a lot of things that learned from this course. Now that many events are happening around us, RAPID is very helpful not just to myself but also for other people. Thank you.
This is one of the best course that i have ever attended. The topic was thoroughly covered in a brilliant way. Simulation was very helpful. I am greatly thankful for the course.
Great course! Digestible material, simulation videos put material in context, & straight-forward quizzes. Would be interested in a course that dives even deeper into the topic.
This course is an excellent introduction to psychological first aid. The instructor is extremely knowledgeable and very engaging. The course materials and assessments are good.
I think it is important to see how to, and how not to do, psychological first aid.  The videos were good, the lectures appropriately paced and i liked the note-taking side bar.
For me, this course was very much above average.  I am overly empathetic and I'm hoping that I've learned to assess a difficult situation without becoming emotionally involved.
It is very interesting! As a psychology student, I have found it very useful and practical, it gives you a first guidance in the crisis intervention area. Highly reccomend it.
Absolutely brilliant course. A MUST for anyone involved in crisis response or wants to learn how to help loved ones through tough times. Great for everyday life situations to.
I enjoyed the classes so much that I completed it before scheduled time and still did not want it to end. It was very interesting...i look forward the a followup course/class.
One of the interesting courses that will give you some new insights into the management of persons with acute distress following disasters or psychologically traumatic events.
The videos where very clear and nice to watch. George is very good at making the lesson videos to the point, interested and very clear. No nonsense. Really like to watch them.
I really enjoyed doing this course it gives you a basic but complete and helpful insight on how to respond and give help to people who have been through a terrible experience
It's really an amazing course to learn especially when you're in a country or place that really need this kind of skill because there are many crisis or tragedy happen there.
It was a great course for me. George Everly, Jr is a good lecturer and he has the ability to control the situation easily. Thanks, Coursera. Thanks, Johns Hopkins University.
A very informative course with easy to follow slides. the best part is the simulation activities which help you realize what to do and what not to do instead of preaching it.
I really enjoyed this course and would highly recommend anyone to take this course. To me this is just as important as CPR. The Professor is great at making up this material.
Great course overall.  Very engaging with the exchange between videos, lectures, presentations, and real life accounts.  The course really does need to be distributed widely.
i found that the foundation principles are important and the practical examples fostered the learning process.  It fits will into the needed services in a disaster situation.
Sometimes we may wonder how to help a person deal with acute distress after an adversity. This course is useful to bridge that gap and will leave you with useful guidelines.
One of the best thing I've achieved in this lockdown is learning new things here. Thanks for the teachings.Thanks to Coursera and thanks to St.Joseph's College (Autonomous).
Dr. George Everly summarizes everything perfect. Lectures are great, you can do your schedule, and the content is very important and accurate.I surely recommend this course.
Very informative and helpful. The material was expansive, yet crisp and concise, and George has such a soothing voice in those simulation videos. Would definitely recommend!
It was an awesome course and i really learned a lot. This course helped me way closer to my personal success value. I am planning to be a psychologist now someday in future.
Great course! I would recommend to anyone especially during this pandemic crisis. It also touched on the importance of self-care when practicing PFA. Thank you, Prof Everly!
the course lectures were clear and discussed systematically. It was not hard to follow the discussion and most of all, It is very informative! More courses like this please.
An engaging course which provides a brief yet extremely helpful insight into psychological first aid. I will definitely be recommending this to all my friends and colleagues
Absolutely loved it. Definitely was what I was waiting and needing: a basic (and easy to use/remember/proceed) approach to people suffering to acute psychological distress.
This has been a highly informative course. I now know what PFA is and I can say It is quite different from what I had thought it was. Grateful for the opportunity to learn.
This course was eye opening and first class in practical dealing with the fore issue of Psychological First Aid. Thanks to the team at John Hopkins University and Coursera.
Really helpful and interesting course which gives broad spectrum of knowledge useful for first responders and wide array of public which are not mental health professionals
Throughout this course, my experience was amazing .Now , I’m feeling relived that I did something on my favorite subject .Thank you ,, Mentor !!!!I wish you good luck !!!!
Great course for beginners! Really opened my eyes to the process of helping those in need and gave me a better understanding of the thought process of distressed indivuals
For psychological interests and for the ones who like to help others and even yourself, the course is the beginning of a great journey and path for first aid. Just LOVE IT
Great course. I took it out of curiosity and the wish of self-development in the psychological field and I found it very interesting and helpful even just as a reflection!
Interesting topics, clear explanations, great use of good example/bad example videos. The right way to start a journey into the world of psychological emergencies response
I am really aware of this greatest course that i can learn about the psychological first aid from the fundamental basis to ways to deal when i meet with distress persons.
This course was great. Lectures in simple language, very much applicable in practical life and by the end of the course, it restored my confidence in my knowledge domain.
I love the information I've learned in this class.  It is giving me an insight into the feelings and emotions of others in a crisis situation and how to better help them.
This was a very interesting course, which prepares you to provide psychological first aid and explains the relevant concepts and techniques in an easy and simple format.
Great course! The lesson were very easy to follow, and Dr. Everly leads great videos. I would highly recommend this class to others especially during these trying times.
it's a clearly amazing course. I hope that i can make a difference and being a better person when helping others with everythings that i've been learned from this course
This course was very good. I am a psychologist from Austria and I found it very interesting and the video material was super! There is too less of this in our education.
Thank you for correcting my wrong behavour with others when they came to tell me about their crisis... I realise how wrong I was and I can start correctly from now on :)
Excellent introduction course. Well-structured, clear explanations and realistic examples. I enjoyed this course very much and have gained much knowledge on the subject.
This course is an eye opener. I am a Patient Care Assistant but will definitely apply some of what I've learnt to this job.Thanks to the Lecturers and also to Coursera.
It highlights the fundamental things which should and should not be done which focuses on the people who need intervention as well as to the people giving intervention.
I am planning to take a live PFA class here in the Philippines and this online course helped a lot in providing a bird’s eye view of what to expect. Highly recommended.
Systematic breakdown of concepts being taught. I felt it was very well done, easily understood, professionally narrated and encouraging to follow through until the end.
George has that radio voice and is so effective at teaching that my husband even sat down to watch. I learned what I hoped to and left wanting more.  Well done, George!
Very well crafted course which helps students to know how to deal with the psychological damage caused by disasters. Also helps to increase the EQ (Emotional Quotient).
It is a great course! Perfect amount of information, everything is good explained, with references to examples from own experience. I have enjoyed it! Thank you a lot!
The course was succinct and well presented. I liked the videos and the typed read along. I didn't take part in the discussions as I had only time to finish. Thank you.
Very direct, to the point and easy to understand. I would highly recommend this course for anyone dealing with people that deal with traumatic events on a daily basis.
Was a very nice course, easy to follow.  Good entry level information to help determine if this is the right career path for me.  Thanks a lot Coursera and Dr. Everly.
Very helpful! It's a good introduction to Psychological first aid. The simulations allows learners to see how the theory is applied. Looking forward to the next class!
It is a very good course. It was my first course in coursera and I wasn´t sure if I was going to like it, but it was great. It is very useful and I highly recommend it
It was a very interesting course. I have learned the basics of a new method. The exemples were very interesting. the explanation could habe been a bit more extensive.
Very informative. I really enjoyed taking this class, I especially liked that we got to use real life experiences to get the perspective of how to apply it. Thank you
This was a great introduction to PFA. It was easy to understand and very well explained. The simulations were very helpful to comprehend what the course was teaching.
Great course. I enjoyed learning new material and refreshing some of the concepts from an earlier training. The material was very helpful and easy to follow. Thanks!
The course was excellent . Chapter 3 & 4 test language was a bit frustrating. I purchased the book as a reference which I will have a great reference down the  road.
It was short and sweet. Got to the point. The grading was fair but required you to actually put some thought into your assignment. Overall pretty glad that I did it.
it was a wonderful informative journey for those who are deeply interested in the field of psychological responding through disasters like wars and natural disasters
An Excellent course, Highly recommend for anyone regardless if they engage in psychotherapy or not, this program should be a must in High schools and Health clinics.
Provides basic knowledge and skills needed to do psychological first aid. Course is compact. Very easy to understand. The simulation makes it more easily understood.
It was really amazing learning about Psychological First Aid. Thanks to the instructor for sharing his valuable experience with me to make my learning more practical
I really enjoyed this course. It reminds me a lot of LUVER (Listen, Understand, Validate, Empathize and Repeat) that MOCSA teaches in its group therapy. Thank you :)
Detailed, simple and extremely efficiently taught. I highly recommend this course. Helps in understanding the basic nature of humans, which i found very insightful.
It's a real shame the certificate is so expensive, i wish i could have it. But it's ok, i feel the course is really good and can actually help me help someone else.
A very comprehensive course that balances both technical terms and clear examples. I really enjoyed the lessons, especially short videos on how-not-to-do something.
its an excellent course which really improved my writing skills.good work by the team.all videos and material is really helpful and informative.thanks to the team.
Very concise and straight to the point. Dr. Everly was also very inspiring and motivating every time he introduces a new module. Very relevant and grounded course.
This course is very useful. The material described is structured and equipped with simulations. So it's not just learning in theory. Thank you for the opportunity!
the course certainly took my understanding in direction of practicing sympathy with empathy and be able to help someone struggling with stress due to some incident
I learned a lot of new ideas and terms during the course that I found useful. The professor was very engaging and the course material made learning very enjoyable.
Excellent course.. helps organize ideais and steps to be followed during that kind of work. Professor George is super, he explanes in a very easy way to comprehend
Course that helps in gaining professional knowledge in a very simplistic way which is both - productive and short. So it won't take a while to try out your skills.
It is an excellent course that has taught me important tools to offer help to people in cases of emergency and to help them mitigate the acute stress they may feel
Usually all the efforts are focused on conventional first aid, but is very rare to be told about how to deal with human emotions when disastes strikes.Great course
Excellent and thorough overview of practical skills for real life. Would highly recommend for anyone in healthcare or any field who wants to be useful in a crisis.
Very informative and useful for anyone who commonly deals with people in crisis or would like an introduction into what that would look like as a volunteer or care
This is great course for any one who is interested in working with psychological healing. Took this course out of curiosity and learned some new approaches. Thanks
Absolutely brilliant! I've loved this course. It's really engaging and informative. I love that you really see a tutor, really makes you feel a part of something.
i learned so many thing like how there is people goes through psycological  region when there is sudeenly occurs to them, in this corouse i learned lots of things
one of the best courses to teach how to handle people in need of psychological distress and specially dealing with people of post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)
Highly informative, I feel more ready as a first-reponder. With a First Aid certificate and PFA knowledge, I feel more holistically able to help people in crisis.
I couldn't have asked for a better Mentor/Instructor/Teacher/Guide Than Professor George. Thank you very much, Professor. Hope you live a long, and healthy life.
A brief, but practical and informative course on Psychological First Aid. Easily applicable to varied cultural settings, with some tweaks depending on the norms.
I believe I can easily apply what I have learned in this PFA course because it was presented in a simple and straightforward manner. Thank you for offering this!
Sometimes you try to learn something to become a better professional. And in rare cases you learn stuff that makes you a better human. This course provides both.
The course was very helpful and informative. I enjoyed it. The price of the certificate is a little high for a 6 hour course. Is there anyway to lower the price?
The course is well presented and well explained. It was very interesting. I am happy that I got an opportunity to learn this valuable course. Thankyou very much.
Solid course. Not the most challenging or earth-shattering material, but a good reminder of how to be a decent human being when dealing with a person in crisis.
This course has helped me organize my way of listening, it has completed me and I think it will give me the option of contributing to my community if necessary.
Hello, this course really helped me to acknowledge myself in the PFA which I didn't really know nothing about before, I'm so grateful for you all. thanks a lot.
I am very satisfied of the course. A little  problem was  the language, but I tried to repaid some times the lectures. I will use the knowledge in future needs.
Rather easy to follow. Is a course than can be taken by people in the mental health field, but also for people who are involved in a disaster is pretty useful.
The presenter was accessible and I feel rewarded that I can go onto helping others using a fair and simple yet tried and tested framework. Go raibh maith agat.
This was an excellent course. It was very well structured with lots of lecture videos, reading material and module quizzes. I felt engaged all the way through.
Excellent course, taught with an awesome mix of lecture, videos, simulations, and quizzes. I would recommend it to anyone. Dr. Everly is an amazing professor.
I'm very happy and satisfied in completing this course.This course is very helpful to developing the skills.Thank you Dr.Everly for this learning opportunity.
This course is very well-structured! It combines audio and visual material very well and allows you to reflect on what you learned in each module assessment.
Very informative.  I became more aware of handling disaster-related crisis.  Not the physical / medical needs.  But more so, for the acute distress.  Thanks.
An excellent, concise, and important class to take. Not too difficult and the information can be extremely useful in the future if involved in a catastrophe.
it is has been an excellent course, very useful and clear. compliments to Dr Everly and thanks for letting me improve myself in such a humble and deep manner
I am really glad I did take that course. Thank you very much prof. Everly for you time. I recommended this for everyone. ! It's worth to spend time with it !
I just love this professor.  He does a great job of showing how to remain calm in an emergency situation.  Great course!  I am going to use it for my staff.
It was a very interesting course, really well organized and it had a strong practical component with the simulations, showing what to do and what not to do.
Great for the beginners in this field - especially that very often first aid is considered only as the way to help people with physical injuries. Good work!
Thank you for this course, it was really interesting. I will come back to all the materials. Even in everyday life, some of the techniques seem very useful.
I am so glad I took this course. What an abundance of compassion! I am looking for more of your classes.....Thank you for teaching from your heart. 🙏Katja
Very helpful indeed! Although I am not a native speaker it was easy to follow and understand. The simulations were especially helpful for me. Thanks a lot!
I really enjoyed Dr. Everly's class. He was concise and his teachings interesting. I would love to take another course through him or similar to this one.
It's a very good comprehensive course. The demos of what not to do, and how to do things correctly are just precise, to the point,  and immensely helpful.
This course is very informative, educational and encouraging. It was not boring at all from the beginning to the end and i liked all the scenario scenes.
I don't have enough words to express my gratitude. All I can say is - thank you so much for designing this insightful course. Thank you Coursera and JHU.
This course really helped me with being more confident out in the field and it really helped me understanding what the do and why when a disaster happens
It's really interesting and very well explained all the aspects involved in Psychological First Aid. I've found this course quite useful as psychologist.
This course is wonderful. I am a psychologist myself, although not a clinician. I like how he explains things, and is definitely quite beneficial for me.
Thank you for giving me excellent information on psychological system.It is very helpful course for me. Thank you Johns Hopkins University and Coursera.
What a gift to get to learn from someone with such a wealth of experience and gentle, compassionate manner. And the scenes were really helpful as well!
I thought the course was excellent, it was relatively short but concise and easy to learn. I'm definitely going to apply what I have learnt to my life.
ES DEFINITIVAMENTE EL MEJOR CURSO DE APOYO PARA PRIMEROS AUXILIOS PSICOLÓGICOS QUE HE TOMADO, LO RECOMIENDO TOTALMENTE Y QUEDO PROFUNDAMENTE AGRADECIDO
Thank you so much for the course. I feel the course has so much relevance in daily life, not only for professionals but for people of all professions!!
As a psychology major, the material easy to understand and follow. For people who have no background in psychology, the information is comprehensible.
This course was well presented, has adequate content and very helpful in the times we live in. It will prove useful in helping people during disasters
Excellent course to enroll and easy to understand. The course structure is systematic and applicable to non-clinical worker too. Good course to study.
It was an amazing course, given by a brilliant person, it gave me the basis and curiosity I needed to look more into this subject and try to apply it.
A fundamental and easy to understand course about PFA. Even people who have no experience in psychology like me can be able to get to the core points.
Loved it, I learned everything I expected to, and more.  George was a great instructor and I enjoyed the pacing and relative difficulty of the course.
Help me look back how important one needs to understand the person for who he or she is rather than focusing first on what to do to solve an issue :)
The course was very helpful. It helped me enhanced technicality and terms of what previously I have learned in Graduate Programs. Highly recommended.
Thank you so much for the wonderful experience instilled in me and I am sure with this knowledge I can support people more efficiently during crisis.
It was a very clear, well prepared course for a person just starting within this topic area. Thanks for the hard work that is visible in this course!
Very useful and well designed course! Highly recommended for beginners who wants to learn and dedicate to a relevant role in psychological first aid.
E does not appear in my shopping cart profile.I wanted to know what happened?before I took the quizzes-I'm waiting for an answer.Att.Inka Dote Cuevas
This course was very helpful. It will help my to redefine and reshape my interventions with survivors and help them mitigate acute distress syntoms.
This course is useful not only in the wake of disaster but also helps to have a different look at active listening skills and  the people around us.
Very clear, simulation was helpful to get from an abstract concept to practical guidelines. Somewhat repetitive towards the end but understandable.
excellent, I found the course very punctual with respect to the topic that i interested to deepen, precise in the lessons and very adequate in time
I really enjoyed this class! I'll try my best to apply everything I learned from this course to the people that I'll be helping and working with...
This was a wonderful course and has helped me in my line of work! I look forward to sharing information about this course with others in my field.
Great material, good information for first responders.  Would recommend to anyone working with the public in any capacity during traumatic events.
I'm very very happy with the information I got in touch here. Congratulations for the iniciative and for the excellent job! Thank you all so much!
Excellent course, prepares you to know how to present the proper support and use the correct words to help someone who is in a difficult position
This has been a very beneficial course and as a Public Health Nursing student, I believe it will go a long way in impacting the world. Thank you.
Improved my knowledge through the application provided by this course! I enjoyed every bit of it. Thank you so much for the opportunity to learn.
It teaches you a lot, although the videos may be boring for some the content is really good and highly recommended for anyone studying psychology
Good course that gives valuable tools to anyone, who occasionally have to handle people in life-crisis. Not only related to major disaster events
I found this course to be very informative and easy to take. I found information to be readily available and clear. Speaker had a calm and clear
I wish it was a little more interactive but then again it is an online course. I really enjoyed it and I aim to recommend this course to others.
I was not prepared for the excellent quality of this course, I found it most surprising and learned a great deal. I would highly recommend this.
Very informative and easy to understand. It challenged me to assess the situation differently as I'm trained as a clinically licensed therapist.
Thank you Professor Everly. Your lecture gives a optimism to learn more and to achieve more. One of the best course to learn and well explained.
I really enjoyed this course! I like how practical it is, how it was laid out, and the efficiency of how the information was presented. Awesome!
An excellent way to learn new skills. Professor George Everly explains every subject in a clear way and easy to understand. Thank you very much!
Great teacher with concise explanations and easy to follow course.  Great learning tool that any person in a position of leadership should know!
The course was really interesting and useful for me. I feel much more confident in my own abilities. Thank you very much for this great course!
Thank you for this wonderful MOOC. Even though this might not be related to my college degree, I will definitely be needing this in my life :))
Absolutely loved this course! I learned so much over the last five weeks and I can't wait to implement what I have learned in my future career.
The course was very helpful and I learned a lot of skills related to providing psychological support services to survivors. Thank you very much
Useful for my career in emergency medicine. Practical skills with examples of how to use the interventions and RAPID model taught in the class.
It was really helpful and educative. i will be able to use knowledge gained to help people in my community who are in need or require such aid.
Its a great course. The simulations help a lot into internalizing the concepts. However, the theory could be presented in a more engaging way.
It was worth enough listening to the lecture. I see the guide very keen to instill positivity everywhere and I enjoyed the course all through!
The course was very helpful, done in a very professional yet smooth way, the Doctor is experienced and has a great way delivering information.
I feel much more prepared to cope with personal adversity and offer Psychological First Aid using the RAPID model to those who may require it.
This is a good advanced & evidence-based learning after studying the WHO model of PFA. Dr Everly is a wise and compassionate guru. Thank you.
Its a very well organized program with actual case vignettes. Learning was interesting with all content as well as the assignments and tests.
This course is very much helpful to me for enhancing my skill on communication with those people who are being affected by natural disasters.
I learned more than I thought I would. I found this course so helpful. I feel more prepare to help others and not forget about me. Thank you!
well elabrated and structured,rlevant and very important videos and other learning material a quizes that cant be done if you haven't studied
It was a very good course but I wish they told us who we need to contact and what protocols were supposed to follow to help the individuals.
An awesome course, it provides you with the relevant skills and knowledge to provide psychological first aid in the time of crisis/disaster.
Dr. George Everly is a very wonderful lecturer and I  enjoyed his teachings during the course of this engagement. He's a very wonderful man
Its a interesting courses..this course is help ful for me as a nursing student..I have gain lot of interesting things related to this feild
This course is really interesting and so I’ve decided to try it. I learned so much. Thank you! Would recommend this to my family & friends.
Extremely great course, very hands-on, practical, showing best-case and worst-case practice expamples. Great theoretical impact. Thank you!
It's not that excessive. Simple, understandable, brief, and clear. Listen carefully to the lecture, read your notes and review if possible.
This course was excellent in providing a clear message to perform PFA. I will highly recommend this course to my professors and colleagues.
really relevant in this Covid-19 times, high quality teacher, offering jaw dropping demos with mastery.Would do it again ! Highly recommend
Came to know what all steps must be taken to help survivors during a pandemic and self care plays a major role while dealing with survivors
thank you for offering a chance to get this course for free. it improved my skills a lot, and helped me to be more professional in my work
Thank you for offering a topic that many of us think we do not need because we imagine that in case of a disaster we can easily handle it.
Very nice course. Lots of inputs. Its an art. It requires practice and deliberate skill to master the art.Happy to have joined the course.
I've learnt so much from this course and it has made me more aware of things I didn't notice before I highly recommend taking this course!
I'd like to thank the author of this course for the methodology of the studying process. It was an amazing learning experience. Thank you!
Very informative and resourceful for those who wants to work for or help those who are dealing with life  stress or mental health issues .
I'm so happy I took this course! It has contributed immensely to the development of my career! Thank you so much Dr. George Everly Jr. PhD
My first course on Coursera. Not connected to professional activity. It just feels that it is useful to have such skills in today's world.
This course offers great insight for emergency responders, disaster workers, and those wishing to know how to help others during a crisis.
Informative, well structured and fun course! Doctor Everly was an amazing instructor as well, always to the point yet so easy to follow :)
I am a psychologist and i got to know that psychological first aid is not therapy and  i really got insight about psychological first aid.
I would like to thank Dr George Everly,Jr,PhD for being such a wonderful guide. Really loved the way it was presented. Thank you very much
This course is very insightful in PFA, the lessons and simulation videos are super helpful in giving you an idea of real life experiences!
I really enjoyed taking this class. I felt it helped add to my my knowledge and skill set given to me because of my degree in psychology.
Really nice and educational course. Anyone can understand. You don't need to have any sort of medical background to complete this course.
I LOVED this course. The lessons were perfectly digestible, applicable, and informative -- I would actually say life-changing. Thank you!
It's a fantastic course, better than others that I've tried on this platform. If you want to introduce this topic, it's your best chance!
Very beneficial. I am working towards getting my MSW and this was very interesting to me. I look forward to using this during my career.
I loved the classes. It is just amazing. It helped me a lot. And through me many people in the wake of disaster will also get benefited.
The arrangement of the course material is great. There are simulations following every lecture to enforce understanding of the concepts.
Brilliant. Everyone should do this. Although on my phone I couldn't watch each video and scroll through the transcript at the same time.
This course gave me so much information that I can practice as the need arises, especially living in a country where PFA is very needed.
This course has taught me a lot of materials and new perceptions on how helping other people works. Thank you Johns Hopkins University.
It was really helpful course. Vitalization has shown up how effectful your conversations can look like. Thank you for this opportunity.
As a team leader it's very important course for me. Thank you "Johns Hopkings University" and coursera for this wonderful opportunity.
this is the most useful, interesting course I've taken so far. I like how it doesn't blab and gives only the needed thing - knowledge.
It was easy to understand the contents and not too heavy. I could find time because each module was not too long but still meaningful.
I loved it. I really learned things and this is going to help me in my career. The teacher explained everything incredibly. Thank you!
Really glad this course exists, it has helped me comprehend and understand another perspective. Really enjoyed learning with you guys.
Informative and helpful. Though it is primarily for disaster survivors, there is good information in here for any crisis intervention.
Course was very captivating and engaging. I am now totally a different person with a brand new set of hot  and high on-demand skills!
It is an interesting course, the observation that I can make is that the support videos in the quizzes are not the corresponding ones
Truly helpful and informative for both mental health practitioners and  those who have shallow background in the mental health field.
Exceptional. Very informative and make one understand different kinds of trauma one goes through.  Everyone's experience is different
this course gave me new insights into what PFA is like and i am looking forward to applying whatever i have learnt here in my career
I learned a lot from this course. The presentation and the materials were very useful. Thanks to all the team who put this together.
It was very good experience to be part of this, I would love to translate and adapt RAPID for  Urdu speaking population in Pakistan.
Very informative course, I learned so much throughout the duration of this course. Highly recommend doing it if you are considering.
This is an excellent course! It was very informative and I am sure that it will be invaluable in my personal life and future career.
Excellent course, Very straightforward and no trick questions or anything of the sort! This will open up many opportunities for you!
It is an excellent course, despite I thought it will talk about some kind of anxiety, but I really get a very very helpful material.
This course is very beneficial! I learn so much things from this course. And the techniques to deliver the course is so acceptable.
The course is clear and detailed, I gained new insight on this topic. Thanks to Doc Everly for sharing his knowledge on this topic.
Informative and clear.  Effective in meeting its teaching goals. I feel more prepared to respond to a crisis using the RAPID model.
This is an excellent course. The content is very relevant and the way it is delivered is very effective. I definitely recommend it.
This is an excellent course - I took it two years ago, and retook it as a refresher and found it really valuable on both occasions.
It was very informative and very helpful. I am now more confident to be of help to individuals in need of psychological first aid.
Very inspirational and very informative. There should have been more examples for simulation. Overall it was an informative class.
This course if very helpful, expand more for my knowledge & give me more motivate to help others :) thank you..thank you very much
Psychological First Aid is a must mainly if you are in an education sector and/or have interaction with people on a regular basis.
The best course I have taken on the subject, exceeds those that were conducted in person with the exception of practical exercise.
Exceptional, useful information. Inspiring context, and easy to understand, incremental approach to learning. Highly recommend it!
Thank you so much for the opportunity. Although my major has no relation on psychological, i get so many things from this course.
A very good course . I recommend it to anyone who is interested in social care . The instructor is one of the best to be honest .
Really great course and I learned a lot. I think that the skills taught in this course can be used in a wide variety of settings.
The contents are clear and very well structured, the sessions are short and with good iage and sound. This is a very good course.
It is great to have this course, it helps us to understand why do we need to have strong sense and knowledge about mental health.
George is an incredible profesor! Each video is very interesting and he explains everything in a very calm and professional way.
I was really good! The course helped me to understand a lot of essential things. Thanks to Johns Hopkins and George for this. <3
One of the best courses I have ever taken in my life! Truly wonderful and fruitful! Very engaging lectures and simulations!! :))
good course!! this course have many information that i want to know for handle people that need a helps. Thank you Mr. George :)
really enjoy for learning while we think that we can be useful someday with somebody in out there, hopefully. thank you so much.
An excellent course. Well organized and executed. A great course. I learned a lot and looking and I am forward to more training.
Great course.  Great information and tools to assist me when working directly with my Residents as well as personal experiences.
Very Good learning for those who has no mental health background yet want to start to learn about psychological help for others.
Excellent instructor, excellent materials, excellent pace, excellent information!(I am an EMT and have a PhD in neuropsychology)
Thank you! Very insightful in the simplest manner! I feel like I've matured through this course! Salamat po, Dr. George Everly!
I believe I benefited, both personally & professionally from this course. I hope as many people get the chance to enroll in it.
A very informative course for a beginner who wants to learn about psychological first aid without any public health background!
Very basic but that's usefull under stressing situations where you can't remember everything. Basic but great at the same time.
This does a great job of covering the basics of being a psychological first responder.  It's easy to follow and well organized.
Great course, offering knowledge that can be indeed applied on daily life as well as work-related settings. Highly recommended.
great Info! great techaer! great excercises!, great simulations! do not hesitate in taking this one! very happy with the result
I love the course content and I like to do the course like this and Its very helpful to know about the psychological first aid
You can learn the basics of PFA, I think this is essential for every proffesional even if its part or not of the health system
I personally found it so helpful to boost positive energy inside and believe that everywhere there are someone to help people.
I liked the simulation videos the best. Gina did so well. Prof. Everly is a great teacher. I feel sort of sad the course ended
I'm not related to this field. But I found this course very helpful for me to understand what to do to help someone in crisis.
This course helped me a lot in understanding PFA. The instructor is very insightful, and lectures are never boring. Thank you!
there is many new things to study in this course such as how to prevent people hearts.this can use in real life to help people
Superb course. Sympathetically paced with clear explanations and demonstrations (of good and not so good ways of approaching).
The simulations were the most helpful, and there isn't a lot of random busy work, it is all relevant and simple to understand.
Amazing course and very helpful. Goes along with my suicide prevention and QPR. This will just be one more tool in my toolbox.
Exactly what is needed. This is useful even to teach people to listen and be empathetic during day to day life.  Great course!
This Class has taught me how to see anf be able to help whenever they is a need for help in my area. Thanks so much for this.
Very helpfull contain't. This course thought me life is ups and downs just we enjoy don't panic. This is so social experiment
This course provides a nice overview of the Psychological First Aid model and its general application to different scenarios.
I really enjoyed this course. The professor seemed really caring and explained the material well. He also gave good examples.
A great and interesting course which really gives a well-founded basis  for a first responder coping psychological distresses
Engaging and explicit content; with appropriate assignment difficulty. The content is concise but proper, easy to understand.
Great course. Thank You for knowledjes that i got during these lessons, it was really interesting and helpful. Thanks again!)
Great for anyone interested in helping others.   Everything is explained in attainable methods.  I quite enjoyed this course.
Extremely innovative and helpful course, especially nowadays that we are struggling with so many difficulties like covid-19.
It waz nice to get knowledge about something new. But why are they not providing certificate after the completion of course?
excellent presentation and as George says it is a start, I hopefully will get the chance to put it into action sometime soon
i have learned a lot and will apply it. It is very timely to take this course  due to the impact of the  Ncovid-19 pandemic.
A really interesting course, I've learned a new method to help people in distress and I'm sure I'll use it in many occasions
Thank you Dr. George S. Everly. I've learned a lot from this course. Hoping for more discussion with you. Again, thank you.
the content of this course are very practical and really useful. i hope i will be able to help people using this knowledge.
The course was well structured with its approach being practical. The lecturer had the know how in breadth about the topic.
This was a very engaging course and it helps viewers understand PFA in situations that are applicable in multiple settings.
This was a really good class to take during a time in the world where so many are feeling the stress of the COVID 19 virus.
I enjoyed this course - it has Really great information for how to effectively assess and help people in need. Recommended.
Clear, concise, and valuable insight into assessing, prioritizing, and intervening in the event on a psychological crisis.
This course was simple, easy to follow, and very educational. I enjoyed this course and recommend it to anyone interested.
I learned a lot on this course and it is very insightful especially now during the pandemic.  Thank you so much Dr George.
The course is very informative and useful. Audio and slide combination is a little distracting but overall great material.
This course helped me refresh and further prepare to help those in need as a crisis counselor during this global pandemic.
excellent discussion, they give a full details that we need to know in what is the real meaning of psychological first aid
Great refresher course or intro course, loved to flow and structure of the course as well as Dr's calm but directive voice
It was great, the course went step by step, and provided some great insight on what PFA is and how it should be practiced.
EXCELLENT! I´ve enjoyed it and learned a lot.  I also want to know more and probably do other courses. Thank you very much
Fantastic course! Simple and clear, yet challenging with far-reaching applications and implications. Well worth the time.
i'm very happy to attend this course i think he open my mind to see the live by other think
so thank you very much mister
Was a great course which really prepared me to be able to provide competent PFA. Not exhaustive, but it isn't mean to be.
Provides a general overview and some basic techniques to help the people around you who may be experiencing acute stress.
Very easy to follow and interactive through the quizzes and discussion forums. A course most everbody could benefit from.
The course allows flexibility with its recordings and transcriptions, not to mention the extensive expertise Dr. Everly.
Wonderful! I gained a lot of new knowledge, and the assessments at the end of the weeks were very beneficial! Thank you!
Great course! Learned a lot of helpful techniques if I’m ever in these types of situations. Material was easy to follow!
If possible, please try to organize a webex meeting or Skype meeting with the learners to get to interact with expertise
That was a best educational expirience in my life. Short and very valuable information. Thank you very much from Russia!
Very thorough while not burdening students with terms that are too medical that an average person might not understand.
It was worth the time!!! I learnt a lot!!! Thank you so much ,I think this course will boost my career as a para medic.
It is necessary training for the whole world, so I wish the language options to be improved more. Thanks from Turkey :)
Great course, attended every expectation and will help me throughout my professional life while leading with disasters.
I loved this course. it was very interesting and taught me a great deal. I also liked the way the course was presented.
I learned quite a lot and I'm confident that I can provide psychological first aid in the wake of disasters or trauma.
Very theoretical and practical. Very helpful scenarios and walkthroughs to understand appropriate ways to help people.
Excellent presenter. Videos were very informative and by far my favorite course I have done so far. Highly recommended
The language used in the tests and surveys can be a little challenging for people whose first language is not English.
Good. Gave a general idea on Psychological First Aid. Would recommend it to anyone looking to help people in distress.
Very helpful and applicable to our lives. Thanks Prof. George! It was a great and very informative course discussion.
This course is very practical. It helped me and my partner. I believe that I will benefit it in the future even more.
Thank you very much for this training course! This course is very important and the knowledge it gives is invaluable.
So glad I did this course. It makes me realize there are strategies needed to communicate effectively with a client.
This was a brilliant course, It opened my eyes in so many ways in my work and my personal life in general. Thank you
it is an excellent course for beginners. it sensetises the learner about the topic and gives you good idea about PFA
Very informative. Very helpful. Highly recommendable especially to those people who needs all interventional aspects
This course was extremely informative and easy to follow. I would like to see more classes taught by this professor.
This was a very timely course and I am inspired to go out into the field and apply the RAPID model when appropriate.
Well designed, succinct, and informative, with a good use of examples and videos to showcase the different lessons.
It was indeed an Eye - Opener course for me. It should be recommended for everyone irrespective of your Discipline.
The opportunity to learn this course gives me the knowledge and skills that I will take this knowledge to the best.
Met my expectation. Thank you give a chance to achieve a certificate course with full discount in COVID -19 season.
I love this course because they teached me how to approach my patient with psychologic trauma. And I will apply it.
That was really great and helpful course. Thank you Dr. Everly and John Hopkin's University. Greetings from Turkey.
Excellent course. Well laid out and all information was pertinent to the topic. I enjoyed this learning experience.
Excellent teacher, excellent content and excellent presentation. Totally worth it and highly beneficial. Thank you.
For a "crash course" on Psychological First Aid, this one from this prestigious institution deserves no substitute.
Brilliant Course to enhance the Psychological understanding and giving a great helping hand those who need the most
Hope Mr. George Everly will always be healthy and keep inspiring others. I'm grateful I have finished this course.
I believe this is a great course for anyone, but also a great refresher for people already working in Social Work.
Very well explained and I´m so glad that the teacher had that experience. I loved it, THANK YOUU, I learned a lot!
Very well organized, explanations are clear and complete. Videos are active and motivating. I enjoyed studying it.
This course has really helped me to learn more about being a good listener and validating other people's feelings.
The videos were extremely helpful in demonstrating both the correct and incorrect ways of approaching the subject.
An excellent and really informative course on Psychological First Aid that I would highly recommend to everyone!!!
I learned a lot of good information that will help me to assist those that I am working with in my field of work .
I think , it is Johns Hopkins University's one of the best course, I think everyone should enroll in this course.
The demonstrations were particularly helpful in better understanding the techniques or tips taught in this course
Really useful. Even this course was specifically designed for some people, I can utilize and apply in daily life.
It is a good course. As a therapist, I appreciate that this is another skill set which would be helpful to learn.
Really, its a good course,  its mode of providing education is  so effective and powerful. i am really impressed.
Truly thought-provoking. I admire the speaker and his style. It really introduced me to another world. Thank you.
I learned valuable information and will utilize moving forward in my personal and professional worlds. Thank you!
An Easy to understand, systematic, pragmatic and enjoyable course.I also recommended it for personal development.
This is the first course in Coursera that I have finished. And wow, I cannot wait to apply it to the real world!
Very manageable for individuals without any background on psychological. It is extremely useful skill to pursue!
Very clear and make me understand and more confident about how to help/care for people under distress condition.
I felt like I learned a lot considering this course was online. It was a great refresher to my liaison training.
Very insightful and this course will be really helpful to help not just yourself but others in time of distress.
Everyone should take this course, not just for others but also for yourself especially at this time of pandemic.
Very informative and well-structured course. Extremely important for everyone in the current COVID-19 situation.
A well formulated course. The experiential learning videos really helped in integrating the theory and practice.
Extremely educative and taught by a professional. I definitely recommend it for anyone interested in this field.
Succinct, clear presentation of RAPID. A great resource for engaging with students professionally as an advisor.
Amazing delivery and smoothness in between lecture....I would love to take more lectures with hte same lecturer.
Excellent Course! Especially for those who work in health care or as first responders in crisis and emergencies.
Very detailed and informative. Requires you to really understand the concepts. Not just a "touch and go" course.
Great!, very precise the lectures and course work was spot on would highly recommend this PFA course to anyone.
Nice content! Especially about The Johns Hopkins R-A-P-I-D PFA Models (Five Core Elements) and also the example
Really helpful for my personal growth and an excellant opportunity to be taught by a great teacher of our time.
Everyone who can, should take this class. The world would function better if more people knew this information.
Great course. Thought provoking. Helpful when counseling people who are hurting in time of disaster or trouble.
This course is really valuable. I will surely make use of what I have learned in this course in my profession.
It is very informative while not being too technical so that the general audience can understand the concepts.
Very informative. Great Delivery. Simulations really helped reinforce the concepts. Definitely worth learning.
Professor was really good and clear. I liked the simulations at the end of every topic, it was really helpful!
Brilliant course. Everyone must do the course in order to understand others better before trying to help them.
First course during quarantine that I was bummed to complete, it was that good.  Engaging teacher and content.
Fulfilling. This course is very helpful. I even got teary eyed towards the end of the course. Thanks for this!
An excellent teaching resource providing knowledge and skills to support people in emotional trauma. Thank you
Great insight in how to listen, talk to and help people who have just experienced the worst day of their life.
Amazing experience with a lot of demonstrations on the topics and spectacular lectures. I highly recommend it!
One of the best courses I have taken online. Exceptional teaching, easy to follow and great simulation videos
It was great to learn PFA. i hope it will be helpful in future. It was a great learning experience.Thank you.
Very educational, and can be very helpful in every workplace, specifically places involving stress and danger
It's a highly beneficial course. The simulations always emphasized the learning part. It's highly recommended
it is very helpful course. The stimulation and way of presentation helps in better understanding . Thank You.
One must have to do this course to understand what to do when a person feel low. Course material is excellent
This course was engaging, informative and compact. The information provided is practical and straightforward.
Excellent beginner's handbook for psychological first aid. RAPID + self-care = make the world better together
Very good course! The course is very acceptable for every beginner!  I have done in one day! Thanks so much!
In this course psychological first i learn many things. So interesting course 😊. Thank you for the teaching
The lectures are engaging and interactive. This course is very helpful to gain competence in helping others.
Very helpful course to take.  The course explains PFA in a practical way.  Easy to learn.  Highly recommend.
It was an excellent class which I found particularly enlightening, exciting and calming. thank you very much
Fantastic, clear course. Material was spot on, easy to understand and very helpful for my future. Thank you!
Very worthwhile course and useful for today's world. Thank you so much for offering this to ordinary people.
This was my first online class. I really enjoyed this class and how everything was really straight forward.
One of the best class I have attended. I like simulation parts and the notes are very clear. Thanks so much
It was really very helpful and it will surely help me in understanding the psychology of people. Thank you.
it was a clarification and a valid guide to define the different types of intervention in crisis situations
GREAT CLASS.. WELL EXPLAINED,ANY ONE CAN UNDERSTAND SO SIMPLE..WOULD LIKE TO ATTEND MORE  OF THESE COURSES
I learned a lot, i'm glad to chose these cours. The teacher is great, the simulations and the content too!
This course was so interesting and exactly as what I expected. Thank you for making this course available.
Thank you. Due to COVID-19, all the classes at NAMI have been cancelled. So glad I came across this class.
It is easy to understand and explorative. I’m glad I picked this course and I don’t mind learning further.
This is an excellent course on PFA. Dr. Everly explains the RAPID model very well. Glad I took the course.
The course has helped me immensely in designing a responsive psychological application... thanks Coursera.
Its a very interesting course, you can learn a lot from Dr. George  based on PFA and RAPID and Self Care.
If you have previous training, this is a nice refresher. Otherwise it's an excellent introductory course.
i found the session very informative , it was designed in the best way to make things easy to understand.
This course very helpful, it's open my mind. Good for the individual learner and the social care workers.
A great course in the times of coronavirus especially. It helped me a lot to be a better first aid person
A great course giving insight into first responders' dialogue with trauma victims. It was very enjoyable.
A great course, where you can learn a great method for  experiences that maybe we don't know what to do.
Very engaging video simulations...Transcribed audio is very helpful...Dr. Everly is indeed the PFA Guru!
This course not only teach us how to take care of others but also teach us how to take care of ourselves
Thank you, Dr. Everly, Johns Hopkins University, and Coursera for creating this course. I learned a lot.
A Very Good Course for those who wish to develop a new skill that can be applied to help others in need.
This compliments the Red Cross Certification of PFA which I have. Thank you for the valuable insights :)
A wonderful course with clear explanations and case by case simulations to help 
reinforce the lectures.
It was a privilege to attend a class like this. Helpful, provide an easy way to remember and understand.
Dr. Everly is very warm and personable. It made the learning experience very easy and less intimidating.
So Enlightening and educational. I feel a sense of confidence and optimism after completing the course.
Avery interesting course. I particularly enjoyed relating to the role play examples that were portrayed
A first hand information about how to deal with sudden disasters and distress inducing everyday events.
What was taught here are not only for use in acute trauma, but life skills that are useful for all time
This is a great course and will be useful during these times of Covid 19 and my life coaching practice.
An excellent course. George conducts it very well.Thank you very much George for your excellent effort.
Fantastic Course!! I learned so much, and it has made a huge impact on my approach with helping others,
It helped me a lot to know how I should intervene correctly in extraordinary cases.I am very satisfied.
Thanks so much for this great experience. Very interesting lessons, I couldn't wait to get to the end!
I loved this course and I hope that I can use what I learned in the future to help whoever needs help.
Thank you for the opportunity to learn this content. I learned a great deal and enjoyed the format. <3
It was great course which provides with important knowledge that every individuals should learn about.
This was great. I was able to deescalate a potentially violent situation with the information learned.
The course is  very organized and structured. Taught  clearly and simply.  PFA, is an effective model.
One of the most clear, interactive and understandable as well as relative course I have ever studied !
This course was very informative,entertaining and just overall educational. I love every minute of it.
Thank you for the great course and George is an excellent professor. Thanks for walking me through it.
Excellent course! Delved into the realm of crisis intervention in a comprehensive and logical fashion.
Amazing course, and something you can use in everyday life or professional setting. Highly recommend.
Very well put together. Engaging throughout and instills confidence in those who like helping others.
This class is important to all hospital staff that directly deal with victims of any kind of tragedy.
Excellent course.  I thoroughly enjoyed this course and the professor presented the information well.
I feel ready to put in the field! Very informative and educational course. And Lecturer is very good!
The concepts are easily understood and the knowledge obtain are very useful in real life application,
I will learn more about how to cummunicate to people. Also, I gain more knowledge to use in my field.
Very enjoyable and engaging. Just what I was looking for. I loved the simulations they really helped.
Great course that taught much needed information in a timely and understandable manner for laypeople!
Very insightful. Great course to take especially for newbies in the field of Psychological First Aid.
Amazing! Was very well organised and taught. Truly enjoyed learning the core concepts of the course.
Having taken this course makes me more confident in truly being present to someone undergoing crisis
Excellent framework and easy to digest steps to learn the skills. Would highly recommend the program
a great and Insightful course on how to calm and assist those who have experienced traumatic events!
It was nice addition of knowledge they offer some simulation which help me grasp of the idea better.
Truly an insightful course integral to necessitating support amidst unprecedented times of distress.
Very informative and fun to learn.The length is very appropriate for a beginner course in the field.
Absolutely fantastic. Loved the relaxed atmosphere and the ability to work ahead. Thank you so much.
thanks for making this course, this is need of hour and i think many people will be benefited by PFA
Very good foundation and easy to follow  for people with no medical/clinical/healthcare background.
Excellent start up course! very well put up and so much of clarity gained at the end of the course.
Very interesting, goes straight to the point and gives all the information in a clear, compact way.
Clear, concise information presented in an organized and pleasing format. I enjoyed the simulation!
This course was very informative, accurately focused on entry level users, and useful in my future.
Impressive. Very well explained, many different examples and very easy to follow. Recommended 100%!
Very good video simulations there are. They are very helpful to understand how to approach victims.
amazing, it was astonishing to see such a soft skills brought to life through eLearning. Great job.
It was a really nice introductory course and I feel a bit better and more prepared after taking it
This course is exactly what I wanted it to be:  engaging, informative and powerfully demonstrated.
The content is really useful and insightful, the presentation is also comprehensive and excellent.
i love this course. i gain new skills such as empathy and understanding others through this course
Really enjoyed Professor Everly's class. It was insightful and a  great skill set for all to have.
Thoroughly informative course! Thank you Dr. Everly for providing a comprehensive approach to PFA.
Highly recommed. It provides insight, skills and perspective into PFA with terrifc video examples.
The speaker, presentation, materials in this course are excellent making it easy and fun to learn.
Very positive about the learning outcomes of this course and its ability to make my work be easier
PERFECT COURSE EVEN FOR BEGINNERS LIKE ME! I LEARNED A LOT FROM THE EXCELLENT PROFESSOR/LECTURER.
My review of psychology psychological first aid was wonderful and I hope to learn more next time.
Very straightforward and easy to follow with informative examples that apply what you've learned.
An excellent teacher who goes slow and explains all the concepts and topics very well and clearly
Although COVID... Came in to stress us out... I appreciate these programs to keep my mind active.
Great experience, clear and organized information, exemplify with real life events. Very useful!!
The course was superb. I have learnt a lot. Hope I can take benefits from the learning in future.
This course was so informative and the simulations helped immensely. The instructor really cares!
Good course !!! help keeping your head straight while helping other to the best of your capacity.
Wonderful course! The material discussed is applicable in all kinds of scenarios not just crisis!
I had a great experience learning through this course which was well fabricated and informative.
This was an excellent introductory course that covered a lot of information in a concise manner.
This is an amazing tool to have, it can help you and give you the tools you need to help others.
This is   an excellent course  to  understand  and learn PFA.  Great instructor, great content.!
Excellent Course!!!  Thank you very much Professor George for sharing such valuable information.
The course is well structured and meaningful. Thank you for creating such an informative course.
great course, would recommend to anyone, could be very helpful with general communication skills
Very fulfilling to have this kind of training. Thank you Coursera and John's Hopkins University!
Excellent course, I feel that so many people would benefit by taking this course, I know I have.
I think this is one of the best course I have ever taken on PFA. Thanks, John Hopkins University
Now I need to know more about PFA. This time I have an interesting start in PFA. I will continue
This course manages clear concepts, the examples allow you a better comprehension of the topic.
Thank you for providing a very informative course. the teacher is great and very knowledgeable.
This course is really helpful to everyone. Instructor explaned in very easy and simplest method
I really really loved this course, It was so complete and definitely help me understand better.
Great to get a general overview of RAPID. Hopefully there's an intermediate course. Enjoyed it!
The skills learned in this class can be useful in everyday life as well as disaster situations.
Absolutely amazing and helpful! I could not find my certificate, but I will be waiting for it!
In depth lectures which are challenging but simple enough to follow, understand, and remember.
the lectures were nicethe simulation videos were engaging and funny they booth acted very well
I enjoyed the material that was offered, Dr. George made the whole experience very productive.
very helpful and easy to recall the program. this is really timely during these troubled times
Great class.  Someo f the test questions, were kind of obscure.  Other than that it was great.
Great course! I have extensive crisis intervention experience and still learned something new.
This course was short and sweet, simple to understand  and the professor was great. Thank you.
Eye-opening knowledge...... I am almost spellbound to describe how useful the course is for me
It would be nice if there was more than one case study but overall a quick, interesting course
very nicely presented all concepts along with the stimulation videos for better understanding.
Very well-thought-through course with steps that I can and will apply in practical situations.
Nice work in a few lesson gives a comprehensive view of psychological first aid. I recomended!
sometimes the voice tune is too low so that i cannot grab it unless i switch on the subtitles.
It is a very educational, interesting, well-put together, and resourceful course!! Recommend!
Outstanding offering, especially in the current social, political, and environmental climate.
Thank you. For the course.  I feel that it is. Complimentary to the first aid. C.p.r.  class.
I loved the course so much. George's explanations and lectures were just great. Thanks a lot.
It was an amazing course and super helpful in the career of my choice. I highly recommend it!
It was a really knowledgeable course and got to know more about how to act in times of panic.
Great class and something valuable to all people. Very interesting and I highly recommend it.
Clear and easy to understand materials. Helpful clips of correct and incorrect intervention.
FantasticVery complete and with excelent information and examples of what to do and what not
Very useful course and easy to understand. The instructor made the course really understood.
Extremely helpful with consolidation of knowledge and to help refine my communication skills
This course is amazing and very engrossing. I wish all the best to those taking this course.
I highly recommend this course to my friends and colleagues - thought-provoking and helpful!
Short, sharp and very interesting modules.  The first time I got around to finishing a MOOC!
The contents are very specific to the mentioned topics...helps to gain an  in-depth insight.
this course is very beneficial for emergency situation. Also, lecture was perfect. Thank you
Concise, clear and to the point. Easy to understand and superb simulation videos.Thank you !
This is a fabulous introduction to the field of psychological triage; I highly recommend it.
This is course is useful especially applying the theoretical part on a real case (role-play)
Provides tools and complete guidelines in how to assist somebody in distress using listening
VERY INFORMATIVE AND VERY REALISTIC EXAMPLES. I PERCIEVE THIS AS GREAT COURSE FOR EVERYONE.
Wonderful course.  Highly recommend for anyone - whether in the Public Health field or not.
Very inspiring, engaging and useful course!! Many thanks and all the best  to the lecturer.
It was a great chance to enroll in this course. Thankyou so much for providing such course.
A basic but very effective course. If you envisage yourself helping others, this is a must.
My high expectations were met, thank you to all the persons that made this course possible.
This course helped me how to behave with people who needs more help. Thanks for everything.
So insightful with all the scientific support that can be presented.  LOVED IT - thank you!
Informative, effective and useful. Gives a practical information. Recommended for everyone.
I really enjoyed this course. It's a great basic start to psychological first aid response.
I learned a lot about PFA, the videos and lectures are very interesting and easy to follow
Great course, easy learning tools and the pace was completely controlled by me.  Thank you
Thank you for giving me additional learning in helping people during this COVID 19 crisis.
This course was very enlightening, thank you courser for providing this learning platform.
Very informative and applicable to not only professional settings, but also everyday life.
The course content is very valuable not only for crisis situations but every day life too.
Material is presented in a clear and concise manner. Course is informative and applicable.
I really loved and enjoy this class it was very interesting and everything well explained.
I found this course very helpful and it will help me not only in my job but also in life.
As a psychologist and as a first aid responder I found this course to be extremely useful
Excellent course! Very useful and interesting material. Enjoyed the Professor and course.
Fantastic professor. I learned a lot and feel as though I can use these skills every day.
Fantastic courses with good stimulation video and a compassionate delivery. Thank you! :)
Great course and very useful even to a health professional already involved in this work.
i enjoyed the course. it offered new ideas and support for the people i choose to serve.
Thank you so much. I learned many interesting things and I will use it in my future job.
Best invested time in my life. Thanks and greetings from Bogotá, Colombia (SouthAmerica)
I did enjoyed this course. it was very interesting i learned a little more about myself.
Dr. George Everly is very clear and compassionate in teaching every courses. Huge thanks
this course is the first course i have completed on coursera and I am glad I chose this.
It was especially interesting for me to learn about reflective listening in this course.
The course was very very helpful I’ve learned many things and techniques that i ignored.
This was a very useful and interesting course. I would like George to be my therapist :)
The course helped me to update and upgrade my skills of dealing with crisis situations!
I've learnt so much that is useful to me as a person and as a member of an organization
Loved doing the course and really look forward to put my knowledge into practicality!!!
I really enjoyed this course, I wish I had a professor like Dr. George Everly. Hat off!
I got exactly what I was looking for. This course is worth every second invested on it.
Learned relevant insights from this course that will help me on my personal development
This course was amazing! Thank you very much to Dr. George Everly as I learned so much.
It was an amazing course. Dr George is so calm, uses simple words, explains everything.
I really feel more confident in helping people that have been through difficult events.
This course is well designed for visual and auditory learners.  Excellent content, too.
I enjoyed learning this course. The course materials and videos are easy to understand.
I love this course already because it is not difficult to understand and is very useful
great opportunity to learn new things to communicate with people and give them support
i enjoyed doing this course. instructions were clear, method of teaching was excellent
Very informative and useful in understanding people who have under gone this calamity.
Awesome course that provided excellent awareness of providing Psychological First Aid.
Very informative and a good review on approaches to providing psychological first aid.
This course gives you the base information in this field. It”s easy, specific, helpful
A great course that everyone can benefit from in their personal and professional life.
This course can be carried through out my everyday lifestyle. Improve my mental health
Excellent course. Indeed one of the most interesting topics I've ever studied. Thanks!
Very good lectures and videos! Recommended for all those interested in helping people.
It is a very good and useful course, as it enables us to help in emergency situations
this course worked as a magic to me, personal and professional upgrade is guaranteed.
If you want to help people, you have to do this course. It's really helpful. Thanks!!
It is an amazing course with rich content. Love the stimulations and practical videos
This is a good course. It helped me a lot in my studies as I am a psychology student.
Easy to understand the concepts.Useful.For neophyte like me in this matter is greatly
Loved it! Just that I would like it to have more diverse and complex examples. Thanks
I have learned of how to manage or to assist the person who've been from distraction.
The professor was outstanding, well spoken and performed an excellent job! Thank you!
Great course, easy to get and to understand, as well as to apply, highly recommended!
This a very informative course, I would recommend it to my family members and peers.
I found the information to be presented in a clear manner and at a comfortable pace.
Very informative and its going to help me on my work with the disadvantaged children
Definitely a very useful course! Highly recommend. I learned a lot from this course.
I love the simulation section at the end of each module. It has been really helpful.
Very nice course. The material was presented clearly and and effectively. Thank you.
I enjoyed the course and ordered your book to keep in my Personal resources library.
Excellent course! Learned so many things even for every day psychological first aid!
AMAZING COURSE, VERY COMPLETE AND PRACTICAL.THE EXAMPLE VIDEOS MAKE A GREAT MATERIAL
I'm enjoying & loving this course.It increasing my psychological and working skills.
Concise information and well organised lectures with blend of theory and case study.
This is an amazing class to for people looking to help. I'm so glad I have taken it.
Learning so much so quickly. The professor is very straightforward and professional.
An excellent course. Professionally structured, perfect pace and expertly delivered.
This course helped me in my interview as Secretary for Behavioral Health. Thank You!
Interesting, .very useful and amazing situations and learning material presentation
My First course in many years.  This was very engaging, can't wait for next course.
I think every person in a community should take this course to help others in need.
Comprehensive yet easy to comprehend. Provide a very useful and practical framework
Effective, informative, good simulations, interesting tests, I am feeling empowered
Love this course! I learned a lot & I am looking forward to taking similar courses.
Excellent course for anyone providing Psychological First Aid in their communities.
Thank you so much Dr George for all the knowledge sharing. Truly appreciate it. TQ
It's a wonderful course that gives you a lot of insight about crisis intervention.
This course will change your view on psychological first aid with its RAPID model.
This course is an add on to my education. It is really helpful. Thank you so much.
Excellent course on Psychological First Aid, by a worldly acknowledged specialist.
This course is extremely informative and a must for anyone looking to help others.
Great course and excellent teacher! Comprehensive, useful and interesting classes!
helpful. especially to get ideas about psycho therapy beside administering drugs(:
Learned a lot from this class. The lectures were insightful and very interesting.
Informative course. Every module comes with an example of good and poor practice.
Dr. George is a wonderful professor. I learnt so much from the course. Thank You.
Excellent! I've learned a lot about PFA, a new topic for me! Thank you very much!
It really help me knowing deeper in dealing with people in the wake of a disaster
lot's of fun. I learned a lot and am now more able to deal with distressed people
It was an excellent course, very informative and I learned new tools and skills.
As always Johns Hopkins Univesity has the best courses and materials. I love it.
This was a good refresher course for me, I have participated in diaster  work be
It helps your learn how to be there for others and yourself in the time of need.
Really enjoyed the course content - it was easy to follow and struck the right b
This course worked very well for my learning style! Thanks for the extra effort.
Very comprehensive aided by well explained and enacted videos and illustrations.
I highly recommend it.  Its a good course and focus in all the important points.
Loved it! thank you so much, Dr. Everly, for sharing this knowledge with others.
It is very useful and helpful in making a positive difference in people's lives.
Very engaging course that should be weighted the same way as physical first aid.
I loved it and have learned a lot to help people and how to take care of myself.
Very informative information that can be used in many instances throughout life.
This course has been really helpful to achieve my initial goal of attending it.
Very efficient and provide  good information regarding in psychological sector.
Inspiring. Believing that you can make a positive difference on someone's life.
I really appreciate the learning through the excellent material in this course.
It is one of the best courses I've ever taken at Coursera!!! Thank you so much!
Great introduction course to PFA. Very straight forward and easy to understand.
It was very helpfull. Lots of good nformation. Good explainations and examples.
Very well presented. Certainly a must take course for all health professionals.
Thank you very much, very informative, course presented in an excellent fashion
Great course that will be quite helpul to me, being in M.A Clinical Psychology.
Awesome experience on Psychological First Aid, very inspiring and mind driven.
It as very helpful and i learn a lot of how to respond in emergency situations
It was presented very well with lots of examples to enhance learning concepts.
systematic, well-planned course with video simulation to support understanding
Learned a lot from this course. The lecturer is extremely good. Thank you sir.
Thank you. I came here to learn and you sir gave me more than I ever expected.
Excellent course by John Hopkins. I hope this learning will help me in future.
This course was built up very good, great teaching and learning possibilities.
a great short course covering everything you need to know for Psych First Aid!
Thank you Dr. Everly, and all of you at Johns Hopkins School of Public Health.
this course is very helpful! the teacher is very good! thank you for teaching!
Very interesting and useful course given the current crisis. Well worth doing.
Nice. Really informative to know many things. Highly recommended for students.
Great course! Easy to follow and you walk away with a great tool for your kit.
A great introductory course to an even greater Psychological First Aid model!
I learned so many new things as I'm a beginner. Thank you for a great course!
The course has a good structure, is very interesting and everything is clear!
Improved listening in a reflective approach rather than trying to fix things.
Short course to learn what is needed for crisis management. Very interesting.
Well developed course that is easy to understand and is very useful globally.
A great course to understand how PFA works ! Tq ! learned and ready to help !
The material and the presentation was great ... the material kept me engaged.
Straight forward course with empowering material. Thanks Dr. Everly and team!
It was very informative! And I will apply what I learned in my field of work.
Excellent course.Very good at explaining and making it available to everyone.
Absolutely wonderful course that felt really comprehensive and entertaining.
Dr. Everly is  a great teacher! Lectures the perfect amount and is engaging.
It was an enriching experience, and the role play examples were very helpful
Excelent, I learned a lot and I feel capable to develop all of my knowledge.
The instructor was absolutely the best teacher one can ever get by all means
Love the course, love the content, very engaging lecturer. Highly recommend.
Brilliant course! Highly informative. I feel ready to practice if necessary.
It is a basic course grounding me to further study in subject of Psychology.
Informative and love the way the course was taught in depth by the professor
Excellent ! I would love to take courses of this topic . ten thumbs up !!!!!
Is there going to be a more advanced course?Can I still buy the certificate?
I'm sure the subject that you teaching would be applied in my field. Thanks.
Great introductory course! Very nicely spoken and explained, good structure.
excellent, very easy to understand and great links from theory to practice.
Very informative and makes the student think about what is being presented.
This course flipped my expectation of the course completely, in a good way.
This is a really good course and I really enjoyed learning. Thank you, Sir.
Thoroughly liked this class..simulations made it all the more interesting!!
Comprehensive and clearly explained course. Very relatable and interesting.
My first course in coursera this course is learning to gain more knowledge.
Super interesting and informative. I can't wait to put these skills to use!
Love this course! This course has been really helpful...Thank you so much!!
Awesome and fun! Very educational and easy way to earn something valuable.
This is an excellent introduction to the field of Psychological First Aid.
This is an essential course and the way it is done is really good and warm
Very well executed. Valuable information. Key points were repeated and mem
It is a very interesting journey to make a difference in this crisis time.
Excellent course. Very useful and practical with wonderful demonstrations.
This course is just what I need! Totally love the simulation and material!
Excellent course and immensely beneficial given the current circumstances.
Very interesting and understable ,thank you for this wonderful opportunity
Excellent material and explanation. More people should attend this course!
As an EMS provider I found everything extremely useful. Thank you so much!
a good introduction to PSA, providing tangible skills to take to the field
ONE OF THE EASIEST AND AMAZING COURSE THANK YOU SO MUCH DR GEORGE EVERLY.
I really like the course, I feel empowered already. Thank you, Dr Everly.
A very good program with practical knowledge. Satisfied with the program.
GREAT LECTURES, GREAT SIMULATION VIDEOS AND GREAT CONTENT. I LEARNT A LOT
This week I have written a words in a creative manner that describes me .
Good language and tricks used to learn,mental and physical mind changing.
this is just awesome . it fulfilled my knowledge quest and also my heart.
Excellent course with usable information from someone who’s done the job.
Great information and lessons. It can be another tool for a psychologist.
Excelent and well structured material to learn about this specific matter
Wonderful, useful, engaging, passionate, professional. Thank you so much.
Very engaging course and learned lots that I will carry on into my career
Great course. I've got a new way to look at things and handle situations.
Best decision I made this quarantine! Thank you so much for this course.
The mentor is amazing and i wish to work with him in future if possible!
The course was very well presented, easy to understand and very helpful.
Outstanding knowledge, applicability, and instructor. Worth every second
A clear and complete strategy for a first aid psychological intervention
Great class. Lots of practical information delivered in engaging format.
Very well designed course with valuable input and learning curve for me.
Really enjoy the whole course and want to enroll other course like this
The course is excellent. The lectures and simulations were very useful.
It was so helpful for the future psychologist and mental practionaire.k
Love everything about the course and excited to apply to my daily life.
Clearly structured Course for Disaster Management professionals like me
it helped me a lot to gather more knowledge which i never know before.
The class is very interesting. Simulations provided a real experience.
Thank you so much for this course. I learnt a lot. It is very helpful.
Excellent course for those willing to extend their knowledge about PFA
It was a precious opportunity both for theory and practice. Thank you.
I really enjoyed the course and found it really informative. Thank you
I really like this course, it's really detailed and very knowledgeable
Course was indeed helpful especially during this time of a pandemic ❤️
Very nice and clear course. Very clear instructions and good examples.
Gave me the confidence to properly understand Psychological First Aid!
Fantastic course, highly recommended! Exceeded my expectations by far!
Absolutely fabulous course. Amazing how it's helping in everyday life.
Great course! I think all the basic concepts are thoroughly explained.
Very useful, very practical... one if the best courses I´ve ever take.
I truly enjoyed taking this course! I cant wait to get my certificate!
The RAPID framework is applicable in other stress-induced situations.
Its a really amazing course ! I got to learn a lot from this course !
Very enlightening, very helpful, very very very rewarding experience.
It has been a great experience and useful information and techniques.
thank you for the course. It has probably changed my life trajectory.
That was a very useful course with an awesome professor.Thanks a lot.
Awesome course. Well presented material. Concise. Highly recommended.
Awesome Course! Learned a lot of valuable and applicable information.
Wonderful and helpful course. I wish you had several more. Thank you!
two words: Amazing Course!!!!   three more words: Don't miss it!!!!!!
One of my favourite courses on Coursera. So much so I did it twice :)
This was a very interesting and excellent and well-presented course.
The course has helped me to apply the relevant framework to my work.
I have done my course thanks to coursera to gave me this opportunity
That is perfect I feel very happy and satisfied. Thank you very much
best course so far thank you so much for giving us this opportunity.
It is a excelent course, that includes good and appropiate contents.
Great course! The lectures were very informative and very well made.
Great overview of the subject, and there is still so much to learn.
A very interesting and useful course. Definitely can be use in life
Very good course. Good information provided in a good learning envi
This course was a real Eye-opener. I got more than I bargained for!
I highly recommend this course for anyone living in today's society
Very informative, nice pace and easy to navigate through materials.
very useful course specially for people who live in disaster zones
Very useful course in the context of staff support in the COVID ep
Psychological First Aid was a very helpful and informative course.
This course helps me alot for self development and to help others.
I really like this course. I was very Informative and encouraging.
Very engaging. I was able to learn what I needed to learn quickly.
Excellent course...learnt a lot.Great initiative by Johns Hopkins.
Great for helping disaster victims and acute psychological trauma.
Very informative and useful information that I will be able to use
Very good course, Makes you more useful for your self and society.
Great lecturer! Very well put together, clear and concise lessons.
Prof. George is very patient. I learned a lot from the simulation
I thoroughly enjoyed the course. It was accessible and affirming.
I learn so many things so very thankful for providing this course
Fantastic teaching style. Very insightful and useful information.
Really helpful and impressive coursework. Very engaging material.
I learned so much in this course. It will help me as an educator.
This was an excellent course and would look great on any resume.
I will terribly miss listening to the lectures of Dr. Everly. :(
Great course. Quick and easy while teaching crucial information.
For the amount of time invested, I learned many tools! Great! :)
Amazing Experience, Very crisp, and clear method of explanation.
I really like the course and learn how to do a PFA with examples
Really good course to get you up and running in a practical way.
I am very thankful with the learning received across the course!
Thank you for this course I really liked it. It is very helpfull
Good but i think it will be better if you share the powerpoints
To help the Psychological aid to depressed person in community.
Probably the best course I have taken, it was viably introduced
A truly enlightened and enjoyable course. It made so much sense
I learned a lot about being a first responder during disasters!
Excellent- very professionally presented with valuable insights
Excellent course. I have taken other PFA courses and this is by
great way of teaching approach, easy to understandThank you!!!
A much-needed training in the current global crisis we are in.
brilliant loved it well presented amazing help one of the best
Very informative course, I really enjoyed it and learned a lot
High recommend for professionals in the field of mental health
It's amazing and truly educational. God Bless and Thank you...
Very informative and beneficial knowledge in the social field.
Thank you so much for the opportunity to learn more about PFA.
Excellent course! Very interesting and informative. Thank you!
I was very happy with the information presented in this course
The teaching materials are interesting and easy to understand.
This course is elucidating to beginner students in Psychology.
Really helpful course to analyse the physiological first aid.
I have Learned alot for this course, it was very informative.
Thank you a lot! The best course ever! with the best teacher!
Thanks for this refresher course. I like your RAPID approach.
Wonderfully Explained. Good Examples and perfectly cordinated
A course well organized in time and preparatory. Compliments.
Practical and well paced. Easily translated to community care
Great course, a true compassionate expert teaches the class.
Excellent course content and delivery. Thanks to instructor!
Thanks so much, I have learnt great skills from this course!
Everyone would benefit from the skills taught In this course
it rocks !! it seems very helpful in this covid 19 pandemic!
Easy to understand. Very informative. Loved the simulations.
Excellent engaging course, easy to understand and practical.
Thank you! I gain alot of new knowledge, musch appreaciated!
This course is very useful and helpful, thank you Dr.George!
It was pleasure to take this course a year a go .. thank you
A very practical and useful course. I do recommend to do it.
I learned what I wanted to learn. It is a very good course.
It was very informative particularly the RAPID Model of PFA
I enjoyed all the session and infact it was really helpful.
Really nice course. It will help in my duty to help others.
Well developed, carefully prepared materials, very helpful.
I was glad to participate. You do a great job! Thanks a lot
Very useful and pertinent to people in any "helping" field.
Thank you for providing easy-to-access course for everyone!
Great very useful course. Many thanks for this opportunity!
Excellent course, matched the course description perfectly.
It was a great course.  It was well organized and engaging
Very informative! I would recommend this course to anyone.
Dr. George Everly is an excellent facilitator and teacher.
Thank you for this well-structured and interesting course!
The course is interesting and the examples given are good.
It was a good learning with a examples of practical cases.
Very interesting course, of course. compliments. Donatella
Excellent material for anyone involved in disaster relief.
Very helpful for those who are involved in social services
Absolutely fantastic course. Clear and memorable lectures.
Eye opening, motivating, concise and perfectly structured.
Awesome course! Very easy to follow and great information.
SImple and easy to learn ...hope to help others some day..
An interesting, informative and nicely presented material.
Very well made and a good introduction to PFA! Thank you!
Is a basic course but help a lot with further information
Thank you for course im so happy and give me much insight
Outstanding...content...delivery...quizzes...outstanding!
It was really an amazing course, helped me to learn a lot
Thanks John Hopkins University for this wonderful course.
Course contents  delivery mode is very good easy and unde
Good start and great understanding achieved on the topic.
Thank you. It's really helpful. An enthusiastic lecturer!
I strongly recommend this course. It is very profesional.
Very helpful, even for a mental health care professional!
Great way to learn skills needed for dealing with crisis!
I have leaned a lot, this is very interesting and amazing
Your ideal course for the first line of actionin a crisis
Fantastic, very helpful even for mental health providers!
The course was very good and I really loved learning it.
It was a perfect tool to add to my tool belt! Thank you!
Excellent.Precise. Logical ,practical and mostly useful.
Great!!! This course was really helpful and interesting.
I learnt a lot. I was able to achieve my learning goals.
I got some learning experience and also about self care.
Good course, it is short but very interesting and useful
Very clearly structured course with  good case examples.
It's awesome.  I learned a lot from this course. Thanks!
It is very intersting and important course for every one
I enjoy this course, so useful for Ukrainian reality too
very goog in combination of speaking and showing (video)
It has been a great experience learning PFA with you :)
Excellent presentation and very current subject matter.
In the COVID-19 crisis, this course is very impressive.
Great course!!! Thanks so much for all the information.
A very good course! Easy to understand and so practical
all in all extremely informational and well done course
Enriching Learning ! Thanks for this course Professor !
Loved this course, Highly recommended for Psychologist.
Loved the course. It was very detailed and well taught.
Arguably the most enjoyable course I have taken to date
excellent material instructor was pleasant to listen to
very enjoyable, the speaker was engaging and animated!
Amazing Experience...Thank you for this amazing course
The PFA Training was well presented and comprehensive.
Thank you so much for the learnings in this course! <3
Excellent course! Clear and informative information...
I truly recommend this course. Full of great knowledge
All You need to star with the fascinating topic of PFA
I enjoyed doing this course and i learnt an awful lot.
it was a little hard to complete but I did learn a lot
Excellent professor. The simulation is really helpful.
Great start to learning about psychological first aid.
His videos are sticky with clear and precise examples
It's very informative, user friendly and interactive.
i would like to thank  you for this valuable course .
Great and useful for people who plan on volunteering!
Its very benefical knowlege to cope from any disaster
Eye-opening and practical course. I truly enjoyed it!
the best of first aid and helping mind from disaster.
Helped me gain more knowledge related with psychology
Amazing course! So comprehensive and well explained!
Great short course or review for front line workers.
it was fun and helpful. I enjoyed the time learning.
This course is very important and helpful. Thank you
Great course!  Great information!  Great instructor!
I have really got a lot of benefits from this course
Excellent course, very practical and easy to follow!
Wonderfully informative course, very well presented.
Very informative, instructive and easy to understand
very amazing and useful course I highly recommend it
Excellent use of interpersonal skills and refection.
This course is very helpful. I am satisfied with it.
very interesting and loved watching all the lectures
Very well designed course. It will be very helpful.
I really learned a lot from this course. Thank you!
Interesting and inspiring me to go out and do more.
Congratulations for this course, it's very usefull.
The course is insightful and enhances preparedness.
it was excellent experience. very practical it was.
Very very very useful...thank you for this course..
Great aid especially in a times of crisis like this
Course is very good it really works and very useful
Great content. Very well presented and very useful!
Dear Coursera, thanks a lot for that opportunity!!!
Very helpfull in time of crisis to support Survivor
Great instructor, learnt a lot through this course.
so many thanks! i really happy to take that course!
Thanks, really good course. Loved the case viginate
This was good and VERY simple to learn and follow.
Good course, the instructors voice is calming too!
Thank you Dr George for this variable information.
The best Ever Course with deep and great Knowledge
So insightful and interesting! Definitely worth it
really helpful!the professor is quite experienced!
Great course, very practical and clear. Thank you!
It’s very great with many practical skills taught.
tq for helping me out with an intro to psychology
Incredible! Dr. George is an excellent professor!
Well paced. Easy to understand. Excellent course.
It was amazing, thank you so much for your course
I was able to learn quite a lot with this course!
Great course, easy to understand and interesting.
Easy to understand, simple and clear explanation.
Very reasonable work load and easy to understand!
very informative and easy to understand and apply
One of the best course to become more empathetic.
Great course, very well explained and easy going.
An easy to understand course on the basics of PFA
I would highly recommend this course to everyone.
Excellent course, very nice learning experience..
Excellent lectures, very engaging and motivating!
Informative, Well documented, Excellent delivery
Enjoyed the presentation, notes and information.
Wonderful and very interesting course. Thank you
This was really an excellent course for my life.
very helpful for people interested in psychology
Excellent course. That was very helpful for me .
This course will help me in my professional life
Thank you. I have gained a lot after this course
Thank you very much for the valuable information
High learning effect through the video examples!
Loved this course. It’s great so anyone to take.
Really great course, very informative and useful
Very mind-opening and enjoyable course to learn!
Excellent and to the point.  Highly recommended.
Great course! Worth spending every second on it!
Practical and informative.  Well worth the time.
Extremely informative and a great skill to have!
realy helpful for my job as a disaster volunteer
This is a great and practical course, recommend!
It was really helpful in this pandemic times 👍
very clearly explained and with good examples .
great course , easy to understand and engaging.
Very useful, complete and well designed course.
I am so glad that I can improve myself one step
Thank you for all the learning, it works great.
It was very instructive, practical and helpful.
Very  important course that everyone should do.
Very informative. Discussion is well organized.
Excellent course for anyone in disaster relief.
It was very informative and easy to understand.
Good course I have learned very much thank you
Excellent experience of attending this course.
Thank you. It s really informative and useful.
Excellent course. Very interesting and useful.
Equips and prepares you to to be a front-liner
thank you i love the simulation so much thanks
Thanks for the beautiful sessions and classes.
Relevant course to take for this timely event.
Great resource, very organized, helpful course
Extremely thorough course. Very well designed.
Engaging, user friendly, and very informative!
One of the best PFA trainings available online
What an absolutely informative learning point
It was great being part of this course Thanks
The videos were short and easy to comprehend.
Simple and clear introduction to the subject.
Very helpful and very informative. Thank you!
a wonderfully guided and comprehensive course
Good course and much needed content now adays
PFA is really helpful for this challenge time
Excellent Course, Thanks for the opportunity.
Best class I have taken so far with Coursera.
conveys the required knowledge effortlessly.
Good course. Learned a lot from this course.
It is an amazing course. I enjoy it. Thanks!
I learned lots about psychological first aid
Really good, exactly what I wanted to learn.
evidence based and pragmatical model  Thanks
Very thorough and informative. Perfecr pace.
What a brilliant course!! Thank you so much!
Great course. Quick, easy, and to the point.
Best course to learn psychological first aid
Very helpful for crisis intervention events.
It's an excellent and really helpful course!
This is one of the best course. I loved it.
Incredibly relevant to our world right now.
Vry informative course with case dialogues.
Amazing course and friendly study material.
This course pursuing my knowledge about PFA
every information was very valuable, thanks
Thank you for this course, it's very useful
clear instructions with helpful information
It is really comprehensive and very helpful
very interesting and, unfortunately, useful
This was extremely educational and helpful
Can be a motivation to help people in need
A nice stroll through a difficult subject.
Very Helpful! Always love coursera classes
Excellent introduction to a complex topic.
Thanks a lot for such a valuable training.
Well illustrated with demonstrative video.
very great module and interactive learning
It's very good and important course to us.
It is very informative and we learn a lot.
Necessary to actual situation in the world
Excellent! Thank you Dr. George Everly Jr!
This is a very timely and excellent course
This course should be attended by everyone
Great content and meaningful instruction.
Easy to understand, valuable information.
Really enjoyed the course, easy to follow
Thank you so much Coursera and Instructor
Love the course and I learnt a lot.Thanks
Learns a lot about it for a beginner like
helpful,detailed and simple to understand
Practical, helpful, interesting, relevant
So far it's very stimulating and helpful.
Very informative and easy to understand.
very insightful. clear and to the point.
I found in it exactly what I'd expected.
Simple, visual, focused. A great course!
very good and the simulation help a lot.
Really helpful and interesting to learn.
This course is concise and to the point!
Excellent course ... Thank you Dr George
Great course, and Well explained course!
This course is very helpful for my work.
Great course! Very useful acronym RAPID!
Awesome course!  Outstanding instructor!
Very educational and easy to understand.
It was a very helpful course.Thank you !
Very helpful for me . I like this course
WELL PLANNED AND VERY INFORMATIVE COURSE
The best-designed course ever, Thank you
The course is spot on and very educative
I learned a lot, really practical course
great information and easy to understand
This course is very helpful. Thank you!
A course filled with emotion. Loved it.
how the professor taught was excellent!
Very informative and enjoyable to learn
Really really helpful, taught me a lot.
I wish my effort can make a difference!
Excellent course, Thank you very much,
Extremely informative! Great knowledge
A very helpful and informative course!
It was great enrolling for this course
Tone, pace and material was excellent.
Well paced with realivent  information
Very interesting and excellent course!
Really helpful and easy to understand!
Great course. Everyone should take it!
I liked the practical approach to PFA.
concise and helpful course! thank you!
Love it! Very relevant and insightful.
Brilliant teaching, thank you so much!
Perfect for mental health preservation
It was an excellent and useful course.
Could i purchase my certificate later?
very useful, especially analyze errors
Very informative. Easy to understand.
Good and well known about this course
Please how can I get my certificate??
Well thought out and designed course.
It was an amazing, interesting class.
It's worth every minute of your time!
Concise, interesting, well delivered.
Great information and great delivery!
It was a very good and helpful course
This course is a very useful subject.
Very comprehensive and useful course.
Excellent Course, Highly Recommended!
This course is helpful. help me a lot
Excellent!Very intresting and useful.
it was amazing!! thanks phd george !!
Very interesting and good information
good info, easy to follow and relate.
Exceptional content and presentation.
Excellent! Very helpful and complete.
For me, this is the best course ever.
a really great and interesting course
Great course and very informational.
excellently portrayed. very helpful.
Very,Very good! And amazing program.
Hi, can I have a certificate? please
It is very useful thank you coursera
Very good course!!! Highly suggested
Learned so much! Very timely course!
I am very happy to study this course
Awesome course on self - care topic.
A great course by a great instructer
This is amazing, thank you very much
Very helpful and informative, Thanks
very usefull and easy to understand
thank you for this useful knowledge
I must say, this's very helpfull...
Thank you for the wonderful course.
Very interesting and useful course.
Both informative and inspirational!
Absolutely enjoyed what i learned !
It is very helpful for me in future
Very Informative. Love This Course.
Thank you for the wonderful course!
Important topic, accessibly taught.
I loved this, so much fun to learn!
Yeah..a very informative course...
An excellent Course and Professor!
very brief yet easy to understand!
Very useful tools for many  fields
Fantastic course, very informative
easy to follow and really helpful!
Great course, engaging and useful.
Really important and quick course.
It was fun and I learned a lot!!!
Very much practical basis course.
Very helpful and engaging course.
good information about psychology
It was really helpful! Thank you!
loved it! It went by way too fast
Great course and very interesting
Really good material. Thanks!!!!!
very informative  and interesting
Great course! Totally enjoyed it!
Thanks for such an amazing course
Very nice. Learnt something new.
Thanks for your good information
Very informative and interesting
its a wonderful course thank you
it was excellent and so helpful.
Very clear and helpful .Thanks !
the best Psychological First Aid
brief, concise but very helpful!
Very practical, love the course!
All the lectures were awesome!!!
amazing! so useful for this time
Super insightful and actionable!
Excellent! Very helpful, dynamic
Excellent model of intervention.
It was a great course. thank you
Very nice and informative course
Very informative and intersting.
Informative and well organized.
the best choice made. thank you
This course is very rewarding .
Great information and learning.
Its good for all kind of trauma
this course has taught me a lot
This course was very practical!
Highly recommended for everyone
Exactly what I was looking for!
This is a very helpful course,
THIS IS THE BEST COURSE EVER!!
Important to every human being
Enjoyed this course very much!
Helpful, insightful, relevant!
This course is really amazing.
Very Helpful thankyou so much!
Very comprehensive. Thank you!
Very useful and well explained
A great concise course on PFA!
Informative & intuitive course
Thorough, excellent vigniettes
Good but certificate not free
Very Helpful and informative.
It was fun learning about PFA
Well taught and very engaging
Love it. Thank you very much.
this was a really good course
IT WAS A WONDERFUL EXPERIENCE
Its amazing thank you so much
Very informative and helpful.
Great course highly recommend
wonderful learning experience
Very professional and useful.
Nice experience with courses.
Great and very useful course!
Great class.Very imformative.
It's very interesting course!
very informative and helpful
Excellent.. Brief and crisp!
knowledgable and informative
thankyou for amazing course!
The course was enlightening.
A world of great information
Lectures were well presented
Very interesting and helpful
Loved it, thank you so much.
one of the best short course
Absolutely usefull and clear
So useful, thanks. Splendid.
I need my certificate please
very helpful , learned a lot
Really informational course.
very useful and to the point
Great class! Learned a lot.
Very useful and informative
Very informative and useful
Very insightful and useful.
Opportunity to learn more..
Complete and really useful.
101 P.F.A course. Loved it.
Good information, well told
Very informative and clear.
Wonderful course and tutor
amazing introductory class
A good experience overall.
nIce and benefIcIal course
Best course for a beginner
Thanks for the opportunity
Very human. Liked it a lot
Great Course, thank you :)
Thank you for the courses.
Very good and informative!
A very informative course!
it was excellent, thanks!
Practical and streamlined
GREAT I LEARN A NEW THING
Great course!! Thank you!
informative and succinct.
It's really awsome course
Great introductory class.
Very complete and helpful
Great course and content!
Very helpful information!
Very interesting subject.
Incredibly useful course.
It was great.I loved it.
Good, Very useful course
Very helpful. Thank you!
One of the best courses!
wholesome :) im thankful
Very Informative course.
Excellent course, thanks
Very helpful! Thank you!
Very useful and complete
Professional experience!
Very interesting course.
Great course. Thank You.
Very useful introduction
Very helpful course ...
Very impactful learning
Brief and useful course
Great conclusive course
This helped me so much!
Great Course! Thank you
It is an amazing course
Short and to the point!
Absolutely loved it!!!
This course is awesome
Thank  You very much!!
Excellence! Thank you.
Excellent, thank you..
An informative course.
Good practical course!
Thank you, Dr. Everly!
Very good introduction
Thats very good course
Absolutly worth taking
The best in my opinion
clear and to the point
lecturer was excellent
Great course, thanks )
amazing and thoughtful
very good information
Very good information
that was very helpful
Highly recommendable.
Thank you Mr. George!
It was great and fun.
the best course here)
Very good and useful!
This is a very good c
This is very usefull
Great course to take
Very meaningful MOOC
Loved every lesson!!
Real helpful course!
Thank you Dr. George
Very nice experience
very good experrince
Very helpful course!
Thank you so much!!!
Excellent, thank you
Thank you D.R George
Very Informative :)
An amazing course!!
Well defined course
555555555 Thank you
truly great course.
I love this course!
Very helpful for me
Very good condition
Thanks from Turkey.
Very Useful Indeed.
Great! Learn a lot.
I love this course!
more online classes
perfect , i love it
Excellent training.
Really good course!
It was interesting!
Got Good knowledge
very nice course !
Highly informative
Really insightful.
absloutely perfect
it was really good
Very Informative.
Extremely helpful
Great Knowledge:)
Very useful class
highly recommend!
Perfect Courses !
Very educational!
Very recommended!
Really well done!
Wonderful course.
I really like it!
is very important
Wonderful course!
👍👍👍👍The best
Extraordinary 🌻
Highly recommend
very insightful!
Great! Thank you
GREAT, Thank you
Its very helpful
It was GREAT!!!
That was great!
Awesome Course!
great and usful
Good Foundation
well conducted!
Thanks for all.
Truly wonderful
Really helpful!
Very educative
Well conducted
Great teacher!
Amazing Course
It was perfect
Quick and Easy
SELF-awareness
Truly helpful
very helpful!
really useful
Ggreat course
it's helpful
nice class!!
great couse!
Informative
Very usfull
Completeyes
So helpful!
thank a lot
I loved it
So helpful
loved it..
Loved it!!
I'm agree
Fantastic
Thanks!!!
I'ts good
Perfact
THANKS.
Awsome
