I have a rudimentary background in R programming and a lot of experience with computers.  I really doubt that someone with no programming experience would be able to complete this course.  In many instances, the tools and functions needed to compete programming assignments were not taught.  In addition, functions that are taught in the class are not used at all in the homework.  The final assignment was unncessarily complicated and time consuming.  I would not recommend this class to someone who is new to programming.
This course lacked organizational structure. The lessons were not in a logical progression and the material jumped around a lot. Furthermore, once a topic was introduced in a video lesson, the practice did not correspond to the lesson just learned. This made it hard to reinforce what was just learned. I would not recommend this course to someone with no experience with R.
I have programmed in SAS before (15 years ago), so I thought that experience would be sufficient for me to take this class.  I have to say it is not.  This class is definitely not for beginners - you must have programming experience, R experience and/or both.  The programming exercises do not follow the lectures and it does not build upon concepts.  You will be required to seek help elsewhere (i.e., Stack Overflow) and answers to your questions will take days, if not longer.  So, the fact that the classes are organized by week means that you will not conclude in the time you believe you will.  I feel that this class is more self-taught than anything else.  I have decided to quit this class as it has become extremely frustrating.
Very steep learning curve, especially in the beginning. the professor does not have a very engaging way of presenting his material. Also unfortunately he always requires to first think theoretical and then apply some of the learned content this for yourself. However teaching works the other way around:1) what is the problem we are facing?2) how can we solve that problem (practically)?3) how and why does this solution work (theoretically)?this is proven to be much easier to learn new things and get started. Instead i think this course is set-up for people to struggle by themselves, which i find very frustrating and its not teaching! I ended up teaching myself through trial and error and lots of google search. So what am i paying you for then?Disappointing
I learned a lot, but 1 star because most of the HMW are extremely hard compared to the lessons,  and has nothing to do with the lesson, they need more smaller and easier HMWs . The class need to be structured better.
The material poorly prepares you for the assignment and expects a deep commitment to a single part just to solve it. I was unable to find help in the forums or online despite doing well on the quizzes and other work. Terrible course.
Damn near worthless. The course material has significant gaps of information. The programming assignments require knowledge that isn't presented in the course. I had to Google my way through this entire course. I would not recommend it.
Videos are difficult to follow along due to speaker.
Honestly, I'm very disappointed with this course. The content taught in this course is not in accordance with the assignments. It is like someone taught to be a builder and asked to build the Brooklyn Bridge ... Not fair at all.If you are going to ask to build a bridge, teach me how. If you teach me how to be a builder ask me for a wall, not a bridge.
If I wanted to learn from outside source and "hack" my way through understanding, I would not be paying money for this course. I am paying money as I expect a smooth introduction and summary to the topic which it is not. I have taken classes in SQL and python on courser. Those were of better quality. I think this R class is one of the worst.
At first glance, the lectures seemed great - they explain the chosen lecture material well and give you a good background on the basic building blocks and theory of R. The quizzes were also pretty good because they directly test you on the lectures and help reinforce the key ideas.The problem with this course is the assignments. While the assignments are well-made in themselves and would otherwise help you learn by doing, they have little to no correlation with anything covered in the lectures for that particular week - or, if they do, it is not made sufficiently clear, even in hindsight.This is not a fatal flaw learning-wise, because you can dig around in the forums/elsewhere on the internet for tutorials and explanations of the concepts you need to do the assignments, and through this you can still learn the intended material. I do feel like I've walked away from this course having learned what the instructor meant for me to learn about R.But it does beg the question - if 80% of the essential material for succeeding in this course must be found by scouring outside websites and extra articles posted by former students in the forums, then what exactly am I paying for?Furthermore, it seems I am not the only one who feels this way - more than once in this course I found a post from a mentor in the forums containing a random article from elsewhere on the web, with the caption "many students have said they are confused about [topic], so for the purposes of the assignment, consider this the 'missing lecture' from this week." For a free course/completely self-taught approach, this would be fine, but as part of a paid specialization, the extremely large gap between the given material and the assessments was deeply frustrating.I understand that to learn programming is, to a certain extent, to learn by doing, and to learn how to take the theoretical information that was imparted in class and apply it to a new or different problem that is presented as an exercise. However, when, after taking diligent notes on all of the week's lectures and completing all 15 extra-credit swirl exercises twice just to make sure I haven't missed anything, I am still left wondering if the assignment in front of me was uploaded to the wrong course by the instructor by mistake, something has gone quite awry in the course design.This course is not unhelpful, but it's not worth paying for.
The lectures are not very engaging, just listening to someone talk about a code is not a good way to learn how to do it. The swirl course is a better option, but it is very basic and in most cases it consists only in copying something that's already on the screen. The gap between what you are taught in the lectures and the assignments is absolutely abysmal and incredibly frustrating. How are we supposed to know how to create complicated functions after just listening to someone say what a function is? I don't think that teaching someone the equivalent to "2+2=4" and then asking them to solve Riemann's Hypothesis in the exam is very fair. 
I would not recommend this course.
Roger Peng is regarded as one of the best in the business when it comes to practicing data science, but I found his instruction skills wanting. As someone new to R and new to programming, I found him somewhat hard to follow at times. Nevertheless, I powered through. Unfortunately, when I came to the quiz at the end of Week 2, I found it was drawing on background knowledge that had not been taught in the course. Honestly, unless you're starting with a background in programming, I would not recommend this course.
The instructor appears unprepared to present the material. When presenting it appears that it's the first time he is reviewing the material. This is my first bad experience on Coursera. The last Coursera course I took (SQL for Data Science by University of California, Davis) was great as it appeared that the instructor was prepared with what they were going to present.Coursera needs to vet their instructors' course recordings before allowing them to put forth their material on the site.
I am really unhappy with this course. Coming to R with some background in statistics and SQL, but lacking programming experience, I assumed this would be an introduction. The material in the lectures is straightforward enough, and the swirl exercises are easy to get through and informative, but the assignments are, without exception, based on writing functions in R with basically zero experience. Having no background or frame of reference for best practices in syntax, logic, etc, and very little information in the lectures or supplementary material to help, I found these to be almost impossible to complete. Furthermore, there's no mechanism or provision in the course to review the assignments after they're submitted. So not only did I not feel like I was doing the work correctly, I can't get feedback, and the lecturer doesn't break down the rationale behind the assignment, and how he would have done it or why. In addition, the assignments bear only a tangential relationship to the lecture material. So I would be feeling good coming out of a lecture and going through swirl exercises, only to be plunged into a programming assignment that was far too advanced for the small steps I felt I had taken in my overall competence with the language and material. I don't doubt that someone with better knowledge of programming can get through this stuff, but this class should be reserved for advanced learners only, or maybe be broken up into two courses. I feel like I wasted $49.
This course is extremely poorly constructed and now quite dated providing instruction in only base R. The philosophy underlying the modular system in Coursera is clearly that the subject matter covered in the module relates to the set work for that module. I was only able to complete work for week x after doing the reading for week x+1. It took me some time to discover this strategy, a lot of which was wasted wondering what I was missing, what I had done wrong &c. I'm sure the course fee doesn't mean much to most but it is a significant amount to me and I felt let down. Very little time or thought has gone into the structure of this course. It is clear that something is wrong with the week 3 assignment when there are git hub entries on the background knowledge required to complete it. Without these I would not have managed. Going by the age of some of these entries, this problem is now years old with no attempt made to rectify it.My only reason for persisting with the course is that my boss asked me get the certificate. I imagine his assumption was that the quality must be high given the institution sponsoring it. It seems to me this course is risks causing a significant amount of reputational damage to Hopkins by association. I won't be continuing with this series of courses, I have switched to a related course series offered by Duke. The quality is incomparable.
My overall evaluation for that course is 1 stas due to main two reasons:First of all course has too much information without the applying during the weeks. However once a learner opens the assignment it is inevitable to face with very hard tasksI spent more time on youtube and other sources to learn how to use the functions and solve the assignments in comparison with the course itself. That is the reason I am not satisfied with the course.Given theory is okay but the applying of them during the week is very less. THat is the reason learner face big issues during quizzes.I found SWIRL assignments very useful that I can say they were the only things that I learned the practical part of R programming.My advice is to increase the number of SWIRL assignments and increase the difficulty level of them each time. It is also better to decrease the difficulty level of assignments and quizzes. Because course is more theoretical than being practical in teaching. but the assignment requirements are more practical.
One of the most worthless courses I have ever taken! There are so many gaps in the course material that you will sepnd the majority of your time banging your head against the table wondering what and why something in the code is happening. The Material on Loops and Functions is a joke! You are supposed to learn loops from that? Maybe if you already know a programing language, you can, but is suposed to be a beginners course, as it was announced whe I started it. Also dont expect much exercises. Swirl is nice to play around, and there is a quiz, but that does not come even close to having a comprehensive set of Exercises. The Instructors advice when there are gaps: Google it! I dont need to enroll in a paid course (for beginners) to do that. Pathetic!
Don't expect so much... Lexical scoping will probably not be used by the majority of data scientists but the course expects you to research it yourself entirely and spend hours on hours on it, when the focus could have been placed on somewhere else!"Mentors" are quick to respond to dissatisfaction at the course with comebacks but when students ask for help regarding assignments they are nowhere to be seen. Watch all the lectures, enrol for 7 day trial, submit assignment 2 and 4, and ignore the rest. Don't let them trick your money!!! (PS I was like you at the beginning, I thought of paying for the course, doing a good job and getting a certificate, but trust me, this course is not worth it.)
As many others have stated before, the gap between the lectures/swirl practices and the actual assignments is way too big. I am a novice at R but did come with practice of the basics before starting this course. I also took notes and completed every swirl practice. Even with that I felt incredibly unprepared for the assignments. I understand that searching the internet for help is part of the process but the extent to which the student must search is unforgivable for this to be considered a proper way of teaching. I would also caution that the estimated hours of completion are understated if you plan on trying to actually complete these assignments by yourself.
This course is frustratingly bad. The lecture topics are very scattered and provide almost no practical information. The slides are static with simultaneously too much and too little to understand how to apply them "in the real world." The disparity between the lecture material and assignments is truly laughable and -- if you are a beginner -- more or less impossible to complete without lots of Google/stackoverflow searching and head scratching. I would not recommend this to anyone.
This is probably the most pedagogically inept course I have ever enrolled on. Although the content is what you would hope to find in such a course, the delivery of it is outrageously bad. When to complete your assignment, Google becomes your best friend rather than your lecture notes, you know that something is wrong. The idea that a baby thrown in the water may just learn to swim rather than drown is pedagogically retarded. Unfortunately, this seems to be the approach here...
The gap between tutorials and assignments is huge. They teach you algebra I and then expect calculus. I got by because of google searching. It took a long time, and it was very frustrating. This course could have been better if there were intermediate assignments to help close that gap. I'm not sure why they've done this already. Based on the discussion sections, I can tell that a large percentage of people quit the data science specialization after taking this course.
the content of the course is rather irrelevant of the assignments, at least in terms of the hardness... also the presenter is substantially fast.
the lectures are very shallow and lack good code examples. The programming assignments are too hard. The worst course I have ever seen.
it's not good to explain only without practice or giving examples
the instructor is like this is ABCD.., and the assignment is like write a report on a topic. the course is too hard for a beginner, then the instructions are confusing.
I really cannot recommend this course for lack of its structure but as I have decided to do the specialization now I cannot stop. Quizzes are good and test the depth of concepts we understood in lectures but programming assignment fails everything. It feels like lectures are made by a person and assignments by a completely new person with a lack of communication. A strong suggestion from being new to programming is that consider the lectures as per the assignments you have made. Programs required to complete the assignments include functions that have not been covered in the lectures nor have they been provided in any supplemental or suggested reading. Assignments are mean to implement what we have learned in the lectures and readings. But the codes required to complete the assignments either have not been taught or mentioned with good references. People with prior programming experience can adapt to it but me being new to it struggled a lot. Especially on week 3 and week 4 programs. I literally had to do filter and sort data in excel to be able to answer some questions in the programming assignments. Please refer course on "Strategic Leadership and Management" by the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in Coursera. There is such an amazing interrelation among assignments and teaching that it makes you want to go further and also try to read or work around more. Please first consider the assignment you want students to complete and then design the lectures. For the week 3 program, I learned after lots of googles to use the argument 'pattern' in the read.csv function. It's really frustrating to solve those programs without a proper understanding of functions. I hope you make the changes as after completing this course even we can utilize it. Thank you for your efforts.
I would not recommend this course to anyone. I enrolled in this course because I am familiar with statistical analysis and wanted to become more adept at using R, and this course was very disappointing. The lecture material and practice assignments in Swirl are nice, but they leave you totally unprepared to complete the quizzes and assignments. There is a massive leap in difficulty from the practice assignments and lectures to the quizzes and programming assignments. Going back over the lectures, practice assignments, and textbook will provide only minor assistance for assignments - there is not enough information to complete the assignment. Because the course resources are inadequate, students must spend hours Googling and troubleshooting in order to finish assignments. An article posted on the course discussion board claims that this is due to the creators wanting to instill a "hacker mentality" in students, so they will work to find the answers themselves. While I agree that students should not be spoon-fed the answers, this is a course that charges an admission fee. I took this course because I was looking for resources to learn - if I wanted to spend hours searching random corners of the internet for the answers to R programming questions, I could've done that on my own time at no charge. I feel like I took a basic anatomy course and the first test required me to safely remove someone's appendix. In short, do not take this class.
If you are planning to learn R, then go and buy a book. This course is a complete scam. At least don't pay any money. The reasons; 1.) They advertise that you need couple of hours of study per week. That's a lie, you have to study much more than that unless if you know a little R programming. 2.) The quiz questions are totally unrelated from the lessons. They teach you the basic stuff but they expect you to accomplish intermediate quizzes. 3.) The instructor has no idea how to teach. May be he is trying to prove something.  I couldn't really understand his motives. If you really want to teach that's simple. You do couple of extra videos and teach whatever you are asking in quizzes, or tell us to read a certain material. He didn't do any of them which means he either doesn't know how to teach or this specialization is a complete scam.4.) And I don't really understand what coursera is doing by the way? What kind of a business model is this. I was planning to enroll many specializations but now I am not going to do it. So think about how much they are loosing. Where is the quality assurance. Just because one guy comes up to you and say that he teaches this and that do you believe them? MY ADVICE TO YOU: DON'T PAY ANYTHING FOR THIS SPECIALIZATION. AND FOR ANY OTHER COURSE READ THE BAD REVIEWS FIRST (WHICH WAS MY MISTAKE).
The materials in this course are very poorly thought out.  (Content of lectures does not match quizzes and assignments, for example. This is obviously intentional, as what the course calls hacking skills is emphasized. By this they mean googling things and figuring stuff out on your own. However, this course gets you barely a step above buying a book on Amazon and just having at it. Yes, the course is nearly free, but your time is valuable.)  For example, the unit on missing values explains NA and NaN, but does not mention complete.cases, which is the one you need for the assignment. It's only like a 5 minute video, so why not cover that as well?Worse than that, the assignments and quizzes are deliberately designed to trip you up.  You will think you have fulfilled the assignment and then when you get to the quiz you realize that you cannot answer the question using the code you wrote because now you are  being required to add extra bells and whistles. This process is demoralizing and is obviously intended to make the learner feel as though they are at fault for struggling, when in fact at no time is the learner informed that the educational materials provided are intentionally insufficient.Underlying all of this is a weed-them-out educational philosophy that really has no place in the 21st century.
I only took the first week, and then I quitted. I took the first-week course twice. The first time I took it--I thought it was my problem--because I haven't code for many years so I can't follow with it. Then I took it the second time and realized that it is not me, it is the course itself. It is so poorly structured!!!!! There are a lot of concepts in the first course, like objects, vector, list, sequence, attribute, class, integer, etc. You might ask me why I listed those concepts which are not structured. It is because the instructor taught those all at once! I wanted to ask if you know how to structure your course! We also know that at the beginning of a course, you should give an overview first, and then structure the notions before you dive into details. You should introduce the notion of the object first. and then introduce the attributes of objects, among which class is one of the attributes. Then introduces that the most basic object is a vector. and then introduce different formats of vectors, and how to create them. My Coursera experience has been disturbed by the courses in this specialization very much. I feel shame about your instructors.
I had really high hopes for this course.  I am not a programmer, though in college I learned C, C++, and used MATLAB a fair amount.  I wanted to learn R because it is a free software versus paying a licencing fee to use SPSS which I have done in the past.  I had already completed the first week of the course and the first week in this course.  I went through the slides and I didn't really feel like I learned any actual programming so then to expect to answer questions where you had to program seemed a bit out of left field.  As a comparison it felt like they had an hour worth of slides talking about different trees and how to differentiate them then asked you to drive a tank.I then took the time go through two swirl assignments which I hoped was going to fill in the many gaps left by the slides.  They were definitely more helpful than the slide show, but I still felt like they would teach you how to add then ask you to multiply.So in general my recommendation would be not to take the course unless you have a fairly solid understand of programming, otherwise you will do what I did and just wasted $50.
Terrible course. The contents, thrown as a videocast dumpout, have nothing to do with the assignments. Remember this is a beginners' class. eg. on Week2, the elements or functions necessary to carry out the assignment are simply not taught, and despite the excellent SWIRL and doing over the entire course ( in case I missed something)  I was irretrievably stuck. As many have been if I judge by the forums. What is the point in teaching a beginner's courses to beginners and then applying  Graduate school thinking that just discourages?  for me this is just an excuse for poor and unfocussed teaching. I suggest to be very wary of the  J.Hopkins school course moving forward, they don't deliver a  course that meets the expectations: in real life,  when a student is stuck, you help out, at least you highlight the course material:  which of course can't be done here, because the course material is NOT related to the  Assignment.  as has been pointed out numerous times in the forum. Shameful  teachingMarc Messier, PhD.Course  teachers
Very poorly constructed. There are major jumps in the difficulty of material that are completely unnecessary. The material could very easily be broken down into more manageable and comprehensible chunks. There is no repetition of any exercise or function to engrain any of the material. This course suffers grossly from the "curse of knowledge". If it were structured in a way where (a) material was broken down into smaller bits, ideally as beta tested by true rank novices and (b) all materials or specific functions were presented with repetition, similar to how khan academy structures its math section, then this course would be much better. I would also assume, given a and b, that there would be higher retention and comprehension. The expected time requirements are also wildly amiss. Try beta testing this on TRUE rank novices. The program suggests that this is for "beginners". I find it doubtful that a true beginner would fare well in this course.
A University Course should be a place where you advance your knowledge with a "limited and reasonable" amount of time spent in the course. The role of instructors should be to "invest" the time to provide the concepts and information for the students of the course to "learn" faster than if they had to research (the planet) by themselves to find the knowledge. The information provided by instructors therefore must be "accurate and complete". This course has so many "incomplete" pieces of information, that it requires insurmountable amounts of time to "find" the concepts required to apply the knowledge, hence it becomes a gigantic "time waster". Unfortunate! the tool and the concept of data science is necessary, but a course organized this way is only for "full time students" that have only one obligation, study. This course as it is should not be in Coursera.
This course is a joke. The concepts of the language are not explained, the assignments - which are very simple conceptually - cannot be done with what is taught up to the week, materials are poorly structured. (Eg. when class is introduced its operators, properties, etc should be mentioned right away.) The point of taking a class is to get guide to move forward fast, save the time spent on reading forums, walking though books of hundreds of pages. This class will save you no time at all, but causes a lot of frustration.  (Eg.: to cast a character in a data frame (used in the 1st assignment) is done by as.numeric(as.character(char)), instead of as.numeric(str) which seems natural to me.  There must be a reason why you need to cast(?) the char to character before casting to numeric, but the instructor thought it wasn't worth to mention.) Don't take it.
Don't take this course unless you have a programming background. Week 2 has a programming assignment that is way to advanced for students without any programming knowledge. This assignment deals with functions, where the code is complicated. What's unfortunate is that you have to finish ever assignment, including this impossible assignment (for beginners) to get recognition for the course. I spent most of my time researching other sources for information because the lectures, and the supplemental information given on a different site, by the instructor (which indicate knowledge that the lectures are insufficient) give trivial examples when the programming assignments are anything but. This course needs some serious adjustments, either with the prerequisites needed for success in this course, or with the material within the assignments themselves.
Coming from a PhD student who is by no means dumb, this course is terrible! Too much theory with little to no examples/sample exercises. You will see a symbol once and expected to remember it for future assignments. Speaking of which, the assignments are 10 times harder than the theory and examples shown. If the lectures talk about doing something with a vector of numbers going from 1 to 10, the final assignment will ask you to do that same thing but with several different data files with their own rows and columns of data. You're basically being asked to swim (not even run) shortly after being shown how to crawl. Terrible experience and I would not recommend it to anyone who cannot pick up on this stuff quickly. My main regret is I quit few days after my monthly payment so unfortunately that's money I'm never getting back.
there is a huge distance between what you teach in the videos, which is fine, and the programming assingments which seem to be apt at an expert audience. to solve these problems I have to spend hours and hours on the internet looking at other people doing similar projects or asking for help. I agree that by looking you can get insight into what you are doing, but the lessons need to be built little by little and supported by practice.You can't slam me with these cache problems giving me an example that is hard to understand (much harder than anything seen during class) and expect me to do it in 5 hours per week. Maybe 5 hours per day. Disappointed. I wanted to use the whole course to learn about rprogramming but I will most likely try to get back the money I spent on this and let it go.
The video lectures will help you to pass the quizzes, as they are primarily theory and background. The lectures will not, however, aide you in any way in completing the programming assignments. The first programming assignment is extremely difficult and very little is done in the lectures, the textbook, or in swirl to pull all of the pieces together prior to the first programming assignment/quiz. There are so many disparate concepts, that it would be nice if the instructor could at the very least, demonstrate a full analysis of some kind of tabular data in R. How to properly import the data, create the file, structure the data, and then perform some analysis. These concepts are introduced throughout the course, but never brought together in one complete project.
I managed to complete this course, but that was because of my four years of "MOOC-level" "programming experience" and duckduckgo (~google), not because of the course material. Videos are dull readings of the pdfs, with many "ummmm"s and annoying lip-clicks.  Examples are useless, explanations are often vague or even incomplete. The assignments are relatively hard in that you don't get all the necessary info from the course, sometimes even R's own manpages aren't enough. (Which is a shame, as you'd expect a course to teach you how to use the tools you will need for the assignments.)If you have no programming experience, stay away from this course!Otherwise, if you want to learn R, look for other resources, and save yourself some time and money.
Although the information on the course states that it requires no prior programming knowledge, that statement isn't accurate. You will quickly become lost in the assignments and questions as they are a not a logical progression from the lecture material. The instruction from Mr Peng is all over the place and doesn't give you a good understanding of the language. I found SWIRL to be 100% more helpful. But looking at the upcoming materials, you need to have a solid background in programming to complete this specialization. Which SHOULD have been told to students prior to them spending money on  the course. I would NOT recommend this course to anyone.
Videos are poorly narrated and are marginally effective: vocabulary + key concepts only. The "swirl" exercises are woefully inadequate to prepare students for the quizzes. Foundational tasks (i.e. establishing a valid connection to the sample data)  are conspicuously absent from the guided exercises; leaving too many students to seek help from message boards and google. Lastly, the "professors" are completely unreachable: they may as well be dead. After 30 years in the IT industry, I found this course to be profoundly aggravating and a complete waste of my time - I have abandoned this course and bought a "Teach Yourself" book instead.
If you enjoy floundering helplessly and feeling incredibly stupid, this is the course for you. Expect a few slides on basic concepts (all of which you need a VERY large screen to read because they seem to all be in 8 point font), and then get flung full force into coding. There are no worked examples. You might as well just buy a Reilly book. My partner and I both wanted to learn R for econometric analysis. He can do more after a 1 day seminar than I can do in a month struggling with this course. I had considered pursuing a graduate degree at Johns Hopkins, but if this is the level of instruction I can expect, then no chance.
not the model of learning that is encouraging or sticks. hard for a student (even one who has a programming background) to sit through hours of slides explaining what the functions and definitions in the language do without a layer of use context upfront.The content jumps from specific examples to unrelated specific definitions without carrying a sense of integrating the new knowledge with any past knowledge in the course. the whole course seems disjointed.would have been much more effective as learning through examples and to be taught functions and definitions as they come up in problem solving.
The lectures and Swirl exercises are extremely easy to understand and follow, but then the assignments are incredibly complicated and difficult. The assignments ask for techniques that aren't focused on or even covered in the lectures. The tips offered by Al Warren in the Discussion forum make the assignments possible to do. Since the tips are so critical to understanding and completing the assignments, I think Al Warren's tips should be incorporated as part of the core course. This course needs more time to be covered in depth - it's a lot of ground to cover in just one month,
Course does not do a good job actually explaining R or training you on how to properly use it. The lectures go over the material very fast and you do not get much out of them, and then the assignments throw complex problems that are very difficult. You spend most of your time Googling to learn it, and I find that I would have learned R better if I just did that to start without this course. Maybe if you aren't new to R and have a programming background, it may not be so bad, but if you are new to R and not an experienced programmer, this is not the class to take to learn it.
i generally think the course needs a lot of improvement as after week 1 the assignments and quizzes don't seem to relate to the course content. we are at very different levels so a more gentle easing and explanation of ideas is necessary other than this apparent quantum leap from one stage to the next. i have had to do a different course else where and i am getting the sort of good introduction into the R language, its not practical to expect everyone to understand the ideas in 4 weeks.programming is hard enough as it is.
This course is outdated and the fact that they don't teach you essential libraries like diplyr, tidiverse and ggplot2, makes it harder thant it should be. Learning R should be fun and easier by learning this powerful libraries. Also the lectures are just plain slides with little to no value. They won't teach you the tools you would need to do your assignments so there is a huge gap in difficulty between the material of the courses and the assignments. This is a big struggle for newcomers into R.
I somewhat resonate with the content expressed in the blog: https://www.quora.com/What-is-your-review-of-Coursera-Data-Science-Specialization-Track1, Not Beginner Friendly, better you are already in the position of Analytic field, Statistician, 2, Instructor read out the slide and I don't feel connection in learning, I resolved to other website for better understanding. 3, However, I would give credit to the only mentor (Len), who is really helping, explaining things in simple way.
Exceptionally bad course and worse instructor. I started this course with lots of interest in R and the way it is taught has made my interest much less now. Why is that?the way videos are explained does not mean anything, It actually makes it harder to understand. the course assignments are very hard and one cannot do unless one learn on his own. Here is the catch the learn on your own is also not explained in the course. The only good thing about the course is the swirl().
R ProgrammingWeek 3Peer-graded Assignment: Programming Assignment 2: Lexical ScopingIn the peer-graded assignment is requested to completed an exercise using an operator never explained in the lectures, nor in the texbook, nor in the swirl package.I don't like this learning method having very light lectures and heavy assignments, this is not the way I like learning as I find it very frustrating not to be able to complete the assignments using the material just learned.
The speaker has his microphone far too close to his mouth so you can hear any(!!!) noises he makes (and he does it a lot!). Further he uses a lot of non necessary commands he does not or just sparsely explain. this would be okay if he wouldnt slip every second sentence or repeat one word several times. He also does not execute code, so you can't see, what the code actually would do. some youtube videos guided me much better than this through basic R. Sad.
This is way too esoteric.  The content was delivered way too fast for me to keep up and process it.  This needs to be taught with more frequent hands on examples.  I'm also not sure why, if auditing, we can't submit and see how we're doing on the learning.  I have no way to evaluate if I'm picking up the concepts or not, which is a struggle.  Overall, I would not recommend this course for R beginners.  I would look elsewhere.
There's a major disconnect from the basic teaching material provided and the first big quiz. All of the actions that need to be taken to complete the quiz is not provided in the lesson material. I understand the interest in teaching people how to look elsewhere for help and learn how to ask questions on forums, however as students in this program will be in their infancy in this program, we do not know what to even ask.
This course is not beginner coding friendly . The assignments contain instructions and code that were not explained in lecture. The first coding assignment has students utilize concepts only found in stickied threads in the discussion board. The second coding assignment also decides to toss another coding function not explained in lecture.  I give this a 1 star based on how unsupported I feel by the lecture material.
Teacher was super boring and it was difficult to grasp the concepts. I would not recommend this especially to beginners, the course makes it seem a lot more difficult than it actually is, you should try learning from other sources. On top of all that, if what is taught in this course is addition, the assignments are on Laplace Transforms. I had to do a course from somewhere else just to finish this one.
Instructor routinely introduces new functions while trying to explain another new function, and requires assignment submissions using functions either briefly encountered, or not yet covered. Course would be much improved by using only previously covered functions during explanations, and not blasting many rarely used advanced functions along with more common and practical beginning functions.
I'm giving this course one star because zero stars is not an option.I wish I had read course reviews prior to beginning. First assignment was tough... but do-able. Second assignment seems straight forward, but the template they ask that you follow contains small tricks which appear to be FAR BEYOND anything touched on in lectures.I'm actually going to fight for my money back, what a scam.
This course was frustrating, the learning curve nearly vertical, the material dense and inaccessible, and the evaluative assignments impossible for new users of R without outside resources. No one should take this course unless they are powering through it for the Data Science specialization. Otherwise, would-be students should just buy an R For Dummies book, and use materials elsewhere.
I did not enjoy this course at all. Even though I work as a software developer, this "Introduction to R" was very boring, and the lack of real examples in the lessons made me very confused as to why we do stuff.More over, the assignment level comparing to the content in the videos is too high in my opinion. The only thing I enjoyed through the course was the swirl package.
If you read the 4 and 5 star reviews they are people who have R experience already. The only prereq for this course is supposed to be regression experience only. This is definitely a learn completely on your own with the videos and text provided by the actual course completely useless. If you are new to R or any programming at all this course will do very little for you.
In desperate need of an ISD.  Very bad descriptions, the quizzes are not sufficiently built around the lecture content, heavily relies on using an "optional" external module which is vastly superior to the actual course content....but the external module is only presented at the very end. Not impressed.  Far too much external searching for unaddressed concepts and ideas.
The worse Coursera course I've ever taken. The videos feel like someone reading the technical documentation to you, the "interactive" tutorials are like an 1980s text-only game, and the assignments require massive leaps in ability over what you learned in the lessons. I would call this course "Advanced-level assignments sure to both bore and frustrate people new to R"
This is one of the worst course i have ever taken on coursera, the assignment is so different from what was taught in class, in fact they have nothing in common and the instructor gulps so much and so frequently and he teaches as if he is in a hurry, if there was a lower rating than 1 star, thats what i would have rated it, i spent months on this course. awful
They say that this course is for beginners, but it's really not! Someone recommended I take this course to get ahead in my career, but honestly it takes hours on end to learn and the slides are unclear as well as lack basic information to learn. I had to use the internet a lot as well as a friend to teach me basic concepts otherwise I would have been lost.
Death by power point. If you can learn from essentially listening to a pod cast and reading unix type manual pages, then this course is for you! If you're like the rest of the population, then these lecture videos are useless. The only redeeming quality to this course has been the homework, but you can find them online or come up with them on your own.
There is an incredibly wide difference between the levels lectures and the exercises presented on Swirl and the coding needed to pass the assignments.  This is a huge detriment to the learning objectives of the course.  It seems like the "lectures are about addition of two numbers" and the "programming assignments are like differential calculus".
Completely lost. This is not meant for rank beginners. Data Camp's free R course has been much more helpful for me than this. It doesn't have the same level of detail as this, but at least I'm not watching an instructor gloss over concepts or ideas that are completely foreign to me as someone completely new to programming.
Had the toughest time doing this course. A huge lag between course content and the assignments. Kindly consider upgrading the course content so its better designed for beginners. Or at least consider providing additional reading material or helpful information. This course is hardly becoming of a John Hopkins' course.
1) The faculty should talk more about the slides, draw on them.  It is hard to follow in the current form.  2) The assignments are not relevant to the learning, except week 4.  3) The faculty speaks too slow.  I listened to him at 1.5x speed.  4) Plotting should have a bigger part in the course.  5) SWIRL is GREAT!
The course lacked overall structure which really impedes learning. There was barely an explanation of why we were learning a particular topic. I believe it might be really helpful to have an overarching project that we work throughout the course, and new topics are introduced in relation to that project.
Only the most basic of instructions for R, which are bland and easily read in the documentation or other free resources. There are very few best practices or real examples to use anything found within. The quizzes and assignments do not match the lecture material and are contrived. Not worth the money!
The lectures never motivated the subject matter.  The material should have been broken up across multiple courses and be introduced as needed.  The course difficulty was highly uneven, expectations from the lectures were noticeably lower than expectations for the quizzes and especially the projects.
Don't do this.Don't waste your time.The instructor teaches you like normal A,B,C,D and the assignments were like go to the moon and come back within half-an-hour. Watch how Dr. Chuck designed his PYTHON FOR EVERYBODY course and the assignments and learn how to design course module .Disgusting !!!
Course has the appearance of being quickly thrown together. Assignments are impossible to complete due to random number generation mismatches. Lecture content frequently does not really help with the assignments, and a lot of the video information is extremely useless in real world applications.
Professor is not good, his English is awful and does not explain in a easy way what he tries to teach.
Content is not organized and tasks are not aligned with the content.I have to say that I won't recomend this course, however, I would like to help to improve this course if you need help.
Very painful training, the contents reviewed in the material will not make you capable to solve the weekly assignments, you will have to learn what you need on your own. To me the only value added of this course is that I will receive a proof that I know how to define basic functions in R.
The course is misleading - the difficulty ramps up too quickly, with the result that those who do not have a programming background will not be able to keep up. It should be toned down and reworked, or split into two courses. Cramming everything into 4 weeks makes everything too difficult.
The teacher goes very fast with the concepts without really spending much time on each of them. It will be great if instead of covering all things in short amount of time, the teacher could write R code using each type of function in console so that students know exactly what to expect.
The gap between the lecture materials and programming assignment is enormous. So much of lecture seem to be on the history and theoretical of R programming that it completely fails to cover the material needed to actually completed the programming assignments. Incredibly disappointing!
Only take this course if you're already familiar with the basics of R programming, otherwise don't bother. The instructor is no help and you'll have to search the internet to complete the required assignments. Don't know about skills but this course sure gave me a lot of stress.
The lecture material was very poor in terms of content and barely scratched the surface of the topic. I don't consider that passing this course you will learn anything but the very basics of R programming. In that respect you are better off reading a book on R.
For an introductory course with no prerequisites, the assignments should cover material that has been introduced in lectures. Non-introductory and advanced courses in R can require students to look outside of lectures for completing relatively complex problems.
BEWARE. If you are someone who is new to more advanced math or to any sort of coding, this course will be very confusing, totally unpractical, and you'll walk away not feeling like you've really learned how to use R in a real way.I was incredibly disappointed.
The lectures are good for basic understanding, but there are no sample programs in order to understand their real world application. And the assignments are not at all for beginners. There is a huge gap between the content and the assignments.
To be honest, this is the most terrible course that I have ever had on Coursera. The courses are not well organized, and the assignment has little to do with the videos, which means students have to learn by themselves to finish the assignment
Poorly organized and managed. Each week of this course should have been broken down into individual 4 week courses. I have 20 years software development experience, and I can tell you this is too much information to cram into a single class.
The new platform Sucks!!!The people who just want to learn for free and not purchase a certificate are barred from attempting the quizzes unlike the old platform. Not being able to take the quizzes completely ruins the learning experience.
You don't have to go through the videos which I found painful because of the instructor's voice. The textbook includes everything in the videos. However, there was no application for the videos and textbook in the quizzes and assignments.
I really wanted to learn R in my current Mac iOS environment, in a Linux/Unix environment.  I only see here the course offered in Windows environment in archaic MS-DOS environment?  I am not interested in that.  Hence I unenrolled.
Somewhere during the second week there is a gap in coding that I could not overcome and this ruined the whole interest in pursuing the course because in order to overcome it I had to cheat. I don't feel like I am learning anymore.
This class is a travesty in learning R. The lessons are misguided and do not prepare you for the overwhelmingly difficult homework assignments needed to complete the course. I would not recommend this to anyone trying to learn R.
The topic which was discussed by the professor can't match with the assignments and quiz.I think the video of teaching should add more elements of practice, so that it would fit people with no basic knowledge of programming more.
There is a significant gap between the lectures and assignments. For someone with very limited programming background, this posed a great hindrance to my ability to use the resources provided to be successful on the assignments.
Possibly the least well structured class ever.  Also, not made for people to actually learn how to program in R.  It is sad that I paid for this, and ended up going to another resource to learn... and it was much much easier.
Not a class for the beginning programmer.  The lectures do not line up with the assignments, and if you don't have programming experience, you could easily spend 10-20 hours/week figuring out how to finish the assignments.
The ask in the fist assignment was not formulated correctly.  Felt the class needed more hands on learning.  Although the lectures were clear and concise, going back to them really didn't help me with the assignments.
I think there is a total mis-match between the lesson material and the assignments.  The amount of hours one needs to search the internet to augment the training.  The recommended text doesn't even come close in
The assignments had nothing to do with the lectures. The teachers do a poor job of explaining basic concepts and theories. The class is a lot more advanced than the class description makes it seem.
The assignments are too hard for the lessons that we had it made me frustrating, after week 2 I completely lost and didn't know what should I do .I really don't recommend this course for beginners
This course is the worst course that I have taken so far. I am not happy with the course content and the way that the lecturer uses to teach this course. I really want to refund my money!
There is a wide gap between the lectures and the practice. Its clear that the video material is completely inadequate and insufficient for the course. A poor introduction to programming.
The jump from the lecture material to the assignments was way too much. In order to complete the assignments, one needs to spend lots of time learning things not covered in the course.
The course content does not match the material you are tested on in the assignments and quizzes. DO NOT take this course if you are looking for an introductory level coding course.
Assignments don't match the lectures at all. Lectures are dry and simple and don't help you understand how to apply the topic to a real life situation. Don't waste your money.
Week 2 is an unreasonably difficult jump from Week 1. This course's beginner friendly lectures do not align with the level of understanding needed to complete the assignments.
This course was labelled as for beginners but was in no way for beginners. The instructors were completely absent. The course material did not reflect the assignments at all.
Very hard for a beginner. Lacks the slow build up I needed. Missing an explanation about a comma cost me about 4 hours. The assignments are brutal which encourages cheating.
homework was poorly structured and not adequately discussed in the lecture videos.  Had to dig through several buried links to make any progress on the homework assignments.
The assignments used knowledge WAY above that taught in both Swirl and the lectures, i managed to complete through a lot of research but this has been incredibly tough!
The level of assignments does not match the level of the course. They are very hard on a beginner. Some practice in the right direction could do help the beginner.
It's too time consuming, not for a newbie. The classes are pointless, cause they are pretty easy and then the homework is ULTRA-DIFFICULT, classes are pointless.
no help no teacher....it seems we are not here to learn but only to pay and challenged!! very very disapointing for a course that it sells for begninner!!
R training and coding is not good. Explanation is good but assignments are very different and one needs to self learn a lot of R coding by themselves.
the worst course for someone has no knowledge about programming, if you don't have experience in any programming language .. don't take that course
Lecturer is very poor, explains very little and the assignments he give have no connection whatsoever to what was taught. waste of money and energy
This is the 6 th course I have taken and two of the courses had serious problems with grading weekly exams. I need attention for this issue.
Assignments were too difficult and totally not relevant to learning materials. I believe alot of work needs to be input on course structure.
insufficient study materials that dont cover quizzes and assignments content. had to give up after week 2.do NOT recommend for beginners.
course need to be better organised. more information should be taught in videos. more explanation should be given prior to assignments
This course was confusing, and the quizzes required knowledge outside of the readings and lectures. This is why I cannot learn online.
im struggling for 10 days to resolve an assignment showing it should be started in some where where i have no idea where is that where
Very poor ,frustrating and so so tough assignments in respective of the knowlegde they give you in video lectures or swirl exercises.
Lectures are very boring and designed in a weird way. He is simply reading the book that he wrote and no real practice was ever done.
Not the best course for beginners. Too much theory and no implementation. Also the assignments were impossible for a beginner.
Not for new programmers.  The lecture material is also not logically organized and does not correspond to the assignments.
R tutorials and assignments are great - however, had to spend more time figuring out Git than I spent on R assignments...
They don't give enough inputs and instructions to complete the assignments, unless they could offer addicional material.
it was too fast for me and i was expecting to study R programming from scratch..and many things were very fast.
I found the jump in difficulty for the first assignment too great. This seems to be a view reflected elsewhere.
The instructions were not satisfactory, and there is a large gap between the assignment and the skills taught.
This course was so convoluted and not practical that it made me lose complete interest in the specialization.
Fix the assignments so they match the course content. This is unfair to the people who pay for this service.
This course presumes you are a programmer to begin with. I tried to take the class to learn how to program.
Assignments do not match up well with the lessons and the lessons are BAD. They are not educational.
Too much of a jump from the previous course. Exercises much too complex relative to the lessons.
You can't do assignments using the lecture materials. Need A LOT of time to finish this course.
There is a huge disconnect between the lectures and what is asked in the homework assignments.
Gap between the theory and the practical assignment is huge. For a beginner is not an option!
This course is not for beginner. If you look for beginner course for R, look else where.
Actually I feel like i'm reading the instruction manual without knowing useful  skills
It's good introduction, but the assignment are rather poor. Not worth paying for it
Doesn't teach many functions that are related to how to solve the question at hand
In Lectures rate of speech is really fast and in some presentations are not clear
There is a disconnect between the video lectures and the assignments/quizzes.
Assignments not always in line with lecture.Material is above beginner level.
the assignments were very hard to understand. the course videos were poor.
They taught lower-level programming and assignments are very high-level.
Lessons that were tought had  almost nothing to do with the assignments
Why should I waste my time listening to someone reading a book to me...
Terribly designed course!!! Better off paying far less for Data Camp!
Not very intuitive videos. Swirl is the only best part of this course
It's impossible if you don't have previous programming experience.
Instructor doesn't seem to be passionate about giving the lecture
the information is very big without any exercises to the ideas
worst teaching technique ever. I DO NOT recommend to anyone!
Professor needs to emphasize on basics before going advance.
Too hard for someone with little to none programming skills
Assignment was to tough as compare to the modules explained
huge gap from lectures and swirl to the assignments.
From theory to practice absolutely not weel driven.
Tasks difficulty level does no match the material.
Waste money and time! Do not explain very well!
They shouldn't compact 14+ videos in one week.
The videos have very little to do with tests
Too difficult and dry. Not for beginners.
There is some topics with no practice
Too much complicated. Not useful.
Nothing Interesting here
Instruction is brutal.
Not enough support!I
Poor courseware.
not satisfied
Frustrating.
Course content was good, but assignments were too hard and not well linked to the rest of the content. I spent hours online trying to work out the assessments which then leads to the question of why the course
The gap between assignments and course content/exercise is too big. Assignments are very difficult to complete without programming knowledge.
I tried to take this course 3 or 4 times and each time it turned me off of R.  The course assignments do not  match the course content and you are expected to really learn on your own by googling and what not. I finally was able to finish the course but it was hard to do it with out googling and finding other peoples answers posted on GitHub or other locations, because I did not want to cheat I did not use these other people answers although maybe that is the Hacker Mentality the professor was talking about. The professor would do well to watch this https://resources.rstudio.com/rstudio-conf-2019/opening-keynote-day2 and maybe read more about how people learn programming. I am glad I learned R using other courses and came back and finally finished this course but if you are looking to learn R through this course good luck.
Let me start by saying that I did learn some basics of R programming during this course with a lot of help from friends and fellow classmates.I like to believe that my 20+ professional years in education and training design and delivery have left me with a pretty good understanding of adult learners, learning theory, and putting all of that into practice. With that in mind, here are a couple of points.First, there is no prerequisite knowledge, skill, or course listed as required for this specialization. Here's what Coursera says about background knowledge, "Some programming experience (in any language) is recommended. We also suggest a working knowledge of mathematics up to algebra (neither calculus or linear algebra are required)." Great! My limited working knowledge of BASIC from the 1980s and novice ability with MS VB fit the bill. Math? No problem, got it covered with Algebra 2 30 years ago. But wait, it turns out neither of those are the case because there are pinned posts in the forum that say the author doesn't understand why an understanding of linear algebra isn't required because it would be really helpful, and you yourself make the point that, "Yes, the mathematics in Statistical Inference and Regression Models are tough for students who haven't previously studied statistics." Knowledge of statistics isn't required or even recommended for this specialization Mr. Greski. That's poor curriculum design and setting students up to fail because there is no realistic expectation set as to what they face in this.Second, if the materials do not provide any framework or context to tie the assignments to previously taught content either in "lecture", swirl, or assignments, then the course designers and instructors did an incredibly poor job with the design. How can students, even those who have a background in statistics, be reasonably expected to know when an assignment makes use of information or learning that must be found outside of the course itself? This can easily be fixed by including a statement or section with each assignment that says something like, "This assignment covers material found in Lessons, x, y, and z. You will also need information found in sources outside this course such as datacamp.com, etc." The italicized sentence can be the same in every assignment. The paragraph could even say that the assignment is not connected to the current lesson in any way as the intent is for the student to make use of outside resources (or whatever the approriate intent is). Regardless, every graded assignment should have a purpose stating what the student should get out of it, and they could all benefit from a context statement.Third, if people like me (those with a non-statistics/mathematics background) are not part of the target audience, then please define the target audience better. Currently, Coursera says this, "Beginner Specialization. No prior experience required." That makes it sound like it is appropriate for anyone with no background knowledge or experience because the course will provide all the background knowledge and skills needed along the way. I'm willing to bet that the full program for $3,310 at JHU has prerequisites other than "Beginner Specialization. No prior experience required," and "Some programming experience (in any language) is recommended. We also suggest a working knowledge of mathematics up to algebra (neither calculus or linear algebra are required)."Finally, portions of this specialization that I have completed so far are out of date. There was one quiz question that involves a specific package in R that is not compatible with the latest version of R. That forces the student to guess. Of course, we can take the quizzes over and over again if we are patient enough so it doesn't really matter if we are guessing on the answers or actually learning and getting the correct answers. Does it? While $49/month may not seem like a lot of money to some people, for others it could be quite a bit if they are having difficulty finding a job and working to improve their skill sets and qualifications. Even though it is "just" $49/month, we are paying for what we presume to be a quality product from a top-notch university. I don't think it's too much to ask that someone correct all the various errors, keep the materials up-to-date with the current version of R (once a year at least), and review feedback such as this (and others) in the forums and Coursera comments. Yes, this means someone has to put the time in on that type of work. I can honestly say that the current state of the materials and quality of design and delivery are well below what I expected for a JHU associated product. I'm not sure I can recommend this to someone as an introduction to data science as it currently exists. I wouldn't be surprised if JHU as an Instructional Design program that could use something like this as a capstone project or similar effort.I sincerely appreciate the time that the JHU staff, the folks volunteering as mentors, my fellow classmates, and my neighbor give to help me and other students understand the concepts and skills in this course. Our expressed frustration about not seeing a connection between assignments and lectures is not an expressed desire to have our hands held and be spoon fed. It's a frustration at wanting to understand the materials, how they fit together, and how we can use them, which I believe is the intent of education and training in general. Hopefully, Dr. Peng or someone from JHU will see this feedback and be interested in making improvements to the curriculum.
Programming assignments are very hard (and in some cases irrelevant) based on the material presented and topics discussed
Gave to little instruction and expected the assignments to be completed based on very little instruction
I think for a MOOC, this course could have used the power of video a lot more, listening to the videos that are basically voice over a slide , wasn't helpful at all, and if it wasn't for the book, I wouldn't learn anything.... if the videos were more illustrative and visual to explain certain concepts , that would have been much better
Very poor material. Very theoric, no interaction, interesting applications or examples, and very boring lectures.The material is very trivial, without real applications.The assessments were useful but in some cases they were not related with the topic.
R Programming assignments were much more complex than what the tutorials taught. There was a very drastic jump between the two and was very difficult/frustrating to complete, especially for someone with no coding experience.
Should have been better taught and the stuff in assignment is way tough than taught in the lecture
I believe many of the students taking this course might not have any prior coding experience. Personally, I found the assignments quite challenging (rather than intellectually stimulating or providing learning) as many of the issues and syntax used in the assignments were never elaborated in depth in the videos. There may be a few people with really good statistical and coding background, who may not find this review much helpful, But, being new to coding, I can understand this and I believe the people who really need this course to equip themselves with these lessons may not be adept at solving some of the problems asked in the assignments. Please take this constructive feedback into consideration while modifying this course (if you do so). Otherwise, it was a wonderful course and gave same basics to build a foundation in R. Thank you.
Swirl is an amazing learning tool and it was the best of the course. However, unfortunately the course videos and supporting material does not help too much in order to complete the Programming Assignments, specially the videos. There is a huge distance from what has been teached or maybe how it has been teached to what was asked to do during assignments. Nothing against to a good task, but would be fair to provide a proper knoledge (e. g. including examples at same level of the assignments, maybe something step-by-step)  so we could complete them without spending so many hours looking for other sources which provide what maybe some of us were expecting to find right here.The course was somehow frustrating and disapointing on this matter and I don't feel confortable in recommending it.
Not very well organized overall.  The assignments were fun, but I had to do extensive research online to find out how to answer the questions being asked, which made me wonder why I had sat through the videos.  Sometimes I didn't even use what I learned in the videos to complete that week's assignments.  The videos are far too theoretical, they probably would have been useful for someone familiar with R or S, but for a new user they required a lot of rewinding and without practical examples it was hard to actually remember what was being taught.  In the rare instance practical examples were given the material stuck much better!
Huge disconnect between the canned lectures (almost all not by Peng) and the exercises. Moreover, other than generating random number distributions, there are no examples of the lecture material worth anything. Given the subjects covered, the course could be great
I am a very frustrated learner trying to write a constructive review here. I studied the course full time to get a certificate to put in my profile. R programming is considered nearly essential skill, if not fundamental, to data analysis. So I had high hopes going into this course.

Lecture videos:  I cannot begin to tell you how many times I fell asleep watching the video lectures. This course is for you if you like listening to someone talking through pages and pages of copy/paste text from a command prompt. I, on the other hand, prefer learning by doing. Sadly, all the doing is clumped into the assignments (more on them later). Also, Dr. Peng makes gross burping/drooling noises in the video from time to time. I apologize if that sounded rude, but try listening to the lectures with headphones and you'll say the same. Video editing for pre-recorded videos is not rocket science.Assignments: These were the biggest frustration throughout the course. Imagine you want to learn to play the piano (and you play a little guitar now) and you go to the piano class. Your piano teacher talks your ears off with music theory for several hours and then hangs you out to dry in front of an audience in a concert hall. You protest "But I have no clue of how to PLAY", but your teacher says "All the piano greats learned by fiddling around with a "hacker" mentality". You ask "Why did I pay $50 to hack on my own?"Off-lecture help: If you take the course for the same reason I did, then thank your favorite god for the moderators in the discussion forums (mentors). 1 out of the 2 stars I give belongs solely to them and the fantastic work they do. The stickied posts in the forums offer a bit of help with the assignments (not enough, but still something). And they are also active in answering questions. The other star in my review goes to "Swirl". You will learn way more by doing the swirl exercises than watching the lectures by a long way.In conclusion, I finished the course with nothing more than a rudimentary understanding of R despite the fine grades. Very little thought seems to have been put into the lectures. I would recommend this only if you  want to show this certificate to someone. Otherwise, stay away!
This course is VERY abstract and I find myself rushing through the videos to get to the practice/quiz so that I can trial and error my way through the project..... hoping for the best. Neither am I excited about starting the lesson each week because there is no real world problem/or data set I'm continuously practicing from. The lessons are essentially a reference guide and not a useful approach for teaching. If I wanted a reference guide, I'd just pick up one of the various handbooks/books on the markets that list R codes and their functions.  A better way to teach/present this course is by infusing actual, real world examples or cases throughout the lessons instead of just listing a function and talking through its corresponding activity/response. Ideally, the real world example would be introduced in the first lesson in Week 1 and that data set would be used throughout the course(s) to apply and practice newly introduced functions. Teaching from this perspective would likely make the concepts  much easier to grasp and importantly, RETAIN. The lessons, as they are currently presented, encourage rote memorization and rob the students of actually applying the concepts/code taught. Also, I love the idea of this specialization. However, I think the professors need to work more closely with online instructional designers to make the entire series more palatable for online learning.  It very much feels as if they have adapted a traditional course on their own without the help of professionals who are skilled at designing online courses. If the aforementioned is the case, the professor(s) should be commended for their efforts, but there is definitely more work to be done to make this an engaging course I'd recommend. PS - I am taking notes and I have some experience with STATA so this type of coding/anaylsis is not unfamiliar to me. I can only imagine how novices may take to the lessons.
I think it is disingenuous to rate the Data Science Specialization at Beginner level  while the R Programming course being rated at Intermediate. It is really a course for experienced programmers. While I
 have *some* programming background (I won second place in an International Curl Programming contest in 2001), I think professional programmers 
would have a much easier time with it, although in looking at many online reviews I see professional programmers struggled with it.  It did shake the rust off my coding 
skills, although if I were back in programming instructor mode I would 
keep the assignments, which were excellent, and work backwards to devise
 lectures that better supported them, 
and provide simple exercises that develop the skills needed. I found that I spent about 35 hours on week 2 between lectures, the assignment, and test, with almost all of that spent on the test. As a busy mature adult the extra 30 or so hours was very unwelcome and I think quite unfair in terms of the stress load of making me wonder if I was going to make it through the material.  In looking at many course review comments I see I am not the only one. You need to even out the workload.When I was 
teaching JavaScript and Visual Basic at a university from 1999-2003 I found that stepping students through 
some examples then letting them solo on slightly altered examples while 
providing support if they were really stuck, then giving them more 
challenging examples to test their skills, was a very effective plan and
 helped them maintain their self confidence in the material. You could always give "Challenge" questions that differentiated between the B-plus and A-plus students that force them to develop their hacking skills.  Unfortunately, I can't recommend your course until you improve the lessons in the manner I've described.
The only reason I am giving this course 2 stars is because the Swirl modules were awesome. Swirl should be the main form of instruction in this course. I have taken one class using R a long time ago, and have a very very basic understanding of programming -- so not a TOTAL beginner, but basically a beginner -- and I found this course to be absolutely impossible to do using the materials provided. The quizzes and especially coding assignments seemed, for the most part, completely unrelated to the lecture contents. The lectures, in turn, contained all sorts of details that were not needed for the assignments and quizzes and I often felt lost. Lectures were generally barren of concrete examples that have any sort of meaning to the audience -- for example, when teaching about a function, instead of showing an example that actually illustrates how we, as data scientists, might ever want to use the function, its usage is demonstrated in a simple but ultimately meaningless (and therefore forgettable) way. It would have been much more useful to show the basic example and immediately follow by a real application. There were many, many, many functions that one seems to need to have memorized, but the course provided no tools to help facilitate that, or input on which functions to focus on. It was a big mess. I ended up teaching everything to myself by Googling... which is ok, I guess, but why am I taking a course, then? There has to be a better way to usher students through this process, even if the goal is ultimately to get us to be resourceful and find information on our own (like why did I spend all that time on lecture if I was just going to have to look everything up?). Swirl was seriously the only thing that saved it.
I would have liked to see more repetition of functions discussed in the videos that slowly build up to the more advanced questions in the quizzes and assignments.  The Swirl lessons are very prescriptive.  While Swirl is good in theory, it aids you along too much for it to really be effective.  I recommend adding practice assignments that have learners do a particular task independently multiple times with different variations so we can really learn what we're doing.  Throughout the course, I would watch videos, understand everything being said, and then be completely lost when it was time to do the assignments.  I'd use the forums and Google to complete them, but it felt like there was a disconnect between the videos and the assignments that made the course more difficult/time consuming.  If there were an interim step of doing practice questions (not through an overly prescriptive package like Swirl, but one that makes you use solve the problem on your own and struggle just a little bit), I think that would've really help make this course more useful.  Also, doing something once in an assignment doesn't mean it's committed to memory, so even though I was able to figure out the assignments, I don't think I've really retained as much info as possible.  In terms of grading peer assignments, I don't feel that I know R well enough after taking this course to say whether someone else's code works or not (without running it and assuming that it doesn't match mine exactly).  I appreciate the time and effort it must have taken to set this course up, but it fell short of my expectations and I don't really feel that I've gained much (if anything) from it.
Be prepared. The lecture portions of the course are quite short and basic.  They don't provide much in the way of practical examples. The assignments often have little to do with the lecture topics (week 3 introduces a whole new concept that you have to learn all about outside of the course to complete).  They're decent assignments, and you'll learn from them, but if you don't already have a lot of experience, expect them to take a long time to complete. I guess my main problem besides this is that there is not enough emphasis on learning the foundations.  They introduce subsetting and give you some simple assignments which give you a basic superficial understanding of the concepts and syntax.  Unfortunately, that stuff takes some time to really sink in, and you need to sit and play around for hours to get a good feel for it.  If they had some optional assignments where you could have some guided exploration of the topic that would be super helpful. The one saving grace is that there is a lot of help in the forums for each week.  The mentors are doing their best to help students out and are generally pretty quick to get back when you ask questions.
My DEAR COURSERA TEAM thanks for providing this course.But I am sorry to say this course is not for the beginners who was not professional coder. I am from background of  applied electronics and instrumentation working in Level 4 automation at Oil and Gas domain as subject matter expert. I wanted to use this language for analyzing the   plant's day to day critical alarms data. During the phases of the  course I faced lots of trouble when performing the assignments. I have to approach some expert coder in order to understand the question and answers. I would feel that team has to modify the course.  One more feed back reading method is not at all helpful where as practical was helpful. Once a learner is accomplishing one course hence material of the course should be sufficient in order to finish the assignments where as this course is not meant for that, I would prefer please modify the strategy. Assignments are not really helpful for learning it simply killing someone times. The reason is during the practical or reading at least same kind of  example like assignment,  should be demonstrated.
This course seems to have a huge gap.  The content presented does not prepare you for the final assignment.  The lecture videos introduce R functions and there are interactive demos in R that show how to use them.  However, the final assignment requires you to determine which functions to use and how to implement them correctly.  Consequently, I had to spend >10 hours finding online examples to complete the final assignment and the code I wrote used functions that were not presented in the course!I realize that there are multiple ways to write R functions and there are tons of existing R functions to utilize, but what should be presented is one standard way of reading data, organizing the data, sorting the data, etc.        Also, I found the lecture videos to be very uninformative.  The presentations need to be more streamlined, focused, and include basic examples.   Overall, I don't feel like I have a firm understanding of R.  I certainly do not feel comfortable teaching R to others.  I think the course could be improved with more examples of basic R functions, such as lapply and order.
By the end of the course, you do start to develop the "hacker mentality" the course writers want you to develop. That being said, it does seem that they could have done a much better job in the video introducing core concepts that would have given non-programmers a better starting point for looking for outside researchers. A ton of time is wasted in the earliest set of videos on super basic topics, but then the course jumps into some very advanced topics with little attention paid to core concepts except by the mentors in the forums. If these really are "core concepts", as described by the mentors, one would think that the teachers would spend time on those concepts in the videos instead of on more arcane use cases (which are precisely the sorts of thing it makes sense to look for in other sources). It really does seem that the teachers have no concept of what is critical content for beginners, given this odd imbalance of tons of time on extremely basic topics, tons of time on fairly advanced topics, and almost no time on critical intermediate-level content.
This course is not set up right, the assignments ask you to do things that aren't explained until the next weeks content, its kind of discouraging. In the end, it does teach you the basics of R, its just too bad that the way to get there is aggravating. The reason I still only give it 2 stars is because of the quality of the courses itself. There are many, many 1 and 2 minute videos, these could've easily been combined. The teacher seems unprepared in his lectures, he stutters and repeats a lot and makes a weird noise between slides. This shouldn't be necessary with pre-recorded lectures. The assignments and quizzes are also poorly written and contain spelling and sloppy mistakes, which doesn't make sense because the material isn't new. It all just makes it seem like the teacher doesn't really care and just wants to sell the course to a lot of people without putting in much effort. If you are not following the specialization I would not advise this course for beginners. I'm quite surprised to see the course get such high ratings.
This is not a course for a beginner in programming. If you are interested in learning R, I would recommend going to DataCamp and starting there. The lecture videos were not engaging, and the jump from the lecture and quizzes to the programming assignments was quite significant (as others have pointed out). The lecturer for this course does have a pre-programming assignment on his GitHub repository to aid in the first programming assignment, but this was not easy to locate nor advertised well (had to scroll through discussion forums before I saw someone mention it). The swirl assignments were the only saving grace for a class that was otherwise not engaging or structured well. The class could stand to be restructured: for example, it would have been nice for the lectures to cover the str() function before our first programming assignment. Overall, this class does seem to be a good choice for a "refresher" course if you already have some experience coding in R, but be wary if you have little to no programming experience.
I would only recommend this course if someone were to audit it, and not pay for the certificate and access to the assignments. This course states that it's for beginners, but I would disagree. While the lecture material was helpful for me, someone with little background in programming, the assignments seemed poorly fit to the course. There was a very large gap in what is learned in lectures and what is meant to be applied in the assignments in order to pass. I understand the instructors want to cultivate the so-called 'hacker's mentality' within the students, but I felt I did not get what I paid for. I wasn't anticipating to pay a fee for this course only to have to go and spend a lot of time on google filling in gaps that the instructors did not cover in order to pass, and still not understanding the assignments fully. I think this isn't conducive to great learning for beginners (as this course stated it's geared towards), and for this reason I wouldn't recommend this course.
This course is very bad. I would like to say this course sucks compared with my sql course no matter how it is structured or how the instructor conducted the course. The instructor is very boring and does not explain very clearly. Even when I start, he does not clearly clarify how to start to use R. He was just talking about what the powerpoint shows. I will absolutely not recommend  this course if you are beginners.  (0 STAR)I will give a little credit to swirl, a practical tool provided by this course to learn R by yourself thought the instruction of the R program itself. But for the later part of swirl, it's confusing sometimes. However, I learnt much more  from swirl rather than from the instructor. I can't understand what he is talking about but you have to make it clear thru using swirl. He said the swirl is an optional part but he does not realized what he shows is much worse than swirl.  (2 STARS)Overall, I don't recommend this  anyone, especially if you are beginners.
Poor quality. A disappointing experience.The lectures are very basic, thought for people that have no experience in programming. This might be ok, but the difficulty of assignments should follow; instead, they can be relatively hard; newbie programmers will probably have an extremely hard time solving them, considering that many of the problems they will encounter are not treated at all in the course.The course does not focus enough on what differentiates R from other languages: just a few videos on data types, *apply functions, and a tiny little bit of scoping (very unclear). All these areas should have been expanded, and the course should have had more arguments as well.Finally, the assignments are not enough and their grading system is quite poor: instead of submitting your code and testing it automatically, you should calculate some quantities by hand and select the results out of a few possibilities.All in all, I was disappointed with the course.
This is a challenging course because there is a marked gap between the video lectures and the weekly assignments. This course will be far more demanding of your time and willingness to fail that the Data Scientist's Toolbox. If you have the time and resilience to search out support materials and frequently peruse the Discussion threads, you will be able to find what you need.  My peers with programming experience confirmed that there is too wide a gap between the content delivered in the video lectures and the demands of the coding assignments. If you decide to take this course, be sure to do the swirl exercises so you get a feel of how the R functions work.  When you grade your peers' work, you might notice that more than a few decided to plagiarize code from others.The videos need to be redone. Effective instructors know that students learn by seeing examples, not by listening to broad descriptions of what a function can do.
From my past experience, I know its not
easy for people to take suggestions. But I still want to have a try this time.I had high hopes for this course, but I am
quite disappointed. I think Dr. Peng needs to improve his teaching
skills.1. Good teaching is clear,
concise, and right to the point.  So
please slow down, speak. Dont mumble.2. Programming is a practical skill. So the
best method to learn programming is to use step-by-step demos. You can talk
about a concept for 5 to 10 minutes but I still cant get it. Use a demo and I
can get it right away.3. Dont just try to cover the materials so
you think you have done the teaching, try to understand how your students learn
and make sure they really get it.4. If you havent covered some concept,
dont assume your students will understand it by magic.A good teacher can make the learning
experience effortless and fun, a poor teacher makes it like a torture.
This course is "1-dimensional" and not of high didactic quality. I have followed several other courses ( also Python in Coursera set up) and this one really disappointed me ( I'm in wk 2 out of 4 now). It is a bit of a pitty that the instructor speaks too rapid ( it is ment to be also for non-native US speakers?). The material is hardly explained step by step. So what I do at the moment: I watch the video and than go to Yuotube to find other videos that deal with the topics in an easier and didactic better way. Examples of good cousres in my opinion are stats and probabilty course/ and the python coursePS "all of the data toolbox" course seem to have  the same flaws.Of course my knowledge level is low concerning  programming ( I am a MD, so hardly scientific educated...). Nevertheless I hope this feedback can be of any good.
This course features great Swirl exercises and decent if bland lectures.  Unfortunately the homework assignments are highly problematic.   They (a) do not build enough upon what is taught, (b) all too often require skills that have not yet been taught, (c) are extremely advanced for what is supposed to be a beginner R programming course and (d) often require you to look up things in Google rather than in the class lectures or exercises.  You can easily put 20 hours or more into this course per week and still struggle to complete or pass it.  I would recommend beginning R programmers to steer clear until they improve the assignments.  If however you're a more experienced R programmer this might be a worthwhile challenge, but I would caution that the assignments are not well-tied to lectures and exercises.
I am very frustrated by the disconnect between the lectures and programming assignment in this course. The lectures are very basic, but that makes sense for an intro-type course. The programming assignments, however, have very little connection to the lectures. I have some experience using software with command-based interface (including R) for statistical analysis, and I am relatively good at searching and finding information independently, but this course was way too hard even for me. I might revisit programming assignments again once I have more time and more experience with the application, just for the sake of completing the course, but I kind of find it silly that I need experience with R to pass the course intended for people with little to no experience with R.
Some of the assignments in the course require coding that is quite a bit more advanced than what is taught.  I felt there was insufficient direction and instruction provided in how or where to begin to complete the homework in week 4 especially.  This made the homework quite frustrating for me as a true beginner in R programming, and as someone with limited programming experience.  I spent a maddening amount of time wandering the stacks and wondering how to even do what was being proposed.  If you are a genuine beginner in R and do not have a lot of experience programming in some other (possibly related) language I would hesitate to sign up for this course.  It is my opinion that previous experience really is required for the course to be accessible.
For my level of expertise in programming, there were huge jumps between what was explained about the R language in the lessons and what was expected from the programming exercises.  So I needed to spend A LOT of time Googling and studying various examples on the web, and then, just trying again and again and again.  No way could I have passed the course in a month if I hadn't been retired and been able to drop everything else to put in the time I needed.  I did learn a lot, but, would have preferred to do it with less wear and tear on my stomach lining.  Also RStudio is not quite as stable or unbreakable as I'd like, nor is there any real way to get feedback on programming style when just getting the answer took 98% of my available time.
There are huge gaps between learning materials (videos) and
assignments. Assignments are very difficult and definitely not for R beginners.
Also assignments' instruction are a little difficult to understand. I wonder if
the purpose of assignments is to exam our reading and understanding abilities
or the skills of R!!!I
also took courses <Getting and Cleaning Data> and <Exploratory Data
Analysis> at the same time and these two courses' assignments are much
easier than the course <R Programming>. Writing function in R really
isn't that easy especially for an R beginner who only has little knowledge of R
packages and functions. I really don't think this course should arrange as the
second course to take in this Data Science course series.
The lectures that the professor provides are quite clear, and the practice exercises created for this course do well to reinforce the lectures. However, the assignments are impossible and have little to do with the material. It is as if one is taught introductory algebra and then given a calculus problem to solve.The professors who designed this course need to go back and review the way they design their assignments because they ruin this course. Even submitting the assignments is difficult as they somehow expect you to know how Github works.  Unless you have taken an R course before or you are an experienced programmer, I would avoid this class. It will be a waste of your time.
Well, I learned the basic of R programing , I very impressed with the assignment questions; they are so challenging and I got a lot out of it. At the same time the swirl package come along with course is so helpful. Having say it, I was very dissatisfied with the way instructor  present this course; it so embracing to teach programing course by reading slides. How so ?????This is not history or music/Art course; you have to show each and every example on IDE. I should have give  this course  a lone star rating , but for all resources come with it made to be nice to add one more.  otherwise 1 star would have been fair review, for there is no rating option below 1 star.
Love Coursera but was disappointed in this course. Being a true beginner w/no background in programming or data science, I felt the programming assignments were way too far a stretch from the Swirl exercises (which I felt were super helpful and beginner appropriate) and lectures. I spent 8-12 hrs on each one just googling and trying to decipher the programming jargon that most responses were written in. I was able to figure out workable code for most problems but I feel like I am still lacking the basic fundamentals underlying the solutions to these assignments and would have a hard time reproducing solutions to similar problems.
The first 2 weeks have too many videos, which make it difficult to follow. This breaks the flow of the lectures and makes a lot of unuseful repetitions.The slides only have words and are hard to follow, no graphs or illustrations, this means that you rely on the voice of the lecturer to guide you, which is difficult sometimes.Furthermore, the code presented is not run 'live', and results are often lacking, which makes comparison with 'my own results' hard to do. Summary: Not that its a bad course (SWIRL is a great tool), just look for another course that's easier to follow.
This course had all the required content for learning to program in R.  However, the presentations were hard to understand.  There was a lot of information jumps that were more than an intermediate level.  I feel these instructors were very knowledgeable, but didn't know how to teach.  They need to understand that when you teach a person to read "cat" you start with the sounds "c" "a" "t" and slowly put the sounds together....  You don't just say cat says "cat".  My previous experience in R & my R "hacker mentality" are the only thing that got me through this course.
The lectures are not very helpful to answer the assignments, they are similar to the help files and provide little practical examples and guidance. As a result you have to learn a lot yourself when doing the assignments, and have no way of knowing if you are coding efficiently/ sensibly. I completed the Python course by Chris Brooks at the University of Michigan before this course, and that was a great example of how to integrate lectures and assignments to test learning. This course might benefit from an overhaul along those lines.
The instructor explained functions to use in R, but did not do a good job of demonstrating how to properly use them in conjunction as the course progressed.  The programming assignments had almost nothing to do with what was taught in the course.  As a person with beginner experience with R, this course required more advanced knowledge for coding in R to complete the programming assignments.  I was very disappointed with the instruction though I managed to get myself through the assignments with the use of google and R help prompts.
Huge difference between the concepts taught and the quizzes/assignments give. NOT for a beginner level coder. This course is good for those who already have apt knowledge of coding and minimum 1 year of coding experience. Would absolutely NOT recommend this course for those learning how to code. Better to first learn Python and then do this R programming course. The ONLY THING GOOD about this course is the SWIRL package, which really teaches the foundation for coding in R, hence the 2 stars, otherwise I was going to give just one.
It feels like this course was abandoned by the instructors. The Programming Assignments are practically impossible to be done unless you have previous programming experience. Other than swirl, it would be very helpful if there were basic optional exercises for those who have never programmed before. I worked hard to be able to follow it, but if I knew how uninvolved the instructors were, I would have saved my money and spent it on a course with active involvement from those who developed it. Disappointing.
The way of talking in the videos is erratic. It looks like he is always in doubt of what to say. His speech is full of "eeer" and non-completed words. I don't mean to be a fusspot, but when English is not your mother tongue, this is key to stay engaged. A script to read would probably solve most of these issues. He seems to have a great understanding of the topics he is explaining, however, not being able to communicate it properly results in a bit of a failure for me. I'll maybe try again in the future.
Although the content that is covered is presented in a clear, logical manner, the expectations for completing and passing coursework/assignments/tests that require knowledge that is:1) Not included in the training materials/presentations 2) Extremely more advanced than a "beginner" level (which is how the course is described)Trying to pass the Week 2 assignment and quiz has consumed an exorbitant  and unnecessary amount of time; I am going to seek training in R Programming offered by another instructor.
This course is *NOT* for beginners. I would not have asked my work to pay for the specialization if I knew it would take me 3 months to complete R Programming.  I have a degree in economics, magna cum laude, so clearly I'm not dumb. Also, I have non-trivial experience with Stata. When I read that this would be a suitable introduction for anyone, I had no idea that what it would really take was a professional programmer (which I am lucky to have as a partner) to fill in the gaps.Extremely misleading.
The content and the speed that they teach you R are actually good. But considering that we now have to pay 45/49$ for the course you will expect more polished videos and quizzes. Some of the videos are just stutters, repetitions and filling words. It's seems like they have been in a rush without decent preparation. Also one of the quiz questions was simply wrong. This should be fixed. Furthermore some of the commands they present are deprecated and cannot be used anymore.
This course is a little too deep into programming and a little light on learning the basics of R.  I would recommend splitting out the more advanced programming concepts in this course and offering them in a course near the end of the specialization.This course should be higher level and give the user a wider view of R.  Currently this course seems to assume significant knowledge of R or programming in general, making it not a good early course in the specialization.
Good intention but the programming assignments were much much harder than what was covered in the mostly theoretical lectures and the more practical but not as advanced swirl exercises.  After reading other reviews of this course, and struggling to complete the FIRST programming assignment, I canceled.  Please do not advertise this as for beginners - I think people who have had some programming experience before would find this great, but not for the newbie.
The videos aren't narrated by a robotic voice-over, which is good!  Unfortunately, they are very simplistic and not actually that helpful at teaching R functions.  The swirl package they have you use is actually a much better way to cover the source material, and I advise doing all the exercises.  Unfortunately the programming assignments are very random and don't really apply what you have just been taught, so all in all I do not recommend this course.
This is NOT a step-wise introduction to R for the novice. Useful in many respects, but the uninitiated to the field need more time, slow increments in project difficulty and more thorough, step by step explanations. I think the designers of the course wrongly assume that ALL R programming should be taught in THIS course which is erroneous; it should be about laying the foundations, on which the student can then expand his/her R programming abilities.
I found this course to be very poorly structured. Although the lecture material was interesting and engaging, very simple examples, functions and codes were presented in lectures and the assignments were completely at a different level. I spent hours researching online to be able to complete assignments. This should not be the case for an introductory course and I do have programming experience, although not in R. Very disappointing and frustrating.
I found that material presented in the course initially seemed useful.  However, the programming assignments go far beyond what was presented in the learning modules and optional practices.  I recognize that additional research is common in coding projects, but I found this major feature of the course to be unnecessarily painful and ultimately unhelpful.  Only do this course if you absolutely have to.  I believe there are better ways to learn R.
The course is interesting, but is very focused on informatics and programming codes, it is not recommended for beginners. If you are looking for a course on statistical programming in R it is not this course. It is a good idea to give the manual for free, although some lessons are tedious and long. It also requires some previous handling of GitHub to complete it, for those of us who are not familiar with the environment is really complicated.
I passed this course with score 95% finished all quizzes, Programming assignments and swirl exercises. but it wasn't useful that much. the videos wasn't interactive, to much theoretical parts...less practical you can't solve the assignments depending on the tutorials you have to google for the answers and know how people can solve the problems.......I recommend if there will be a new version to put these points in consideration
This is a tougher class than advertised.  I essentially had to clear my entire week's plans to complete the first week's assignment, which was by far the toughest.  There needs to be more testing on a variety of incoming skill sets.  The lectures can also benefit from a recalibration, because the lecturer speaks way too fast for newbies and speaks fastest when explaining the most complex concepts. This makes it tough to learn.
This is not an "R for beginners" course.  Be prepared to spend a lot of time learning things on your own.  The lectures don't prepare you very well for the quizzes and assignments.  However, there is some useful information about R here.  Any previous experience in another programming language will be an asset to you in this course, as you need to understand some programming concepts already to complete the assignments.
OMG, talk about throwing you in the deep end with weights on your feet.  Holy Sh!t.  Course 2 week 2, there would be no way a beginner programmer would get any of this pollution project.  i must have spent 12 hours trying to figure it out.  There were functions i have never seen, script no beginner would ever know.  I do not know how long i can keep this up.  Even swirl was over my head... skip(), skip()... BRUTAL!
I came in with not much experience in R and while I found the lectures and the swirl practice problems to be pretty helpful, the assignments were way too difficult for me to understand on my own. This was my first experience with an online course and while I knew I would be teaching myself, I felt stuck while doing some of the assignments and had to use google to help me with practically the whole assignment.
The course suffer the time passed form his first edition; it seems it is abbandon by his editors without improve it in the years. I think the course is not well focused on very important aspects of R programming; moreover the support material and the programming assignment are not well designed and documented, you need to train yourself on other site or in the forum to learn how to face up with assignment.
Not a great course for beginners tbh.... it jumped a bit from topic to topic and all of a sudden certain jargon was used making it difficult to follow some parts of the lecture. Course work does not match with lectures and SWIRL. It's frustrating that you can't apply the things you've learned in the lectures and apply it to the course work... this should be greatly improved. Only really good thing is SWIRL
This is not an introduction to R programming... this is more in-depth than just introduction... in week 2 we're asked to compute and program to read multiple files at once with very specific functionalities!... this is not an introduction to R programming whatsoever... also it requires a lot of user reading from other sources i.e. google, stack overflow... etc...  I don't recommend this to newbies
The course content and swirl online assignments are at the beginner level, but I feel the assignments are above the beginner's level.  The assignments do not align to the course content and the forum has little value added due to the congestion with people asking for assignment reviews.  Recommend stating in the course content the appropriate section in the book (for those who buy the book).
The workload and the structure of the course was vastly different from the previous session. I had a very hard time to follow and to keep up with the pace at times and had to play catch up often. I wish there were more exercises to help the students familiarize with core functions and concepts instead of throwing them into the deep end and wait for them to "grind it out."
I'm finishing the course happy due to the certificate, but I am also very frustrated.
The assignments are very unfair when compared to lecture contents. If you don't
have any previously knowledge in R, it is very difficult to conclude the
course. In addition, the auxiliar materials are in the week forum, and not as obligatory
readings. I am very upset and frustrated.
I do not recommend this course to a complete beginner. There is a huge gulf between the coursework and assignment, I spent countless hours in solving the assignments and eventually had to take help from the internet. The theory part of the course is also taught very dry, where the professor is just reading lines in the slides. I regret subscribing for this course.
While the information provided in the lectures was helpful and instructive, the programming assignments demanded far more information and skill than was provided by the class. This could be rectified by adapting the lectures to reflect the skills necessary for the programming assignments, or adapting the programming assignments to the skills presented in lecture.
This course was difficult for me to grasp. The instructor (I believe) assumes that all participants have some background in programming, and since I do not, I have a very difficult time following the examples. I bought the entire series of classes, but need to retake this one after I read some more from other sources and have had a chance to digest what's here.
The Course is not easy for someone who is new to programming languages, I myself with 2 years of programming knowledge with other languages I found it difficult to understand, the only thing I liked about this course was swirl training it was pretty easy, fun, and clear.Assignment was too hard and the descriptions are not that clear specially assignment 3
You don't really learn what you need from lectures.  While I agree part of the experience is having to search and figure things out yourself, this goes beyond what I would expect.  I have a technical background (heavy database, Data Warehouse, sql, and coding) and it was difficult for me, I can just imagine if you didn't have a technical background.
While one will learn the basics of R from this course, the teaching/lecture material can be improved significantly. One has to do significant research/self-study to do the exercises. The content from the mentors help a lot. Those contents should be incorporated into the lecture material. I like to see this course improve based on the feedback.
The material and concepts covered in the lectures are basic and simple, without clear exercises and practice examples. When it is time to solve the assignements, they overwhelmed you, are far advanced and confusing compared to the topics of the lecture. This is not an introductory course for people without knowledge in programming.
First of all you will get a basic  idea about R programming. Highly suggesting to use the swirl packages  to get a overview of what the theory is saying. but the assignment difficulty level is too much for a beginner in programming. i would suggest those who have a lot of time spending for this course to enroll in it.THANK YOU
good explanation regarding the topics, but they are just rushing into it and they are missing few basics things to tell, and one more thing is "everything is in PPT and there is no explanation or practical by doing coding in Consol" we cant understand until and unless we do in practical right! Rest everthing is fine Thank you.
The instructor seems not to be well prepaired. Sometimes he cant even speak one sentence without "hm", "tz" or something like that. The quality is very bad!Sometimes the contant is too less for the program assigments.It is a good introduction for "R programming" but you definitly need more to get really into it.
The video lectures were not on par with the, in my opinion, extremely demanding programming assignments. I'd say some knowledge of advanced coding was required in order to complete the assignments, or alternatively, lots of time to learn by yourself on google and forums, which wasn't really the point, was it.
Very essential topics, but the instructor's delivery of content is inconsistent, glosses over explanations at time, "umms and arrrs" a lot, talks extremely fast at times. Making this course quite hard to follow.  Disclosure: English if my first language. Not new to programming.  Not new to MOOC courses.
I was really hoping to complete the data science specialization, but I have found the first couple of courses to be not very cohesive. This course in particular was ok, but lectures and application (projects and assignments) had such a wide gap between them I found that I was mostly teaching myself...
The video tutorials are good. But the assignments given are way above the top. The course structure should incorporate those topics also which is expected from the students in the assignments. Restructuring of the course is required. Overall, the course is good for a starting point in R Programming
The assignments are soooooo difficult for beginners. I spent most of my time trying to find solutions for some functions that I am not sure if they can be used. Many solutions used in assignments are not covered in materials and videos. One thing that is interesting and helpful to me is the swirl.
Not built for beginning programmers. Lectures and programming assignments are nowhere close to the same level. A lot like teaching someone the alphabet and then asking them to write a short story in the same lesson. First things, first. I'll probably explore on my own or with free courses/videos.
As far as learning R Programming goes, this course is ok. When I first took this class I was having a hard time grappling with R. As a programmer who knows C++, VB, Java and Python, I felt it should have been easier to grasp. It wasn't until I started doing research outside of this course that
As someone with little programming experience, this course was extremely challenging and I don't think the information taught was enough to successfully complete the course. I had to go to another online education source to teach myself R before I could do the Coursera programming assignments.
Swirl package contents were better than the lectures in the videos. The video lectures introduced concepts without any context, making them difficult to understand. The video lectures also didn't demonstrate anything. The Swirl package was much better at "showing one," "doing one."
This course requires those who already know how to program in R before taking the course.  Although the lessons and quizzes are doable, the assignments are way too hard and is not even covered by the lectures. I had to abandon this course because I could not do the assignments.
The lectures and the book only gave a general overview of what is needed in order to answer the Assignment and the quizzes. This course is only good for getting a general idea of R Programming, but the material is barely sufficient to prepare the learners for actual problems.
I think that teaching a bunch of informations in few videos and after that asking the student to directly write a complex code is something that doesn't work. At least for me didn't work. Big thanks to swirl which was the only reason that I learned something from this course.
Not bad, but certainly not good. I cannot believe there is a style of teaching where you never get to see the best way to do something. I can slog thru the programming, but I doubt it's the best way to do something, but I never get to see how something should have been done.
Good course. But definitly NOT FOR BEGINNERS. The videos and material are well-designed, but for the Assignments you need at least a bit experience in programming, as you need some functions and arguments the course didn't cover. The last Assignment is very time-consuming!
The lectures are extremely boring! I am just watching them to make them green! I have to watch other lectures and read  more by myself to understand the subject. I am sorry to say it that direct, but having a robot reading through the slides would not change anything!
The course is not tailored for beginners . The lectures do not prepare you whatsoever for the assignments. If you want to understand half of the material , you need to complement this course with other R learning material online. This course needs a drastic rework...
So far I am learning more from the Getting & Cleaning Data course, in a more structured and easier to absorb manner.The Swirl courses were good; however, these are freely available outside of this course.The lectures do not seem to align to the course content at all.
This course is for people to know about R if you have never used that, Don't take this course.
When I took this course I did not know anything about R, the videos in this course have never helped me. I had to take other basic courses and search the internet to pass.
Not meant for a complete beginner.  I've spoken to a dozen people who have taken this course, and if you don't have some programming skills, you'll struggle.  I'm not suggesting its not doable for the complete beginner, but the time commitment may be prohibitive.
The exams and  projects are really really hard and make R newbies, such as I, feel very suffering. And these contents are not connect to the teaching materials closely. I think there is large space to improve this course to make it more accessible and learnable.
The things that were taught in lectures were nowhere close to the programming assignments given. Either update the lecture to match the assignments or update the assignments to match the lectures to make the course friendlier and easier to learn for 1st timers.
informative but definitely for people who are far more advanced in background knowledge with R. The professor goes very quickly and the course jumps to new topics without much explanation or guidance. No good way to get help or ask questions if you get stuck.
The programming assignments are way above the information given in the lecture. Extremely difficult to do for people have no previous experience with programming.  Swirl is probably the most helpful element in this entire course regarding learning R.
I didn't like it. Inspite of having done some courses on coursera(like Machine Learning from Stanford, SAS Programming from SAS) and edx (Python, R), many things went above my head. So I have decided not to pursue this Data Science Course further.
The course content was good. However, assignments were complex and not very much linked to the rest of the content. Alhough it wasn't said in the beggining, I believe previous knouledge on programming or on R itself is needed for this course
The lectures did not prepare for quizzes/assignments. Not a class for beginners.It would be better if he used R while lecturing instead of just talking through the whole lecture.I got more out of the swirl tutorials than I did the lectures.
Firstly the videos and the swirl practice were very good and I leart a lot from them. However, the assignments were very difficult. There is a huge gab beetwen the content of the course and the assigments. This course is not for beginners.
Better than the Data Scientist's toolbox, but not a great introduction to R. When I'm learning a new language, I don't want to know about data types and for loops. A detailed example showing the strengths of this language would be better.
The quiz were far advance than the material and somewhat disjoint from the topics.The overall lecture is good but not sufficient for learning R, Week 3 and some parts of week 1 could have been explained far more better than it was done
Far too quickly moves from basics of R to advanced statistical programming. Needs better build up of skills. Swirl was useful, as the videos were essentially unhelpful. Many other better resources on introducing the content elsewhere.
Assignment is way too hard without any guidance - course as mentioned in their earlier lectures are meant to go online and ask. Even so, there is no way for beginners like us to understand what our questions should pinpoint to.
Too short, too simple, too theoretic. I found of little interest the slides, partially interesting the swirl exercise, interesting the programming assignment. I would like to have a longer course with more practical examples.
the course is absolutely not for beginner who has little knowledge of R even they are interested in data science specialization... this should be made clear to avoid waste of time, efforts and budget.. not worth subscription
Very disjointed and no clear progression. While it teaches the basic syntactic rules well enough, the functionality of R is explored in an ad hoc manner where the assignments have little to no relation to the week's lecture.
The assignments are way too difficult in comparison to what has been taught, the instructor already assumes we are from a CS background. 1 extra star just for swirl exercises, they were highly interactive and informative
It is just not a good course for a beginner, especially the assignment 2 is hard to understand. And hope this course can add a little bit material on statistical programming or machine learning session in the future.
There is not much of a relation between what the course gives (explains with the videos and with the SWIRL exercises) and the real exercices they ask to. Too difficult to follow by people new in the programming area.
The assignments were extremely difficult and there was not much of help directly from the  videos or lecture material to learn and do smaller programming assignments that could be used when doing bigger assignments.
A huge lag between what is being taught, the swirl lessons, and the programming assignments. I'd definitely not recommend this course, unless and until you're already well versed with most of the functions in R.
The lessons were easy to understand. However, there is a huge gap between assignments and lesson videos. I personally believe it is not possible to do the assignments with the help of lectures and notes alone.
Swirl is good. lecture are awful. Does not teach the necessary knowledge to be able to pass the assignments. The assignments feels real and the knowledge you need to learn somewhere else to pass is useful.
I don't think the course is setup for a beginner or a person who has never used R...very frustrated with needing to search the internet for help on everything that the course is supposed to be teaching me.
Impossible leap of difficulty between assignments (especially Week 2) and lecture material. Poorly designed and in serious lack of guidance. However, the quizzes help consolidate knowledge from lectures.
Not a great course as said by the community. Most of the assignments are not even related to what is taught by the teacher and the way the teacher teaches makes learning R quite boring and cumbersome.
every time i watched the videos i ended up falling asleep. not at all engaging and professor makes it difficult to learn and build upon basic concepts. my only saving grace was prior exposure to r.
This is not R for beginners.. I am sure many people trying to get into R have been discouraged. There is so much great things you can do in R without making it that complicated as it was done here.
The swirl exercises were helpful, but the video lectures and assignments were not. Therefore, I cannot recommed this course. There are better resources for learning R in general and R programming.
The assignments are highly dissociated from the course material. Also once the due date has passed sharing the best solution would help so as to give insights on what could have been done better.
Lessons and assignments were not aligned, expected beginners to know advanced R topics in order to complete assignments. Good info and would be better if lessons and assignments aligned better.
It was very difficult to solve the projects . I think I should have more coding experience or analytical experience before attempting this course. The practical exercises should be more to do.
This course is not much good because of some topics are not clearly explained Like Loop Function and 4TH week also. Assignment was so much tough and not related to the topics that covered ..
Massive gap between learning materials and assignments. Even with taking notes and going through additional swirl exercises you don't feel prepared for the assignments. Note: beginner in R.
In the lecture, they didn't mentioned enough function to use in assignment. I just stared  to my computer couple hour and didn't know what I should do. T^T  Take many time to figure it out
Good luck! Without prior R background, you will struggle. The professors will be of little help. Post your problems to other internet forums, you're more likely to get help and faster.
Very heavy on math/programming terms that are not necessarily familiar to beginner level, making it impossible to follow the course logic and explanations. Please revise course.
The level of assignments was very difficult, considering the material offered in the body of the course, the r programming task dont fit the learning curve of beginner students
I do not like how the lecturer teaches. It is too theoretical, and from very simple concepts makes rocket science. It would be better to have more exmaple and less theory.
Assignments do not correspond with video lessons. Video lessons has a lot of teorical concepts that are not usefull at all.There's a big opportunity to enhace this course.
Good content, and lots of information, but the lectures are not well associated with the assignments, which makes the assignments frustrating and difficult to complete.
Difficult to follow if you are new to any type of programming. This is not a beginner's course. Best to take this course after trying Swirl, Data Camp, or Code School.
Ultra simple lectures, ultra complicated assignments.  I like the idea of complicated assignments, but please update lectures to show us more complicated examples.
My background is in software development, so I know a thing or two about writing code. I'm about halfway through the course, and I'm really struck by two things:
The material and practice exercises were do-able, the programming assignments were way too complicated given the depth of the material that was covered.
Very poor lecture support for the assignments. So much was not covered at all during the lectures that the assignments were extremely time consuming.
The course content and the assignments are too far apart. I would have learned more if it was better aligned and there were some exercise in between.
This course is not at all beginner friendly, really hard to follow the assignments and the lectures if you do not have a programming or R background.
The teaching and the assignment are not on the same levels. The assignmnet contains contains concepts which are not taught in it's respective course
The videos do not adequately prepare the students of the programming assignments. The instructor should provide more support regarding the homework.
The programming is quire hard. It is very difficult to apply the knowledge from the lecture videos and the book resources to finish the assignment
The gap between the lectures and swirl, and the assignments was much too large. It was hard to transition between the lectures and the assignments
Assignments are difficult, very much coding experience required. Will recommend to subscribe courses on programminghub, codecademy and codecamp.
Way too much way too fast.  Not sure how I would make it better, but I felt like I was learning from googling more than from the course.
Good presentation, but the jump between course materials and assignments is too great for people that are very new to R/programming.
R is a good to know tool, but so many of these process are automated now. You can do this quite easily in XLS or SPSS in most cases.
My review comments can be found in the surveymonkey response survey.  To summarise: I would not recommend this course to others.
There seems logical jump from the lecture/exercise and quiz. Lots of time required to self-learn new things on other websites.
no detailed explanation, everything is left to Assignments expected some more contents with programming examples in the Videos
very hard if you don't have any existing skills in R and the assignments are often not connected to the content of each course
A very steep learning course for beginners, I had to take other introductory R courses on DataCamp to go through this course.
The videos were helpful, but too fast. Not a lot of time is spent on any of the functions of F. Swirl helps but not a lot.
It's very difficult to crack weekly assignments. As examples taken while teaching the functions are not comprehensible.
Had potential, but exercises and quizzes do not align with content taught by professor. This is not a beginners course!
The pedology used here does not interest a learner. It seems as if the instructor is just reading through the slides.
The lecture is too general. Not a courser for beginners. But if your are not a beginner, you won't need this, so
Not for the faint of heart. Extremely difficult and not for beginners. If U pass U will have learned alot...IF
Disjointed and not cohesive. Start with the basics and build from there. The assignments are a waste of time.
Theory and online lectures are fine, assignments are not (at all) consistent with the level in the lectures.
There is a huge gap between what they teach us and what the assignments ask. Had to get a lot of extra help.
Had some good information but did not expect the course to be intermediate level for the entirety of course.
It would be really helpful if the teacher gives more examples or graphs when he explains some concepts.
The lectures for this course do not adequately prepare students for the graded quizzes and assignments.
It's totally difficult for me. Some of the assignments are really hard to work out for me as a novice.
Very good material and lectures, but the assignments did not match with the content of the course.
Presumes having a certain baseline level of programming skills, too technical for a beginner
It is very hard for me to absorb and the professor has very fast and not fluent speech...
The Course is great but the Tasks are too difficult and are not appropriately designed.
This course needs on coding part as videos are not sufficient for solving assignments.
thanks for offering such course , I am looking for more advanced level on this course
Good quality assignments but lectures provided are not enough for these assignments
I bit disappointed with the video lectures. I opted for external resources instead.
The assignment is way harder than what is actually taught in the video lectures.
The gap between what was taught and what was asked was too much in this course
There is hardly any relation between the course taught and the assignments.
Course content did not equipped with necessary tools to do the assignments.
what is taught is kind of abstract, and what is due is beyond the taught
It focused more on Condition function I didn't find this course helpful.
Extremely tough assignments compared to what is taught in the videos.
A little too hard at the end; R isn't a great language, in my opinion
to simple, basic material in comparison to the assignments to solve
There is a disconnect between what is taught and what is assigned.
very difficult assessments compared to the few functions taught.
I get the impression I would be better off learning R on my own.
No preparation for quizes. Google taught more than this course.
Definitely not for beginners, and also not very well organized.
The homework and the lectures are at totally different level.
Too much ppt and theory, while little examples and real code
Lectures are amazing, but the assignments are not adequate
Not good for people who would like to learn from basics.
Disorganized course materials.  Gaps in the materials.
Not really impressed with these courses so far...
programme structure is hard, teaching way is old
Assignments are too hard comparing to lessons
Morely designed on slideshows, not effective.
This course is very difficult for beginners.
This course is not very "beginner friendly"
it's so hard for beginners in my opinion
Pretty advanced and little guidance.
Peng is incomprehensible. I give up.
This is not beginner R Programming.
Assignments were way too difficult
Instructor is not so satisfactory
Need to cover basics of OOP more
final assessment was though
Not what i was looking for
difficult for beginners
No easy explanations
very old material.
I learned a lot of the R basics, but I was completely lost for the week 2 + 4 'write a function' assignments - they strike at a level too high for a complete beginner for me (and that's after religiously taking notes and completing all swirl exercises.)
The assignments are too hard. Wish there were more similar example walk-throughs provided.
First off, I would like to thank you Dr. Peng for making this course. I am really happy to be one of his students and got the chance to learn so much about R programming. However, I am giving this course a 3 out 5 after completing it. The reason is that the assignments and final is extremely difficult and they do not connect so much to lecture videos. This course is 100 percent rewarding if someone can put all of their time and energy into it. But the difficulty is that if you are a starting out your programming journey, then this course can be "VERY DIFFICULT." The workload must be taken serious at all time!!
I am 100% new to programming and though the videos and Swirl exercises were both very helpful, they were not sufficient preparation for the programming assignments. It's the equivalent of giving two or three easy practice problems and then a high-level math test. How is a newcomer supposed to make that leap? That's why I feel this course is really written for working professionals who already know how to use the R language and who are just looking for a credential.  I am disappointed.
It was always too hard to understand this course because of gaps between theory and practice. It will be much easier if you have a lot of exercises step by step mooving us to the final assignment. Like swirl but more sequential.
Questions asked in the assignments were on a much higher level than what was taught in the lectures. I get it that I should do my homework and refer other sources, but that defeats the purpose of watching the videos on Coursera itself.Lectures could be more interactive, instead of simply having a running commentary on a ppt slides.
The assignments were way beyond the scope of what was taught in the lectures.
The difficulty curve was too high
This seemed unnecessarily difficult because I feel there was a huge gap between learning the concepts and the homework. I understand the "developing the hacker mentality" is needed but some things should not take so long.  Maybe I'm just an idiot, but learning curve is huge. My recommendation is to be patient and google is your friend,.
The problems are too large in comparison for what is taught.
A little more explanation on how to program using R constructs would certainly help. The course suddenly throws us deep into the ocean with hardly any experience in swimming.
Assignments are hard compared to the content
I learnt a lot, but most assignments required me to look a lot of stuff up outside of the course. They say they have done this deliberately to encourage "hacker mentality". I agree that we need to learn how to cope on our own, but it ends up taking up hours of your time and seems like a pointless lesson. One reason for doing a course like this is so that you can have access to consolidated and trusted learning materials, which was not really provided. Having said that, the assignments are a good way to push yourself to learn R. But most of what you need to do the assignments will not be provided within the course.
In short, I learned a lot in this cocurse but I would not consider it for beginners with little programming experience. I spent at least 3-5 times more doing the assingtments. The information presented was very valuable but the pedagogical part was not well done. The chunks of information were poorly connected between themselves, making the learning process tidous and hard to achieve. The visuals were very sloppy with only white slides and a font too small. For these reason the lectures were boring and unappealing. My suggestion is to take more care of the didactic aspect of the course. Many times I had to watch YouTube videos on the same topic that I had just seen, and I can say that a colored diagram made all the difference between understanding everything and not understanding nothing at all.
The course is too ambitious and some themes are explained in a very plain and boring way. I can't say you will learn nothing, the course isn't too bad, but if you have no prior experience with programming o even if you have but not in R, the course programming assignments will be a little difficult and the material. If you want to complete this course you will have to invest a lot of time searching for things and/or waiting for help in the forums. 5/10
I learned something, of course, in this course. But without previous experience in data science, I found it OK to understand the lectures, but always got lost in the coding assignments. I tried to finish it on my own, but it turns out I have to search everything online. I felt that there's a big gap between lectures and assignments.
This course was not what I've expected. The functions lessons were not achieved, because it was not teached well.
very good course but you need much more time then announced to finish the assignments
Tutorials are indispensible for students to complete the assignments.
This course is for programmers.
Needs to be more interactive
The best part of the course is the swrl exercise. I really don't like the other aspects: 1) the video format of the classes, where 1a) the speaker improvisizes and then continuously corrects what he says, making it very difficult to understand the new concepts. 1b) Also, one potential advantage of the video format could be to observe things while are done on the screen... on the contrary, we generally can see only slides where everything has been already typed (making very hard to understand at what part of the script the speaker is referring to each time... maybe using a pointer would be better, so that he can direct our attention at the parts of the scripts he is commenting...1c) Also, the very few times we are showed a real screen, the quality of the video is so poor that it is impossible to understand anything. 2) the material offered are very poor. After watching these poor quality video, a text reference would be incredibly necessary. On the contrary, we are almost always only given a transcript of the video, which means that we have no clean text we can refer to. I really don't like the lack of formality of this course. 3) Additionally, the slides that we watch on the video, most of the times are not downloadable. 4) And never ever the script showed in the video are made available, 5) having the exercise reviewed only by peers is conflictive, people will tend to give the highest mark just to be friendly or out of fear in case a revengeful student will give a low mark in the next assignment just because we marked their assignment honestly...
I had indeed to look for codecamp to practice all the small commands how to deal with vectors. Swirl does not allow you to follow up so clearly. I wish you guys could implement a little R interface so we can follow you closer.The last project quiz demands you a huge amount of time, if you do not have much experience. They could shorten a little the questions. I know that one takes to the other, but I only had time to finish the first and understand. Yes, perhaps I am not the best, but you are offering the course to people who are not born programmers. I think that it would benefit strongly from a clear distinction between how to deal with vectors, matrix, data.frame, etc. separately instead of the huge videos with bullet points of the potentialities. We need to practice more, I like theory and I know how important, but I dont think that I learn much from the lessons or quizzes how to code something like the last part. I dont think it build my knowledge until I understand how to create that script for week4. I had to look around in all the internet, buying books. Read more.  Just my opinion. I think you guys could give small scripts or asking smaller tasks to lead people until they understand how to build that. Also has its positives, I really learnt great tips and technically I know a lot of R potential.
Some of the material was not useful in completing the assignments.  Profiling was not useful in this regard.  While it is useful in the real world, it was unrelated to the assignments.  Also, Better examples of functions like lapply, tapply etc. besides using random data would be more likely to make sense what the function is doing.  Also, there are references to statistics/statistical methods that the student may have no background in.  This is also not helpful for explaining the material.  The video content is largely just reading the text of the slides.  It takes much more time to watch the reading of the slides than just to read them.  This is not the best use of video.  Neither is watching the instructor sitting in his office talking.  It would be better to see a concrete problem solved, and explain why the steps taken are used.  The problem could be related to the assignments but different enough to not be copied.  I had to rely heavily on online resources and help files to get answers to things I think should have been part of the course material, as this is an introductory class.
The course may be rather hard for someone without earlier basic experience in R or in programming. It's not bad, though some aspects could be discussed more in depth. The whole course refers only to basic functions of R, it does not teach tidyverse package, which is much easier to grasp for beginners.Anyway I'm glad that I took this course, as now I understand why tidyverse (especially piping, filter, arranging) is more intuitive than original R functions.The assignments could be written more in context of what is taught in the course, they either introduce some new concepts (which should not take place at the stage of testing) or do not test some important aspects of the course (debugging, profiling).Prof. Peng is true expert in R. If you listen to him carefully and occasionally use other resources, as he suggests, you'll succeed. But do not expect prof. Peng to explain you everything in "for dummies" way.
So the course is a mixed bag.  PROS: The lecture content is useful, albeit a bit dry. I can't give them too much slack for the dryness, after all it's coding. However, they could have shown more real-time coding, rather than just scrolled through powerpoints with the Command Window pasted. You definitely need to have R open when following along with the lectures. The quizzes are also quite useful, as you're required to know both the background of how things work and use the commands learned from the lecture.CONS: The assignments assume you know a lot more than the basic knowledge, and there's no real way to know how to do the assignments just from the lectures. The quizzes tend to be on the easy side and the assignments ramp things up quite quickly. There's no intermediate material to test your skill. You have to have worked in R to have even a minor chance at succeeding on the assignments.
Well the material is really good but i don't like the fact that since its supposed to be for beginners that we have to use stuff we really didn't see or explained in detail at the lectures so as a result i have to search long hours in the web.I understand seeking information is part of the course but spending so many hours trying to figure out things is not really the ideal,since people who choose distance learning are most times occupied with other duties and try to squeeze the courses into their schedule.I also think the amount of information especially on the first week that i just finished is too much for just one week and for someone new to the subject.I am currently taking another coursera class 'Python for beginners' which i can say is very comprehensive , step by step and is intended to beginners. Also, there  is great support from the instructor in the forum.
Week 2 and 4 programming assignments were an excellent intro to R syntax.Week 3's "lexical scoping" programming assignment had ZERO value - the concepts were confusing and completely un-necessary for a beginner. The provided code was unreadable. A "mentor" posted an explanation of how that assignment worked on the course forum - it took a monument to programming pedantry to explain how the code worked.To anyone else planning on taking the course: Take Weeks 2 and 4 seriously. Don't worry about Week 3 - just copy & paste someone else's answer to get through it. (That's right, I advocate CHEATING to get through this.) The pointlessness of Week 3's assignment is the only reason why I rate this course a "3 star". If the Week 3 assignment is replaced with something more productive, I would gladly change the rating to 5 stars.
The course is a good introduction to R programming. I learned a lot from it, however, it was very very frustrating at times. The quizzes and assignments have very little to do with the videos or textbook. There is very little guidance overall. The two assignments that I was the most able to benefit from have videos on YouTube with a step by step description of how they should be solved. I tried to solve the assignments first, then I watched the videos and was able to understand why my functions were not working, so I went back and edited them and they worked! I think videos going over the assignments or quizzes - that could maybe be made public after you try to submit at least something - would be of huge help. As it is, the course doesn't prepare for the assignments and there is no guidance while doing them.
the videos are super boring and i think the should come with the text option like the data scientist toolbox.also the hesitation when the teacher talks is a huge problem, the bot doesnt have that issue and tbh its a bit clearer to understand.IMPORTANT: the depth of the lectures is quite poor vs the assignments, and as I understand that the use of documentation and help forums is paramount, I consider that the lectures should at least mention ALL of the functions with which it is expected to carry out the projects. for the second programing assignment even though I was able to use the example in the instructions to carry out my solution, I have to say I just don[t understand the reason why 80% of the code lines should be there. that sort of lecture or instruction is clearly missing.
although it gives an introduction to R, however the structure of the course overall was not up to expectation or objectives of it.the videos were very much theoretical and boring. Introducing too many concepts (although basic) was not related to the programming assignments. I had to google almost all assignments. It's arguable that this is one way of learning and more of realistic. But on the contrary, as I'm paying to get the knowledge I shouldn't be wandering around to understand something that should've been taught in the lectures.Moreover, I think that the videos need to be updated, the mentors need to be more involved in the forums, and the way the slides are presented within the videos should be more interactive or dynamic rather than being just captured lines of codes.
The lectures give the bare minimum of information needed to complete the actual assignments. There is absolutely no way to complete this course and the assignments without prior experience in programming or R itself. The code needed to complete the assignments is not explained in the lectures, and if it is, the lectures give little to no guidance on how to manipulate the information to get your desired results. Online communities are a godsend in completing this material. I understand that learning to code in R is an independent process, mainly one of trial and error, but without the proper foundation (which is barely provided here), one finds themselves agonizing and floundering completely in a sea of information that mist be deciphered on your own.
This course is not for the faint of heart. The course materials only give you the fundamental concepts but the assignments are extremely challenging. If you have no previous experience in R or computer programming then be prepared to spend hours researching online and experimenting with different techniques in order to get the assignments done. Also, the assignments are very time consuming, so I would advise that you complete the lectures as early as possible so that you can spend most of the week working on the assignments.  Nevertheless, now that I have reached the end of this course, I must say that I learnt a lot about R over the 4 week period. If you are up for the challenge I would recommend it.
Dr. Peng and colleagues communicate well and provide a reasonable overview of the R platform. I took this class hoping to take my reasonable prowess in Stata and bring it to R. The biggest gripe I have is that the course stuck almost entirely to how to program in R rather than how to perform statistics in R. Given that the historical purpose of R as described in the course was to start using it for statistics and then learn additional programming as you go, this approach to the course seemed a little backwards. I have a reasonable working understanding of R as a programming language but now I am on the lookout for a course that can let me apply my statistical knowledge to working in R.
Swirl lectures were very innovative and helped me significantly to grasp the topic. They can perhaps be updated to get into more examples/complexity- especially *apply functions and base graphics.The lectures were dry and difficult to understand. The instructor though experienced was adding only a little bit more to slide content. Often I was able to read the slides but instructor was still reading off that. It would have been great to point out that more practice will be required to gain significant expertise in R and any direction to get more practice. Overall satisfied and appreciate the efforts taken to set up this course. Only made these suggestions to improve course.
In general, the course enabled me to understand the semantic and syntax and be able to process data with it, using basic functions.I also want to highlight that I really liked "swirl" and it is a great tool to get into the subject!Where I would encourage you to do better are: * the slides of the ppts are in low resolution and the fonts are two small in my opionen (there are also no colours) * Dr. Roger D. Peng did not speak that clearly and often he go muddled. * The assignment in week 3 is pourly explained and only some further explanation in the forum could clearify the major aspects. Also it was quite unclear for me, how it is related to the learning content of week 3.
Course lectures do not adequately prepare students for the exercises.  Lectures were very basic and the programming assignments required a lot of learning beyond the lectures.  By supplementing with info from other online searches i was able to learn enough to complete the assignments.  I feel like I learned a lot this way-- however-- i really didn't need the course to do this.  I don't feel that the course lectures added anything that i couldn't have found on the internet.Also-- if you can't stand the sound of people swallowing and slurping when they talk-- you might want to avoid these lectures-- I couldn't stand the slurping noises this guy made when he talked!
Dr. Peng is great at teaching, and the lectures are not hard to follow. The recommended e-book is almost a transcript of the lectures' examples, and I really recommend getting it (I got it on print, as I like to make annotations while following the videos).That being said, the Programming Assignments are extremely difficult for anyone with no programming background. The Assignments do not require just what is being taught, and demands a lot of google and stack overflow research in order to solve the problems. If you are doing other Coursera courses and/or working at the same time, I recommend you invest time in this and do not let the assignments for the weekends.
I really struggled - coming from a zero programming background.  I recommend tons of reading, practical exercises, swirl is a bit of a savior and so is stackoverflow.  Even with all of that, I struggled to get my mind to think like a programmer and structure the thoughts into plans for the assignments and tests.  I think there needs to be a course before this that teaches one what the first step of solving a programming-related problem; eg one that focuses on flow charts, breaking down the question, etc...  It literally is like learning a new language : you need to keep reading and practicing and watching/listening to others do it until you start to get it.
This is a very challenging course. The slide-based quizzes and programming assignment up till the third week are fairly easy, however, for an intermediate level course, the programming assignment on week 4 is very tough. I found much of this course more as 'R as a programming language' than as 'R for statistics and data analysis'; the latter was what I was looking for. On the positive side, the course gets into the nuts and bolts of R and gives an overview of many different aspects of R as a programming tool. All in all, I found many new things to pick up from the video lessons and programming assignments, but there are equally many rooms for improvements.
This course was mostly self learning.  It gave me a framework to go along but what is presented in lecture and assignments are completely different.  The discussion board and mentors are really good resources and can provide pointers to move along.  It is definitely not a class that can provide sufficient information to learn and build applications, but the individual's effort in  passing the quizzes and the projects will.  It is up to the student to figure out through stack overflow, youtube, and other search result to figure out how to complete these assignments.  I believe the assignments given from this class are realistic to real-world situations.
I have few observations - R tool - Outstanding Swirl packages for self practice - Outstanding Assignments - Outstanding except Lexical Scoping Assignment (Lexical Scoping) - Even , completes it in R, the real challenge comes to extract from github, which is really time taking and tedious task. Since I am not an engineer or any background in any programming language, I found it difficult to understand it from lectures. There are so many missing links. Or may be the course is so crisp. I watched multiple youtube videos to understand all the theories side by side. The course could have been framed in little better way.
There is an incredibly wide gap between the lectures and the exercises presented on Swirl and the coding needed to pass the assignments. So much so that I didn't have to tools to approach the assignments with what I feel comfortable using. This is a huge detriment to the learning objectives of the course.At several points, I contemplated quitting because of this consideration. I imagine it is a huge hurdle. I have no coding experience, but I am traditionally a good student so this is frustrating. This is my first Coursera sequence, though I have taken online classes before through more traditional universities.
Overall, a somewhat challenging course due to the complexity of assignments not matching the lectures.  The lectures were simplistic, which would be acceptable for this course level, but applying this information to the assignments went well beyond what the instruction given.  I would not expect the assignments to be a recitation based on the lectures and expect their difficulty to increase.  However, I spent a considerable amount of self-learning to complete the assignments.  I would have spent more time, if it weren't for a couple of contributors/mentors on the discussion forums helping us along.
Assignments and swirl package were useful, but lectures were unengaging to new learners because material was taught in a very abstract way. Real, concrete examples in the lectures, maybe presented through an R programming interface (shared from instructor's screen) may have been more helpful. Also, issues on programming assignment frequently pop up that were not covered well in lecture. For example, assignment 3 had issues with entries in the csv all being factors, so we often had to convert those to a more useful format. I didn't feel the lectures prepared me well for that challenge.
To start with the positive, the swirl exercises on the R console were very good. By far the most helpful thing about this course, and probably worth enrolling to have access on its own. Five starsBiggest complaint: the programming assignments were significantly too advanced for the first level of this course catalog. Their lack of instructions also make it impossible to complete without some type of external guidance. Thankfully, the message board assists with some - but far from all - of these issues. One starVideos were average, some more difficult to follow along with. Three stars
It was a decent introduction to R programming IF you already have some programming experience.  I would never recommend this as a first programming experience to a novice programmer.  That would be like throwing someone who has never swam in the Atlantic without a life boat!  That said, if you have some programming knowledge to begin with, the Week 2 and Week 4 programming assignments were good. Week 3 was disjointed; it had NOTHING to do with the lectures from that week. I found the Week 3 programming assignment to be tor easy and, frankly, not very valuable as a learning tool.
I wanted to love this course so bad but unfortunately I couldn't.  There was a great distance from what was taught in the lectures and what was asked for you to do in the assignments... and It's not a matter of knowing how to program. I know Ruby and Python but R is a very peculiar language itself. Perhaps they should invest more on gradual exercises like the one they advised to do on github or some easy statistical exercises... Now I don't know if I should take the next module or if I should look for something out of here where I can learn R.  I see potential on this course.
Being familiar with Python but not R, I didn't find this course too challenging. It is, however, rather topical and I would have liked to have spent a lot more time studying how data frames are organized and how to slice/subset them quickly - this really needs to be hammered into us as budding data scientists! Also, I felt that the lexical scoping assignment was contrived and frankly so complicated that I didn't really absorb what I was supposed to be learning. That being said, the last assignment was great!All in all I thought this was a decent intro to R.
I enjoyed watching video lectures and doing swirl exercises. They provide a good overall understanding of basic R commands and functions. The biggest weakness of this course is that weekly programming assignments are way beyond the level that you get from the videos and swirl exercises. Basically, you will need to figure out how to do them on your own through extensive googling. There is almost no guidance in the videos or other course materials. I am feeling like I wasted considerable time on those assignments because of that, hence I am giving 3 stars.
As a student of Computer Science and Engineering, I have done extensive coding. The course material is very easy to understand and is readily available in the book "R Programming for Data Science", written by the instructor himself, Robert D.Peng. However, I found the programming assignment for the 4th week quite challenging and took quite a bit of fumbling through the help manuals in R and using search engines. Students who are quite young in the art of programming will find the course assignments very difficult to understand and code the solution.
I understand that it must be a great challenge trying to teach R in four weeks. I feel the lectures were clear, the supplemental swirl assignments were beneficial, and that the discussion boards were fruitful. However, the assignments were ridiculous. Google is your friend with this course, as always, but if you're looking to gain a lot from this course, pay close attention to the lectures and the supplemental assignments in swirl. The assignments, in my opinion, were beyond the scope of the lectures and supplemental assignments.
There is a big disconnect between the lectures/learning material, and the actual programming assignments. Being new to programming, I found myself lost and lacking the "creative thinking" that seemed required to complete the assignments. The lectures taught a lot of new material, but there was no connection between weeks, and cumulative examples were lacking in order to teach newcomers how to tackle creating complex functions. Overall, I did learn, but I was left feeling disappointed once I encountered the final assignments.
The classes could and SHOULD be much better: deeper content, more references and material for reading. The video classes are really loosely tied together and aren't engaging. My perception is that I had video classes on one extremely superficial subject, while the assignments were different and considerably harder. I do not have a problem with hard and deep assignments, I quite enjoyed completing them, but I had higher expectations for the contents of the course itself. I do not believe it's worth investing in this course.
The video lectures and reading presented material well, and the programming assignments were reasonably well constructed, but there was a very limited relationship between those two elements of the course (the lectures/readings and the programming assignments). Because of this, according to the literature on teaching and learning, the course itself will have little to do with how well students retain and use the information. Perhaps the material here will be reinforced in later courses in the data science specialization.
The course videos and quizzes were really good. But the assignments are not even remotely approachable by the learner . The student can never complete the assignments with the  things taught in the course. Only if we refer a lot of other materials and sample programs can we at least start to guess which functions to use in the assignment code . More sample programs are to be provided by the tutor so that the learner may become more familiar with the structure and usage of functions and other stuff in the code.
There is a high disparity between lecture content and the knowledge required to complete the assignments. It would be great to have a complete walk through of each assignment, showing the different ways in which the same functionality can be created, after having submitted an assignment. This would really had helped me to better understand why something is done in a certain way and improved my understanding of how R works. Currently there is zero feedback on completed assignments, which does not aid learning.
I had to search alot in order to complete this course. There isn't enough guidance for someone new. It would be very wise for a course review. It should have been more videos,  analyzing real life examples and how a new learner should try to solve these problems. It was a real dissappointment for me. Swilr from the othee hand was an excellent tool which i really enjoyed . If swirl had somekind of explanantions of how you do something or what is the process for solving an iissue, it would be perfect!!
Even though the video lectures, discussion forums, swirl & reading resources are informative, there is a huge disconnect between the assignments & what is taught. It is impractical for people who have just been introduced to R(with no background in programming) to take up this course. The graded assignments should be made simpler or should be preceded by smaller ones which help first-timers get used to coding in R. I do not think Swirl; even though a valuable resource; achieves this task remotely.
It was a little difficult grasping functions as I didn't have much programming background. The swirl practice modules were great but I wish they constructed some lessons that would build a function from top to bottom like we were asked to do in the programming assignments. The lectures, swirl practice modules, and quizzes were great but they all re-iterated the same basic information. I wanted to learn and practice building more functions by applying the basic information to do complex tasks.
It is easy to follow, it should be a 2 week university course, but IMHO it should cover more about the data type problems that can arise with R loose data types. It is focusing too much on the code profile concept without leaving interesting knowledge about that. It should cover better the native idea/implementation about computation as single instruction multiple data, which is not well covered. In the end, this is one interesting aspect of the language that makes it useful for data science.
This course does a good job of presenting R concepts to users and I felt that the lectures, quizzes, and swirl assignments were all in line. However, when it came to the R Assignments, they required knowledge beyond that which had been taught in the course. I believe this is the intention, though not a gradual way for a beginner to learn R. Additionally, peer-grading is flawed in that fellow students who don't know the correct answer or couldn't finish their own code are grading everyone.
It was a good class to begin with however it would have helped to tailor it more towards newcomers to programming language in general. I also would have like it if Roger would have highlighted or circled, or something to specify where in the slide he was talking about. I felt that at times it was hard to follow where exactly he was talking about and what part of the code/function he was mentioning. Im a visual learner and that would have been greatly beneficial.
Overall a good crash course and introduction to R. Its a lot to learn in 4 weeks and some of the assignments were challenging (which I liked). I think the course is worth taking but I do wish the material and assignments were packaged better - more aligned. Just be prepared to spend a lot of time online reading, researching, and learning some concepts on your own. Don't expect to learn everything from the lectures and materials to be successful in this course.
1) This course is NOT for beginners in R programming. Huge gap between lectures and assignments. Swirl lessons are cool, but anyway they don't explain enough.2) I understand that studying is not always a joy, but lectures of this course are boring. First, slides come with brief comments of instructor. And second, it seems like the instructor speaks with no preparation as there are a lot of stammers, tongue slips, "sort of", "kind of" etc. It annoys a lot...
A difficult course to follow. If it where not for a random hidden forum post with an additional lecture for the programming assignment 2 I would have struggled to understand quite what the assignment wanted.Programming assignment 3 was also difficult for a novice coder and I felt out of my depth when comparing teachings to assignment. I think the course could do with more lectures and increase length to at least 2 weeks. Good points, hell I learnt a lot.
This course would have learnt itself better to interactive-based learning. It took me a long time to build R scripts because a lot of what I needed to do was not covered in the lectures. Because of the wide experience range of students, the assignments should adhere to what is covered in class with an option for extra credit questions.I will continue on the track, but will also pursue an interactive learning option to supplement what is taught here.
The course content is fairly good but the learning curve for the given assignments is very very steep especially the Week-3 and Week-4 programming assignment. I couldn't complete the assignments by the knowledge gained the video classes, and to depend heavily on the internet. I think the course makers need to re-evaluate the assignment's difficultly, as for a beginner who is just starting out in R Programming the assignment are pretty difficult.
I seemed to have technical issues with for loops. certain things would work on a friend's computer, but wouldn't run on mine. The tools explained in the weekly lectures seem completely unrelated to the weekly programming assignments. I lost a LOT of time with the week 2 assignment because of the lack of guidance. I would have been completely hopeless if I hadn't found the reading section that actually taught the skills needed for the assignment.
Well, this course was very informative and forced me to delve deeper in R programming; However, If I were to recommend this course to someone, I would think twice before doing so. There are few things that one should consider when taking this course: a) Lecturer speaks very fast and sometimes it is very difficult (or even impossible)  to follow; b) material provided and explained during the lectures does not coincide with actual assignments.
The course requires a lot of commitments from the learners. The videos were comprehensive but I often felt I wasn't sure why I was learning certain things. The swirl practices were very useful. It's the difficult coding assignments that made me realize why I was learning all those things in the videos. I felt quite a big sense of achievement after completing the final assignment, but I have to say it was not an easy learning experience.
Very challenging course. Very difficult for those who are completely new to programming. It's not a good course if you don't have any prior knowledge of programming. The assignments were totally irrelevant to the lectures. You can't apply the knowledge that you  gained from the lectures to the assignments. But, personally I had fun solving the assignments but that's only because I have some experience with programming beforehand.
I am a beginner in R but I have done programming in college many years ago. The structure of this course needs more guided practice, specially with lexical scoping and the apply functions. I was able to complete Week 4 assignment using what I've learn without using any apply functions. The discussion boards were really helpful when completing the programming assignments because the professors explain them further there.
If you are a beginner, this course's assignments will be quite difficult to solve but not impossible. Nevertheless, the course will give you the incentive to try and learn on your own, with the help of Rforums, the Coursera discussions, Google etc. I would appreciate it if some things would be explained in more detail. A beginner most definitely needs more time to spend on the course than the hours estimated.
The course was interesting and I sure did learn a lot about the R but it wasn't as "beginner" course as I thought. As a person who did not have any previous knowledge regarding computer programming it was quite challenging for me to keep up with the course. I would recommend learning the basic structures and methods of R Programming before taking this course if you are not familiar with computer programming.
This course is too easy and more like a user manual,  I wish there are more "Why" or "principles" inside. because the most important thing is to know "why". In my eye, "functional programming Principles in Scala" is this kind of real course that after taking it (it is not my priority right now so I will delay to finish it for a while). I can get the sense of the most important feature of a new language.
There is a wide gulf between the lectures and the exercises presented on Swirl and the coding needed to pass the assignments. So much so that I didn't have to tools to approach the assignments with what I feel comfortable using. This is a huge detriment to the learning objectives of the course.But i still enjoyed many parts of the course as i got to learn something very new to me.  I enjoyed Swirl too.
The videos and swirl (programming practice) are really good. The homework assignments seem like they could be really great, but the topics they cover don't really coordinate with the lessons for the week. I found myself spending significantly more time Googling and watch YouTube videos, rather than using the provided course materials, in order to scrap together (very messy) homework solutions.
I really do not like the R language, I think it is sloppy and inconsistent. This class did ok teaching the basics of R, but it did not do anything toward teaching testing of R code (a key part of writing code!), best practices for modularization and factoring, and so on. In other words, it teaches you how to write R code that kind of works, but does not teach you how to write good code in R.
This was a very difficult course for me. Since the instructions for the programming assignments were very hard to understand. I referred to many sample codes in stackoverflow, and GitHub, and initially I was confused, but after many attempts to model my code from the samples I saw, it made a little more sense for me. I guess I really need more practice on the syntax, and commands of R. :)
Learning R is very interesting and applicable.  It is something I plan to continue, but not in the specialization offered here.  The main reason being that the  difficulty of the assignments seemed far beyond the material presented in the lectures.  It could be that relevant examples on using applicable functions to aid in completing assignments were not presented in the lectures.
The course teaches you very valuable basic R programming skills. It is definitely good for the beginner. Unfortunately the lectures and course materials do not adequately prepare you for the programming assignments which is frustrating and time consuming if you actually want to write the code required and not cheat.The structure and functionality of Coursera itself is excellent.
I felt as though there was a large disconnect between the material presented and the programming assignments. It took much longer than expected to complete the assignments and required further research on my behalf. This course is a good starting point to build a foundation in R, though I will most likely be expanding that with other online learning courses to feel comfortable.
This course has huge difference between what is taught in it (theory+practice in swirl) and than required in programming assignement!no expanations almost of anyting what is  required to write required code!!!I strongly recommend to update this course structure - to explain step by step how to write program code, and give assignments which will be the same what is taught!
Even after doing the swirl exercises, I felt as if some of the lecture material didn't have great enough context for me to completely grasp some of the concepts.  It just felt like some of the material was all over the place at times and when it came down to doing some of the quizzes, I spent more time hunting down information that I did actually learning the material.
course videos and coding assignment are disconnected. if someone like me have no prior coding experience than better avoid taking the course. first learn R then enroll.many  concepts are skipped in R.hope this course is upgraded as standalone course for R from beginner to expert. I am thinking to return to the course once I fig out R from internet than continue
I've found course extreamly usefull. But I have strong software background and easy get difucult topics. For the beginner it would be challenging. Also there is a lack of info about statistics used in lectures, quizes and assignments. A lot of staff was done without understanding. Also there are significant amount of mistakes in subtitles for lectures.
By the end of the course I felt I had learned a lot, but it was mostly from researching material online and in other books, as the material covered in the the lectures was very basic. The assignments were interesting and challenging and the mentors and experienced people putting comments and support material on the discussion forum were very helpful.
Feels like there is an extreme disconnect from the tutorials/lectures and the programming assignments. The programming assignments, were at times, rather difficult and had little to do with the lectures from that week. Overall I feel like I have a decent base in R, however I still feel like a lot of concepts were lost/not explained thoroughly enough.
This course will dive you into the deep understanding of R from the very basic level. However if you do not have any prior programming experience, then think twice before enrolling in this course becacuse the programming assignments are too much difficult for the beginners. Overall the course is very interesting except the programming assignments.
I think there is an enormous gap between the lectures and the assignments. I would never be able to do the assignments without help. I think the course content is excellent, I learn a lot, but I miss assignments at a level that the students can apply what they have really learned. A step further than swirl, and behind the current Assignments
The content is good as far as an introduction goes but I'm not sure that I actually learned what I signed up to learn. I completed all the readings and viewed all the lectures ( a few multiple times) but still had difficulty completing the assignments. I felt unprepared for each of them despite their not having a high level of difficulty.
Huge leaps from course content in lectures and reading materials compared to what's expected on assignments. Such leaps may not be significant to experienced programmers, but could be discouraging to complete beginners. I had considerable help for a lot of the required content/material, which were not always covered in the course.
I have some programming experience, but I often could not understand the questions being asked in the programming assignments. Not because of my skill level, but the lack of clarity in the directions. I felt that I learned a lot while taking this course because it held me accountable, but the course design could be much smoother.
The instructor gave us homework on materials that were not taught in the lectures.  This was a little unfair. It may be the way to teach for in-person learning but it is frustrating for an online course. Others have commented on the rapid pace. I would not mind the rapid pace if the materials presented were also the ones tested.
I wish there were more function examples that go step by step in explaining how to construct them from a simple function to a complex one. I felt that was lacking, which having a refresher guide in what we learned so far while constructing our functions could have gone a long ways in doing that, even with the swirl application.
Good course, and I learned a lot. However, the programming assignments are too advanced for people with only beginner level experience with R or programming. It took a lot of extra individual and extracurricular effort to complete those assignments as a beginner - I think this should be made more clear to prospective students.
Thought this course could've been much more effective.  The content felt very random and esoteric at times.  Especially the programming assignment on cached results.  I get it.  I'm a programmer at heart.  But this is at the margin of usefulness.  How about a segment on running regressions?  Or doing some real data analysis?
I like the whole experience, but there are some gaps between sessions and weekly projects. I think this course can be improved with adding small tests between each session and providing  several exercises as complimentary material. For understanding many topics I watch many other videos on youtube till I grasp the concept.
I feel the course is distributed unevenly.  Some concepts are just randomly explained, giving a slight insight (not really helpful). I know it's a vast subject, if it can't be covered in a single month's course, then it doesn't have to. I feel the course is crammed up into a month's schedule. The subject needs more time.
The instructor's classes are simple but the tasks, functions and others were really complicated. I needed to search a lot in forums to complete it, but it was frustrating in several situations. Anyway, I learn a lot of things that i didn't know about the program and I am very thankful with this course and its material
I give this course 3 star not 5 star because the level of programming assignments are bit difficult as compared to level discussed in lecture videos. Although lecture videos are very informative but beneficial only for very basic level programming and to solve these programming assignments lots of learning is needed.
The material developed per unit is  generally insufficient to cope with the difficulty if programming assignments mostly by week 3. If you don't have a solid background on programming in general and have no knowledge of statistics you are most likely to spend more and more time to get through this course properly.
Assignments and the course sessions were not in sync. Wished the course sessions could have been a little more extensive, so that we could work through the assignments with some more ease. For a beginner like me, wished the sessions could have had more examples to relate to while working through the assignments.
Good course. Goes over a lot of important and useful information. Give you a good base to start learning the R language. The material presented in the course does not include much of the knowledge you will need to complete the assignments so it requires a lot of learning outside of the course/Coursera.
The videos were really boring to watch...all the information was thrown at your face at once, instead of having some exercises in between, which made them really painful to watch. They should have a "video followed by activity" scheme, instead of "video, video, video, video...and finally, big task".
Lectures, quizzes, and SWIRL exercises are informative and useful. However, the programming exercises do not match up with the difficulty of the rest of the class and for a beginner trying to learn R nearly impossible. The programming assignments need to match up better with the rest of the content.
good, but the assignment difficulty is too great in weeks 2 and 4, requiring too much time for a working stiff to complete. There is too large a gap between the lecture/practice material and the assignments. This course may be better suited to folks without full time jobs, or who already can code.
Useful enough, but lacking quite a bit in terms of examples. In 4 week course, I feel as though there is so many other aspects of R the course could choose to focus on. Seems to at many times focus on obscure, areas not essential for the data science track. Way to much focus on Lexical scoping.
The assignments were very different from the swirl and lecture videos. It took quite a lot of other reading and online research to finish the assignments. I did learn as a result, but would have been good to have reading references in the course itself that would help with the assignments.
This course will introduce you to basic R programming and provides helpful exercises. That said, the lectures are dated and the assignment structure is not particularly helpful. If you are new to R, the instruction and practice exercises will not adequately prepare you for the assignment.
Generally good, but I didn't like the exercise on lexical scoping. I think it is to advanced for a beginners course, although what we had to do was quite simple, since only minor changes to the example code had to be done. The purpose of function closures still isn't really clear to me.
Teaching is good and programs were explained clearly but questions asked in assignments were really harder than the tutorial. I know that I have to refer other books as well but if you provide some more example programs(Level : Hard) in tutorial it will be helpful to do the assignment.
I'm taking the course because I want to learn more about R, but the methodology is not good enough. Is almost impossible to solve the assignments just with the book and the classes. The exercises are fun and I like the Swirl, but you can't do those kinds of function with just that.
Decent course, however, the choice of some topics was a little perplexing. I still don't know what I would ever use the Lexical scoping example for. The relevant assignment gets people to cache a matrix using a convoluted method. Couldn't we have just done it by saying  = ....  ?
It was quite tough - If i did not have prior experience in Python, I would have been completely lost. Otherwise, it was quite a steep learning curve into the material. Would probably not complete the other segments of this specialization as the reviews are less than stellar
The lectures talk about fundamentals; however, learners are supposed to solve much more complex problems. I think the lectures should be enhanced by solving some problems and giving learners some helpful thoughts. In general, I did not find the lectures acceptably helpful.
Very simple course instruction and materials with difficult programming assignments.   I understand having a student stretch for an assignment, but this seems more like incomplete instruction.  Definitely a lot of work if you only have a statistical programming background.
Important information to learn. the lectures are ok but the examples he uses are complex and complicate the point. This man is clearly smart but teaching to beginners challenges him. The quizzes are not just a stretch of knowledge but very disconnected from the lessons.
There was a significant gap between the material taught in the lectures and what was expected in the programming assignments.  The assignments were quite difficult and the lectures should have covered more examples of what students would encounter in the assignments.
It does not make any sense that the assigments are too difficult, they do not help to improve my abilities in R. If you will continue giving assigments like those, you should try to improve the videos and the books by making them at the same level of the assigments.
I thought the course was good, but there was too big of a gap between the lectures and practice exercises and the programming assignments. If I had to do it over again, I would have completed the Getting and Cleaning Data course before attempting week 4 of this one.
I have never learnt R before. So for me i learned a lot.But like everyone else i too felt the assignments were too difficult for what was taught in the course.But still it was a good learning experience and it taught not everytime the problems are what you expect.
Overall not a bad course. Needs some tidying up though. For example, the assignments seem to assume knowledge of functions not covered in the prior lessons. Same applies to the textbook, e.g. page 50 refers to the subset() function, but it is not actually covered.
I think is a good course but it's important upgrade the difficulty of the materials(lectures etc) to achieve the final projects. For me, it's was complicated doing it only with the lectures.The level of the programming assigments is higher than the lectures.
Much of the methodology needed for the assessments is not taught within the course teaching and requires that students learn this independently from the discussion boards or external internet sources. Really such material should be within the course itself.
I spent a year coding, working on other programming languages and came back to this one a second time.  I had the same exact learning issues as before. Luckily I had a better background but still had trouble going from lecture to exams.  Swirl() is great.
Lectures were very boring. Putting slides on the screen with bullet points is just lazy. Assignment 1 and 3 were fun and very useful to learn how to make functions. Assignment 2 was horrible, as it introduced many things without proper explanations.
there were several things required in the programming that was not covered in lessons. Without help from other programmers and googling a lot I could not have done this. Very complex for beginners. Also documents not updated with current information
This course has really good information and explains things well, but there is a major jump to the assignments and requires prior programming experience. I am happy I took the course, but can't give it a higher rating until this issue is addressed.
The level was a little bit high to be an introduction. This specialization should have 2 R programming courses, instead of the introduction that is very simple compering with the second one...  Anyway, I have learnt a lot and I am quite satisfaied.
The Programming Assignments (specially the Programming Assignment Week-4) were quite difficult and not self explanatory ... Although we learned some topics during the course, the entire set of tools needed to complete the Assignment was not given.
There is a big leap in the skill level between what is needed to complete the homework assignments and what is needed to complete the final programming assignments.  I think more focus is needed on the structure and technical design of a function.
Lectures were rather weak - did not adequately prepare learners for homework. Also, googling issues often led to others posting homework online asking for help. I would exit those sites, but it appears it is time to start offering some updated HW.
I felt that the programming assignments were not explained well enough, things like different syntax that wasn't explained and such. If the class required a lot of outside research not included in the class, they should mention that more clearly.
It would be better if it was more interactive. The videos aren't very helpful for a beginner programmer, and the assignments are pretty challenging. I still feel like I learned something though, but mostly from swirl which is a pretty cool thing!
Everything begins slowly and everything is nicely explained at the beginning. But then suddenly the level of difficulty escalates ... for someone without any previous knowledge it is nearly impossible to finish the assignments independently ...
I have to say i learned a lot from this course, but the relevant between the course' videos and the assignment attached as follow is less. Even though i finished to watch every video, the process of finishing the programming assignment is hard.
A bit of a deep plunge if you've never coded before, yet too shallow to satisfactorily introduce someone skilled in other languages to the many peculiarities of R. I don't envy instructors trying to balance these two needs in such a short time.
This course is very thorough, but I did not feel that the lessons often prepared me for the programming assignments.  I found that I was frequently looking on the internet for additional resources and finding that I was definitely not alone.
The course material discusses basics and the quiz questions involve having to learn and implement much more than what is taught. Taking a sample question(or something similar to what is asked for in the quiz) and explaining that will help.
Course was good, but the material covered was at a fairly high level and done too quickly.  This course could use some demos and since its a core foundation for the rest of the courses, maybe it should be a longer more in-depth program.
I thought this course varied pretty widely between the basic, building block nature of the videos and swirl exercises and the difficult assignments. I did not feel as though the curriculum set me up to be successful on the assignments.
Difficult course. Prior knowledge in programming clearly a big help to adequately follow course material. If no prior knowledge is had, then following the lectures swirl exercises and completing the assignments is quite a challenge.
The assignments were much tougher that the teaching material.The lecture dont even cover lots of things that are required to complete the assignments.The lectures need to include more contents for the students to solve assignments .
Course is quite interesting. Swirl is a very good platform for learning. Assignments while might seem difficult, can be tedious, but still able to complete. If one has background on programming such as Matlab it will certainly help.
The course is excellent and cover many tasks that usually you perform with R. However, on my opinion assignments are not really focused on the topic of the classes, they are not really explained and above the grade of the classes.
Extremely hard programming assignments for people with little or no programming background. Even though these assignments were truly challenging and difficult to complete, the course complied with some of the proposed objectives.
The programming assignments are a great way to get your hands dirty with R, but this is not a course for someone without any prior programming experience, and I found the lectures didn't have much connection with the assignments.
There is a huge gap between the content taught in the lectures and what is tested in the assignments. Other than that, it is quite a good learning experience IF you have a decent amount of experience with programming beforehand.
The course's program assignments could've been framed more clearly to understand better, especially the corr function in program assignment 2 and the last program assignment, overall the course was a good experience to learn R.
Very challenging course for a beginner with well designed assignments. Terrible lectures however. Most learning is self led using Youtube and Data Camp. The supporting material provided via the discussion forums is very useful.
The course materials do not give you enough to complete the assignments. The coverage is only cursory and you need to do a lot more extra work and research to get even close to the standard required to do the final assignments.
It's a very useful class, but difficult without prior programming knowledge. A lot of things you need to know to complete the assignments are not covered in lecture. I spent a lot of time googling different pieces of knowledge.
The course is good but  the lectures seems to be a little bit disconnected from the assignments. I would suggest to include lectures more dynamics. Though, I learned a lot from the discussion forums and from swirl () program.
Too complex, not all people will use the specific things that you teaching in this course , but almost all the people will need to use some things that you not teaching here, like for example using external models functions.
If you have no programming experience in R, this is not the course for you,There is no link with the programming assignments and course slides. But a practice assignment is proposed at the beginning of the course in week 2.
Gets progressively tougher but loses momentum in the end. I highly recommend taking additional courses in R as the programming requirements are not exponentially increasing and by the end it suddenly peaks to a huge demand.
Definitely not designed for students with no prior programming experience. Lecture videos are easy to follow, but assignments are much more difficult and took me a lot longer than the suggested amount of time to complete.
Very little useful information from lectures which help in completing programming assignment. Would it be too difficult to add one or two lectures on 'apply' functions with more details on how to use them for data frames.
This was a decent introduction to R, but my main issue is that the Data Science specialization is so dependent upon the R language.  This course really should be more focused around Python or be more flexible in general.
It was very educative but I find some assignments are quite hard to be done with the given course materials. Working on challenging assignments was meaningful but still I wish they were more directly related to classes.
While the lectures were informative, the assignments are much too hard and include a great amount of material not covered in the lectures. The best part of the course is the "optional" (but not really) content in Swirl.
I feel like the learning to the application of the course is a very steep curve. There wasn't enough guidance given to help you through the assignments. We were often thrown straight into writing a complex R Script.
i feel this courses needs to be split into two different streams. One for beginners and one for people who are more comfortable with coding and R. I think that the learning curve is too steep for a part time course.
There is an incredibly wide gulf between the lectures and the exercises presented on Swirl and the coding needed to pass the assignments. It would be appreciated if the course goes in-depth with those concepts too.
Good introduction and definitely helps get started! Given we have video lectures, concepts could have been explained better by demonstrating on the R console instead of showing static slides and verbal explanation.
The materials in the lecture seems not sufficient for completing the assignments. I can understand that we are expected to do more by ourselves but it is not very well planned for an introduction level course
the assignments have nothing to do with the presented material.  Would have liked some practice of the concepts presented in the lectures as opposed to learning new things just to be able to do the assignment
there is a quite a lot of gap between the course and the assignments either the course must be more comprehensive or the assignments must be simpler even a longer course would have been much better thank you
The assignment were quite difficult and I have there is not a match between the knowledge that are given and the assignment that are requested. If can do all on your own it's ok otherwise it's frustrating.
Very theoretical; massive gap between the course (theory) and the tests (application). Basic fundamentals are covered in the course but the quiz/programming assignments expect a strong working knowledge.
It's a huge leap from the Data Scientist's Toolbox course. Insufficient guidance in writing long functions and excessive amount of time needed to be spent in researching on how to write such functions.
I think that the course is good but the assignements are totally not at the same level of the explanations, except for the last assignement. The last assigment provided more information and more hints.
This was actually pretty hard. I felt like the questions asked in the quiz were considerable above and beyond what was taught - and the amount of R itself taught felt like being thrown in the deep end.
I got a lot of out of it, but I felt like the programming assignments were of major-league difficulty when I'd been equipped for the minors. That said, the lectures are very clear and I learned a lot.
Quiz and especially assignments were poorly written. Spelling mistakes in slides is simply unacceptable in high-level academia, in my opinion. Especially for a course designed for a global audience.
The swirl() exercises are a nice tough, the videos are dry and stale, the exercises WAY more difficult than the material covered by the videos.  A tough slog  but that's one way to learn, I guess.
Overall good course. It could explain things in more detail and be more practical in the teaching method. Also, they could evaluate better what they actually  teach regarding the assignments.
The overall structure of course is good for Beginners but the programming exercises are too advanced as compared to what is taught in this course. Kindly, tone down the level of assignments.
I found that there was a huge gap between the level of coding demonstrated in the videos when compared to what was required to complete the assignments. I liked the content delivery methods.
There is major gap in the course syllabus and the assignment tasks. I have to always spend hours on the internet to accomplish my assignment goals.It would be great if this gap is bridged.
The assignments are moderate in difficulty. However, they are often not related to the lectures from the same week. At the same time, a lot of topics covered in lectures were not applied.
nice course, nevertheless it was way too challenging. I believe this course would be much better if it would be a 12-week course instead of 4, and it would go slower through the material.
I am finding it very difficult to follow, feel like I am missing a chunk of information. However I will say that everyone else seems to be managing so it is probably me missing something
no comment with the content, however, as being slightly obssessive, the way of the lecturer uses when talking, and the sounds of the lecturer, just made me only want to see the text.
OK as introduction to R, the course works through data structures, functions, etc.  Swirl exercises are helpful.  Assignments involving basic data analysis start to get interesting.
The difficulty of the assignments increases fairly dramatically week over week. It might be more productive to scale this content more gently by dividing it into a two-part course?
In some cases I felt the course lecture (video) was bit tough to understand and few things could have been explained better.   The Swirl complemented and filled most of these gaps.
poorly thought out course. Assignment does not evaluate what you learn from the lecture videos but rather explores new topic. Nonetheless, it still teaches the basic R programming
Mostly a good course. However, the synchronization wasn't good with the course material and quiz/assignments. All of the required skills were not covered in the video lectures.
This course will teach you a lot but it is very difficult. The programming assignments are very challenging. I would not recommend this for someone who has never used R before.
Content covered is great. Assignments take a very large leap in material from  the videos. I would recommend making swirl lessons required and adjusting difficulty accordingly
some knowledge needed in the programming assignment is not covered in the lecture, my friend and I spent so many hours searching around and debugging in order to figure it out
The course is challenging and the exams use real-world data. The sequence of the course is not linear, the exams are too difficult compared to the material covered in classes.
I'm not saying R Programming has to be a gripping subject, but this course is pretty dull.  The value of good teaching methods is often underrated in transferring knowledge.
Useful content, but the assignments often don't consolidate what's been covered (i.e. aren't summative), instead introducing new topics which requires independent reading.
Good course overall but assignments have too little guidance in how they should be completed and can its easier to use material from future lessons to solve the problems
Lectures were a little disappointing but I learned a lot with the programming assignments. The assignments were difficult and quite time consuming but worth the effort.
The course is not for absolute starters, i recommend having some background of R prior to taking this up. The assignments and exercises are good to gain some knowledge
I could not complete it as 100% because of a bug, in week 3 quiz and week 1 quiz. in week 1 2questions will never get a correct answer. Same case with week3 quiz.
Video lectures were not very engaging. Assignment No. 2 causes student frustration unnecessarily. There's other and better ways to encourage a hacker mentality.
Don't get me wrong, I did learn R programming from this course. But it was not well designed and the assignments didn't always mesh with what was being taught.
For whatever reason, my biggest complaint is that the coursework did prepare me very well for the assignments.  This was frustrating and somewhat inefficient.
The programming assignments are way over the level for this course. Is nice to make it hard but too many things I never fully understood from the assignments.
Very very tough for the beginners.  Without high background knowledge of statistics, only having the programming skills are not enough to complete the course.
The course had too much stuff crunched (and poorly explained) in too short a time period. That said, I got something out of it using a self-directed approach.
There's a gap between what's covered in the lesson and the assignments. I had to go elsewhere to fill in those gaps. Otherwise, this is a very useful course.
Assignments were way harder than what was taught in the videos, did not pay attention on various objects used in R and also on how to correctly write codes.
Huge gap between difficulty in assignments and lectures leads to frustration at times., but overall the course is good. The swirl exercises are excellent.
For an introductory level class, the progression of the classes could have been more gradual. Classes and assignments seemed a bit disconnected at times.
There is a large gap between the course material and the assignments. Requires A LOT of extra research to complete if you do not have prior R experience.
Nice course, but the gap between video lessons and programming assignments was too wide for me. Would have loved more guidance towards the assignments.
more programming assignments and long course duration to introduce a step-by-step learning about the features of R can be done to facilitate learning.
Overall good, but some major information missing for completing assignments, + very hard to understand the speech of the lecturer Peng in some cases.
I think this course could have been twice as long with all the material that was covered in it, especially compared to the Data Scientist's Toolbox.
To less MP to understand what's the core processing method in R, but over all a nice language course for someone who has learned CS courses before.
R Programming is seeming difficult more hour courses are required to be initiated for making this language better learn among scientific community.
It seemed like course material had little to do with the assignments. Teach us how to read alphabets and assignment is to write poetry. Big jump!
i would have preferred if the advance topic were touched . things like plotting etc plus more hands on exercies and hacks for reducing code size
I understand why R was chosen to be the statistical software package chosen here, but I personally don't like it and professionally use SAS JMP.
Assignments don't always align to the course content....In terms of usefulness and coverage of this course, this really is just the basics of R.
Huge gap between programming assignment and lectures. Need to seek other resources to be able to solve/complete the programming assignment.
it is NOT for beginner, the student should have "more than average" in the programming languages, in order to get benefit from this course.
There's a huge gap between what is taught and what is expected in the assignments, the course is good but needs to be more comprehensive.
Great course. But to be frank it was the "Swirl" exercises that did 80% of the job. The lecture videos weren't at the level I expected
Lectures and exercises are very good. Somehow assignments are not related to the lectures or exercises. Assignments are too difficult.
Solid course overall only complaint is the programming assignments are a bit difficult to do based on what is taught in the lectures.
The main exam is to difficult. I feel there was a huge leap from theory to the actual finishing hospital function which was complex.
The last coding assignment was way beyond what was taught in the lectures, the syntax search eats up most of the assignment solving
Lectures and the homework are not quite relevant. The instructor explains so little on programming, but the assignment are tough.
Disconnect between lectures and assignments. requires significant amount of extra curricular research to succeed in assignments
Lectures were too quick at times and many of the assignments had little to nothing to do with what we were learning that week.
Seems outdated (content is 5 or 6 years old). Assignments are challenging as the videos and readings cover only the basics.
Very challenging assignments! You learn a lot. Please, give more complex exercices to prepare before the final assignment.
Assignments are really usefull, but there is a lack of content relation between them and the content of the course itself
The video lectures were different and the assignments are very high level.  Very difficult to understand the assignments.
The course lecture was ok, Swirl was pretty good. The assignment was confusing and the instructions were not very clear.
Course lectures are good but course assignments and quizzes are sometimes too difficult and not covered in the lessons.
Not practical for beginners. Probably useful if you already have extensive experience with other programming languages.
Huge gap between theory and programming assignments, however quizzes are interesting and require some time to complete.
Be cautious if you haven't done any programming before... you'll learn with this course but it will be kinda painful.
I think the jump in difficulty from week 1 to week 2 is discouraging to many students with little to no R experience.
Assignments were too advanced and with the knowledge from the lectures it is not easy to figure out the assignments.
Good course. I would request that the instructors work through modules in real time that are similar to the quizzes.
Only beginner level understanding. more examples could help. Lexical and Dynamic scoping concepts not really clear.
The lectures are good but the gap between exercises and assignments is enormous. I cannot recommend to a beginner
Challenging, but it gives a good idea on rprogramming, should be taken with other learning tools outside coursera
Good course content. But gained more from the course text book and Swirl() exercises than the instructor videos.
Course content and Assignments are not equivalent to each other. Please try to maintain the standard. Thank you.
I learned a lot in this course but found the assignments far too advanced for the subject matter we were taught.
I am happy with what I learned in the course but there is a gap between what is taught and the assignment given
Very light course if you have previous experience programming. I expected there to be a lot more hands-on work.
It's ok that the instructor always talks fast, but he stammered a lot. Wish he could speak everything fluently.
The course should cover more R Packages and their usages, to bridge the gap between tutorials and Assignments.
Is weird trying learning to program in R without ever programmed before. even before learning to manage data.
Need way more content, and accesibility to begginers, gap between theory and practical exercises is too big!
Lectures and notes were not satisfactory. They weren't sufficient to do the weekly programming assignments.
The course needs an  update. Really poor presentation of the material although a lot of things are covered.
Assignments are a huge step up in difficulty compared to lectures. It is like there are lectures missing.
The programming assignments were way too difficult compared with the material presented in the same week.
I felt some assignment required more knowledge than the course had offered. Overall this is a good course
its good and still more programming problems can be discussed to ease the learners to dive interest in R.
the presentations are very hard to follow, it requires a lot of extra time reading the professor's book
The lectures were a bit hard to follow and the assignments were way harder than the topics in lectures
Much of the material is learned via googling.  Do not look to the course videos to be enough to go on.
Training material and assignment levels don't match up. better training material and videos expected.
examples are way too easy compared to the disproportionate difficulty of the programming assignments
I wish there were more in-depth exercises at an intermediate level before what we got in the exams.
Too big the gap between lectures and assignments. Only partially filled by the task of the mentors.
There seem to be a big gap on what was taught and was was given in the quizes. Overall it was okay.
Assignments are far more challenging than they should be. Course content is good introductory to R.
Could do a better job of teaching more of the fundamentals involved in the Programming Assignments.
The gap between teachings and assignment is quite large. This is definitely not beginner-friendly.
The pace of talking of some of the intutor is too fast, if slow down a little bit, will be better.
there is a wide gap between the videos, practice assignments and completing the required projects.
It was very difficult for me to follow the exercises, since I don't have a programming background.
Some good information, and a good course platform, but I didn't feel all the parts fit together.
Way too wide a gulf between the material in lectures and practice exercises and the evaluations.
The homework is more harder than what I learned.  The errors in speaking made me uncomfortable.
materials didn't cover everything necessary for assignments, and time requirement was not clear
Very large gap between instructional material and programming assignments; perhaps too large.
Assignments are not good representations of course materials. The Instructor speaks too fast.
compared to the assignment, the course should have used better examples during the lectures.
It's ok... they get a bit into some R stuff that seems archaic once you use the tidyverse...
I found a several of the assignments did not relate to the material covered in the lectures.
It is not a beginner friendly course. Learn R from somewhere else and then take this course.
The assignments were tough as compare to the course content. Specially assignment of week 4
It is a huge step from the material to the assignments, more support on assignments needed.
To many text on the slides. Video resolution is not adopted for smartphone (Asus zenfone 5)
The assignments are a little not related or more complex than what are there in the videos
the homework in this course is too easy to make me feel that I have made a great progress.
Simply not tough enough...Maybe more topics regarding class programming should be covered?
This course does not teach thoroughly. There is no direction or lead in to best practices.
I'd say good if you are well versed in R already BUT for me...a little too much too soon.
Not very clear instructions. It can go above the head at times. SWIRL part is the best.
Assignments are much more advanced than what is taught and course matter is also less.
Demanding. The peer reviewed task in week 3 is not adapted to the material content.
Nice course, sometimes a bit too abstract. Could do with some more vivid examples
I am not very happy as even after learning I am not able to use R language much
This course will be difficult to complete if you are a beginner in programming.
I learned from the lectures, but the lectures didn't prepare me to do the hmwk.
Many of the quiz's and projects had no prior material shown in the course work
Concepts often included assignments on material that had not yet been taught.
Assignments were tough as compared to the video courses and swirl exercises.
videos are good but assignments are too difficult specially the swirl ones ,
Good course but some flavor of plots  especially ggplots would be very good
Programming assignment level nothing compare with swirl ir clases content
Assignments are difficult and are not fully related to the course videos.
The exercises ae far more advanced than the lectures and study materials.
Bit tough and the professor's were rushing through the course in videos.
It is good. but can be made better by adding more practice assignments.
Quite difficult to digest for a beginner. Hope the examples are easier.
Assignments are way too tough than than what is taught in the lectures
The assignment doesn't correspond with the content of classes closely.
The connection between lectures and assignments needs to be improved.
Too much stuff is taught without teachings the basics of the language
The assignments which are given are way harder than taught in course
It's okay, the explanations are mediocre as well as the assignments.
what is taught through the instructions doesn't have as much depth.
You learn a lot in the course; however the assignments are tough.
The course videos are hard to follow.  The Swirl package is good
I miss practical exercises that can be used to prepare the quiz
Huge difference between difficulty of assignments and lectures
Assignments are way tough than what is taught in the lectures.
the swirl exercise along with the course makes much more sense
The assignments were very hard to beginners in programming.
The course is good, but a little too advanced for beginners
very fast course that can be difficukt for young progrmmers
Excellent Course.... But I want that in Python Language...
I think this course is not friendly enough for beginners.
basic introductory materials with challenging assignments
Theoretically it is fine. No much practical examples used
Kind of difficult for someone who never programmed
the assignments are difficult without instruction
Good, but need more data/videos to solve the quiz
It is not entry course! Please be well prepared!
assignments where too hard for the given videos
The contents are too basic and poorly explained
It could have much programming assignments...
Extremely useful introduction to the basics.
Good, but you can make it more interactive!
Its good but found it a little theoretical.
This was a very necessary but boring class.
Programming assignments are way too tough.
Assignments were too hard for beginners.
Quite difficult for beginners but useful
I already wrote a review of this class
Instructor's video is not very helpful
Good Introductory course on R language
quiz and assignment level is advanced
Hope this to be more interactive  :)
Very interesting course - Thank you.
It was a lot tougher than expected!
The assignments are too difficult!
course assignments too difficult
Needs to be revised and improved
it is not a course for beginner
Should cover bit more in detail
Pretty short introduction to R.
not the easier way to learn R
good but very time consuming
in course purchase make th
Needs clear instructions
course is really fast
a little fast paced.
straight and narrow.
nice to learn:))
homeoworks are
Need Update
too fast
Very cha
I would be cautious to recommend this course to a complete beginner. I had been using R for about 6 months before starting this course and found the content challenging. For instance, topics like lexical scoping covered in this course are usually tackled in a more Advanced R course. For a complete beginner into R, I would recommend a book like "R in Action" by Robert Kabacoff or the course on Udemy by Jose Portilla.However, if you have had some exposure to R and would like it to take it to the next level, this is an excellent course. It will force you to learn things on your own. Read the documentation of R functions, peruse through stack overflow and really step up your game.
Great course, however I think it is particularly hard for those who never had programmed in R before. Moreover I think the Programming Assignments were quite hard regarding the topics being discussed during the weeks.
Great course to start getting your hands into R. While the lectures are OK and the Swirl exercises are great, the course falls a bit short in building you up to tackling the weekly programming assignments. I had to spend a lot of time researching on my own to complete the assignments. I don't mind that, but I could do that on my own without paying for the course. I'm paying because I want to learn R quickly without spending hours researching what could have easily been described in the lectures. A lot of times, the course mentors in the discussion forums provided the best guidance. I would have liked each programming exercise to build upon the last one, so that at the end of the course I would have a great R product to review later. As it is, each programming assignment can stand on its own. When learning to programming in a new language, I prefer small, quick victories that build upon one another to accomplish a great task. This is the reason for not giving full 5-stars. Otherwise, Dr. Peng does a good job at providing material. And, be sure to check out his podcast, Not So Standard Deviations, to remind you that even people who have been in this field for years still find some areas challenging. It gives us R beginners some mental support.
This is an excellent course but be warned, the programming assignments are difficult. If you do not have any coding experience, the assignments may be a bit challenging for you. But with the help of the internet and Github, you can complete them with no problems. The course content is great. All the videos and information are for beginners and are very helpful. The best part of the course was the swirl exercises it had you complete in R.  Swirl exercises acquitted you with the programming needed for success in R. Overall it is a great course. Just understand that the programming assignments can be challenging for new timers.
The only feedback I have is that they should try to incorporate more examples (simple real world ones would be great) when explaining concepts in R, because otherwise it is quite dry. The things you learn in the individual lectures give you a very basic idea of the functionality without much insight on *why* its important or *how* it can be applied...I found most of my solutions/answers by googling and using swirl a bunch of times. However it is rewarding if you power through it and have A LOT of patience, especially if you are a beginner with no background in programming (like myself).
For the background, I am a graduate in Computer Science with 3+ years of professional experience in software development.I found the course to be challenging enough, and equally rewarding. The swirl exercises are good and help you practice the commands in a guided setting. The programming assignments were very challenging. I ended up working on them for 7-8 hours on average. Assignments were designed to make you investigate and study on your own (this really helped in my understanding of R).Surely, I would recommend R Programming. However, novices in programming will have to invest a lot of time and effort on their own to navigate through the content for significant gain.
This course is tough if you have zero background in programming. I struggled alots especially in the last assignment.
Homework and programming assignments are not related with videos.
Nice, but limited explanation for beginners.
Some concepts weren't clearly discussed
I give this 4/5 because I feel it's an enormous intellectual leap for most people.  I have a heavy computer science background because I minored in the subject.  (I say heavy because I think many people taking this course might have little to no background in CS.)MOOC 1 was very easy and elementary.  MOOC 2 gets into programming concepts that most students wouldn't learn until a second or third basic programming course in computer science as part of their undergraduate degree.  I found the projects to be quite difficult.The course says you don't need to know Linear Algebra, and I suppose you don't, but one of the programming assignments has you performing a matrix multiplication.  I took Linear Algebra thankfully, but I fear that the learning curve on this course became very steep and it happened all of a sudden for most people.I will admit that I struggled and had to Google things frequently.  I think that many students will be lost in MOOC 2 and not continue unless they have tech-heavy education prior to taking these classes.Do not expect your time output in "R Programming" to be equal to that spent in "The Data Scientists' Toolbox."  You will spend much more time re-watching the technical lectures for the quizzes and trying to find the very small tricks needed in order to implement the programming assignments.Still a very valuable course though.  I did learn a lot and was grateful for the opportunity.  I will have to wait until my life is less busy in order to take MOOC 3.  Thank you Dr. Peng!
I was initially going to give this 3 stars but it would have been a biased score as I found the programming assignments too hard otherwise everything else was great, so I've added a star to counter my own bias.The programming assignments for a novice like me who has only completed the Data Scientist Toolbox course (which was the only prerequisite as far as I know but may have missed this in the opening spiel) would have significant difficulty completing and comprehensively understanding the programming assignments in any meaningful way (i.e. to reuse the knowledge in a different context or question). 
I completed all of the videos, swirl programming tasks, took fairly decent notes, exams/tests and still had to look elsewhere for much more guidance than I would have thought necessary on the programming assignments as I found them too hard to do on my own. I am not that smart though and this review can only capture part of  my own subjective experience. Other than that, as I really enjoyed learning about R and analysing data in general as well as the way Robert Peng's teaching style and demeanour I really enjoyed it. Trying to work out if my failure to understand and reapply is a lack of my fully grasping the material and if so whether to continue grappling with R and programming in general. I've started the third course of the specialisation so will give you more feedback once I'm done there. 
Thanks very much for the course and keep up the good work.
I really enjoyed learning R and stepping up the skills for using R. I really appreciate this great opportunity to learn exquisite classes for free at home. I do think this is as amazing as the Industrial Revolution. It is the Educational Revolution!  BUT it seems errors occur (in some assignments), and I feel the level of classes is getting higher/tougher suddenly. I feel overwhelmed and challenged from assignments in week 3. &YOU GUYS TALK TOO FAST. (well, it surprisingly didn't affect to my understanding though).  PLEASE! like myself, there are many many ESL students taking this course. I really don't think my English is poor (trust me, my undergraduate major is English lit and i wrote my final thesis for master's degree in ENGLISH as an ESL) but sometimes doing assignments and understanding lectures were challenging...Maybe that's because it takes time to get used to all the technical terms that has nothing to do with my major or career so far. But I think, not just JHU, but all the good universities providing courses need to consider ESL students who wanna learn more and pursue their dreams. Also it will be really great there are more ways to earn some degrees and more support for using the knowledge and skills I learned here for my career.  (with reasonable price!)Thank you for the wonderful course, JHU! Hope I can go to JHU in US someday.
The course was a rapid cursory introduction to R. This being said, I recommend breaking the course into multiple separate courses and including more depth (with further practice) to guarantee that the student has truly achieved mastery. I supplemented the course with courses from  DataCamp and Udemy, and only now (after completing the course here on Coursera, reading the textbook(s), and additional practice through the online training by Udemy and DataCamp) can I say that I am gaining true proficiency in R. This being said, the course was very well organized, had great examples, and excellent lectures (although the audio could be clarified by quite a bit using a higher-end microphone, preamp, interface, and affordable audio production software such as Reaper to clarify the voice).
The course was great. Having no background in programming languages is surely a set back to complete this course. The first time I enrolled for this course, I cant go any further than a week. But in my second attempt I was determined to complete it and I did it. What I understand is, if you have passion to learn R , this is a nice course but you cant rely on the class teaching alone, there are quite a number of blogs from where you can get help to complete this course. I felt a huge gap between assignments and the teaching; means, one has to struggle a bit to complete the assignments. But may be thats how one can get better with the nuts and bolts of R. Again, the course discussion forum and a few blogs can guide you through to understand and complete the assignments.
This is a good overview to R Programming, though the lectures leave much to be desired, at least for a programming beginner. Watching the videos left me confused about key concepts, which I absorbed much better through the Swirl interactive exercises, the discussion forums and other examples online. Of course we are supposed to be "hackers," but I enjoyed this course much more once I just turned off the video, read through the slides and focused on other areas where I could learn the concepts.Also, the discussion forums were great for helping with key issues, and the homework assignments were also outstanding for making sure you absorb and apply concepts. So it's worth taking - just keep in mind the videos may not be for everyone...
Learning R in 4 weeks was quite tough. I haven't done serious programming for the last 25 years but the way in which the course was structured, assisted me in getting through the difficult parts. I battled the most with the notations, ie. when to use <- or = or ==? Also things like when to use ( or [. Might sound trivial to you, but for a first timer it can be quite confusing. I have come across a few "cheat sheets" which has helped me a lot. I am still using it and I'm busy with course 9 now. I don't think one should call it "cheat sheets", rather call it "summary sheets". If I can make a suggestion, I would like to see some of these "summary sheets" included in your courses as part of the supporting material.Thanks a lot.
A very hands-on course, you get you hands dirty, so to speak, since the first hour. A few important notions are given and then it paces up, introducing you to several concepts required to handle data using R language. The Swirl exercices are greately educational but even then, I saw myself feeling a little overwhelmed at times, not being able to cope with the flush of useful functions and different ways to subset, create and transform data. This being said, I would say that despite the fact that the concepts are transmitted in an easy-going way, there is a lot to master here and the practice exercises sure are welcome. If you are doing the Data Science specialization, you are just getting warmed up... :)
Although this course covers quite a bit of the fundamentals of R programming, you will need to use the web quite a bit in order to complete the assignments if you are not familiar with R. I could complete the assignments, but it took me a very long time, as some of the required R commands were not taught in this course (granted, if you are willing to fill in the gaps through google and the wonderful answers from all the guys and gals at StackOverflow, you can complete them, as I did). If you have no previous R experience, like me, but you can hold your own at programming,(me again) you can pass the course. If you have never coded, I think the course would be next to impossible; bear that in mind.
Good for a beginner. Practical exercizes are really helpful, assignments remain challenging and require a lot of extra learning.  However, it could be beneficial to review the quality of videos and assignment descriptions. For videos: presented code lines are in a tiny font, which becomes illegible if one tries to work with more than one window (on a 15'' laptop). Sometimes watching videos and testing things in R studio simultaneously could be much more productive.  Assignment descriptions could be considered incomplete, and there are few errors. I recommend to keep this in mind and read forum even before starting the script writing, as it provides way more better explainations in many cases.
I entered this course with no coding experience, and I can definitely say I am disadvantaged because of it. The lectures are great explanations of the different commands in R, and the projects are a great playground of R's different capabilities, but the lectures and projects are too difficult to approach using just the lectures. That being said, this course's difficulty provides students like myself the opportunity to learn how to ask questions and seek resources for the programming. Overall, I do not enjoy this course - mainly because it is very difficult. However, the course is structured logically and provides (what I assume the majority of students) a comprehensive introduction to R.
This is a difficult course to get through without prior programming experience.  In spite of that, I would have given the course a 5-star rating if there were not such a large gap between the course as presented and the programming assignments for Weeks 2-4.  As I noted in the post course survey, the course would have benefited from a couple of extra weeks in which a larger set of programming examples were provided that linked the course to the programming assignments.  Otherwise, I thought the videos and the "Swirl" exercises were quite good.  Dr. Peng has an easy manner about him, is clear and explains the basic concepts quite well.
R Programming in Coursera is a great course. You will learn a lot about R and a lot about advanced programming. But you will suffer along the way. Every lesson brings tons of knowledge, and every quiz will leave you with the feeling you only knew half of what was needed. You will have to fill in the blanks, which is easier if you have previous knowledge of R and/or have previous coding know-how. From someone who had taken other R programming courses, I loved and hated this one at the same time. It's a great way to really learn R, but be ready to put the additional hours and reading required to successfully pass.
This course is a very nice introduction to R, I enjoyed learning with Swirl and I found the concepts and materials presented were valuable. I like the teacher Lee and his videos.  I feel that I'm closer to the world of the Data Scientist after completing this course.Cons: The theory is very far from the exercices and the assignments. I struggled several hours (and days) building the code for week 2 and 4. I ended by looking for help in forums and I was forced to sometimes look at parts of published answers.  The instructors must improve the examples and the exercises of coding previous to the assigments.
Overall it's a good course and I've learned a lot from it. But I think It'd be great to have more examples and context on how and why use those functions. To me R is a really quirky language and isn't really intuitive to use and it doesn't have a lot of functions that other programming languages have such as push and pop for lists. I remember spending like 5 hours trying to get it to work in a way that I'm more used to but then realized it could be done in a completely different manner. Most of the time I spend so much time on trivial stuff which I think can be avoided if more explanation is provided.
I believe this is an "intro" to R course with great intentions. But as a starting R programmer I found myself stuck on some of the materials without knowing where to turn except for stack overflow. The course moves too fast for a pure beginner. The videos and textbook sometimes work out of sequence and on a couple of occasions I found myself needing to move ahead in the textbook to solve problems that videos had not covered and vice-versa.But overall, it was a very nice intro. I gained some knowledge but will definitely need more in depth courses to master these programming concepts.
Pro: The course covers a lot of information and the necessary reference material to do the assignmentsCons: 1) This is definitely NOT a beginners course with no background with R. The assignments cover/test things that are not covered in class. Please don't advertise this to be a "no experience required" class. 2) The code that is presented in the lessons is overwhelming (read: daunting) to someone like me (with no experience). So it doesn't help when the instructor talks through the code. Please look at datacamp tutorials - If it wasn't for them, I wouldn't have passed this class.
The overall topics covered appear to be in line, however the course looses some of accessibility given the lack of participation from the instructor and moderators. This may be fine for someone with a stronger background in programming and statistics, but more novice users (like myself) may find it a bit challenging. Guidance is probably available deep in the message boards and somewhere in the world of google. Overall, great course for exposure to R, but if you don't have a strong mathematical / stats background, be warned..you will be stretched. Good for some, but not for all.
The course was OK as an introductory course. I agree with most of what's done there, but - as I mentioned on forums - I dislike some of the quiz questions which were created not to check knowledge, but instead to make students give erroneous answers. For example, quiz checks for 4 output values and each option for selection has a different first digit, except for one. And it is this one that's correct... Why? If you want to check my output, then simply let me easily choose buy fact-checking first digit only... Don't give people possibility to make mistake where not important.
The swirl exercises are very good.  The assignments are quite challenging but enjoyable.  The last one took me > 9 hrs.  I would suggest to first give a sample assignment.  And then in the theory discuss the tools for that assignment.  And then give the assignment.  The theory is a lot of explanation - which I am battling to "hook" onto something.  Why - because I had not been exposed to an application opportunity.  The text in the slides are too small to view on a phone.  Overall I feel proud to have completed the course and it gives me confidence to attempt problems with R.
Pros: - If you don't know R well, or at all, you will learn a lot about R! - The projects were sufficiently challenging and used real data. Great experience.Cons: - Some knowledge required in the assignments are not covered at all in the lectures, or even the textbook. - The week 2 assignment was a bit less clear than it could've been.Other thoughts: I wouldn't recommend this course for someone new to programming. You should have at least SOME programming experience. Even for someone with some coding experience it can be quite challenging. But that's what makes it so FUN!
Although course is  good and mentors have put a lot of effort in designing and explaining certain concepts still i would say that assignment exercises are quite much tougher as code errors come quite easily due to lacking of basic use of functions with operators and else. My request would be to at least provide the helpful links that is  sort frames in data frame, extract operator links  in assignment  3 just as one begins to start assignment 3 and not somewhere hidden into the discussion forums. In that way one can save crucial time and can solve it understanding more
The course is great and the points are really useful, but the gap between the classes and the assignments turn into a nightmare to reach the end of the course. Great teacher, but with more flow between the usage of all the mechanism together turn the learning process stronger, connecting the dots all alone is too absorbing and too time consuming, we need more understanding on the mechanics right before the assigments to elucidate what seems to be obvious right after concluded. Thank you for the hard working compiling this course! Move on and dont give up!
I learned a lot of the basics in R with this course. Sometimes it is a bit of a dissonance between the lessons and the assignments, and the programming style in the lessons might seem a bit old fashioned or cumbersome, but for good reason. There are a lot of packages in R than makes you do things easy, but knowing the base is very important. The practical assignments are challenging and fun. The video lessons are good. A big minus for misleading/unclear descriptions on how to deliver your assignments. A big plus for the peer review process.
Overall the course was excellent.  The lectures were engaging and interesting.  The assigments for most part were useful and easy to understand.  My only reason for giving 4 stars instead of 5 stars was the 2nd assigment.  We needed to use GitHub account and load things on there.  I do not mind the peer graded assignment idea but it seemed difficult grading when links did not work and I had no visibility to what they truly may have been working on.  I felt bad grading poorly when other peers may have worked very hard on that project.
A very challenging course for a beginner, but if you are ready to invest time and effort, you will definitely manage it. A point that should definitely be mentioned is that the course is not self-sufficient, so to speak: you will need to do a lot of additional research, googling, ask questions on forums and maybe even take additional courses in parallel in order to make it to the end. But once that steep learning curve is overcome, you will enjoy all the benefits and, above all, will be well-armed to continue in the specialization.
Awesome overview of R. This course feels like a real college class, complete with deadlines to hold you accountable. It's challenging, but straightforward, so it's pretty simple to get your certification in the four weeks allotted. Took off one star because the estimated time for each week is fairly inaccurate - the Swirl exercises take no more than 20 minutes apiece, but the programming assignments each take a few hours to figure out. All in all, great class - I feel much more prepared to work in R in the future!
If you don't have experience programming, this course is probably impossible without extensive online research to complete assignments.  Perhaps this is a good thing - I guess we're supposed to be learning how to 'hack' our education and find answers on our own in the future as we lead our own projects.  Still, being a complete noob, I would have prefered a more robust introduction to the language.  In the end, however, I did feel relatively competent (good enough to be dangerous to myself) in R after 4 weeks.
Good introduction to R. Without my programming background, I think this course would be more difficult. For example, when I think I should use a switch statement in an assignment, I already know what a switch is, I just need to search online to learn how to do it in R. At the same time, speaking as someone who's worked in software engineering, a lot of any programming job is not about being taught everything but being taught enough to then go out, search online, and find out what you need to get the job done.
Excellent course in terms of content, the videos and quizzes are nice if a bit elementary compared to the level of the last major programming assignment, and the transition from using elementary functions into actual programming is not handled that well though, it does require previous programming intuition in order to do so smoothly. Programming asignments are tough, and its very time-demanding, and I got stuck in a couple sections. The practice exercises with the Swirl package are also very nice.
If you have basic programming knowledge it will help you move through this course and meet deadlines, or you will need to set aside a very large amount of time daily to learn. I hear DataCamp has great tutorials for learning and practicing R along with the Swirl practice problems provided with weekly assignments for this course. The forums are a very good supplement to understanding the details of the project assignments and quizzes. Rigorous and rewarding when you put the work in.
I learned a lot.  I have programming experience, but it was 20 years ago.  I would have enjoyed the course more if there had been more focused and relevant examples.  The syntax of R is not straightforward and my style of learning likes to have examples to reference.  The R Programming book is helpful, but i found myself using a lot of other reference material and I would have moved thru the class faster (and with less frustration) had the presentations had more relevant examples.
A thoroughly enjoyable course but some of the assignments (in particular lexical scoping week 3 programming assignment) features concepts that were far outside of the week's lecture material. Fortunately the forums were extremely useful in figuring out what to do. Without them, the assignments would have been next to impossible (for a person new to R). For that reason I give it 4 of 5 stars. If those lecture notes are included in the required reading then I'd happily give it a 5.
The lectures, quizzes, and practice swirl assignments are great for getting a handle on introductory-level R programming. However, I found that the programming assignments were inappropriately difficult for a course this level seeing as they require other skills/know-how not taught in this course. I hope the instructors reconsider a change to their curriculum so as not to overwhelm students, many of whom are having their first experience with programming in low-level languages.
Good course on the basics, steep learning curve in the later topics, but doable. I see why, but some concepts are barely touched upon in the lectures and for total beginners (like me), a dive into some google searches or R books is more useful than the course material itself in later chapters. Also, some data or information is outdated and should be updated. Other than that, clear structure, good lectures and help in forum and form of the mentors is great. Would recommend.
R Programming introduces many useful concepts and skills to learner in the first stage like me. During my study, course forum and the "swirl" package played very important roles. I am new to the R language, thus the assignment after the course are difficult for me. Thanks to the course forum, I learned a lot from others, and the "swirl" package helped me understand some course more efficient. I will keep on going at Coursera, thanks for the teachers and classmates.
RThe course is more about the basic knowledge of R, which is good considering that looking for the answer when meeting with problems cannot teach this. Hope that more interesting assignments could be added. Finally, too much basic knowledge makes people boring, it would be better if after each video the students could do some short programming tasks.
Lectures should include examples of problem-solving and debugging related to the assignments. Every new concept/function introduced should be exemplified on an R dataset. Don't leave it all too swirl. Assignments should not introduce new concepts. Very useful would be examples of script optimization. I spent 90%of the time figuring out what was wrong with my script, and 10% on lectures, which were not clearly explained and very often were hard to focus on.
A quick warm up course for new learner in R. I spent a week to went through the course material and most of the experiment/programming tasks. Now feel quite comfortable  to basic R. The course might be improved if more time are spent on some concrete case studies. Some useful functions/routines like str, csv header preprocessing are very handy and it is great to learn these. The last part, debug and profile seem not big concerns for new learners.
The best part of the course is it's assignments which help us enormously to cover up the topics which we have learnt so far in this course. But the biggest downside is the toughness of the assignments which makes the life of a simple student horrible. We have to consult sources outside of coursera to complete them which i think should be covered up well by the lectures in the series.Otherwise the course is a great headstart for beginners.
The course is very well laid out to demonstrate the main features of R programming language. (To elaborate on one thing that I liked) The programming assignment for the 4th week (rating/choosing hospital based on outcome) is very helpful to try out what I learnt from the course so far. All the 3 parts of this question are connected well, and I hope the rest of the courses of the Data Specialization is also implementing similar format.
R Programming has solid information and exercises on just that!  However the videos and sections for each week are not very clearly structured.  Sometimes the end assignment can take many times the number of hours the rest of the content in a week requires.  I'd be careful about taking this course while working unless you can devote serious time to programming projects on your off days.  That stated, the course is excellent otherwise.
Very good course; I would give it 5 stars if the lessons would include more examples of how to apply the functions and programming techniques learned in different situations or data sets, before que programming assignments. The current lessons show very basic examples and leave a lot open for one to figure out on your own, I know you're trying to encourage self-learning, but still... Right now this is rather some 70% self-learning.
Overall course was good.  I think there is a bit of a gap in terms of helping providing additional understanding of application of some the concepts in context of a solution.  I think the course does a good job explaining the concept, but I feel the course could use some additional examples of application of the concepts to help facilitate the programming assignments.  The Swirl exercise are good...but almost seem to rudimentary.
Iam I student having background from biology. Programming was totally new for me. The course was very beneficial and we'll arranged. The assignments and quizz were very demanding, but if one goes through all the videos, notes and swirl exercise than it becomes easy to solve. I learned may new thing and R programming. But still have have doubts and I'm not clear about applying the knowledge of R in the field of biology.
A little bit more examples, as well as maybe a walk along with example where the students works an example in R-Studio, and can try to answer some questions, one screen before the answer is given. I had some problems that  didn't know about until I was taking the quiz. Other than that I really liked the course and am looking forward to using this knowledge as well as the Getting and Cleaning Data in the real world...
Very good course. The swirl (optional) exercises are a great tool to apply the learning of each week right away. I had no prior experience with R and very little with programming in general ; I spent a lot of time looking for the right functions, their arguments etc. + debugging my own code because of all the rookie mistakes I make ;) But practice makes the master, so I guess it's normal. Now off to the next course!
Good course for a determined person!  There is a very big gap between the course materials and the later assignments. I wish the lecture slides were available for quick reference, but you only get the transcript of the words the lecturer says or the video itself. There was a bit of a leap when the various statistical distributions were referenced with the presumption the student knows what they are all about.
This course is really not easy to who is not in the domain of computer science. Even the computer science people, it's also not quite easy to familiar with that statistic program, e.g. R Programming. If having more "trace program" training, I'd be better for that students who I mention above. However, anyway, I very much enjoyed this course to know how to program to analysis a data set.  Thank you very much.
Good course in general. Gives a introduction to R and its basic function and structures.  I recommend this courses to the ones who start using R as an analytical tool and have some basic experience with programming or data analyses. Maybe some improvement would be nice: For example,  some of the assignments weren't fully consistent with coursework. However, overall a great introduction to R programming.
This course is essential,  thus, it is imperative that the concepts are well understood by the students.  More emphasis on the underlying logic, rather than the syntax is very welcome.  For the succeeding courses, R is going to be used anyway, so familiarity on the syntax would come naturally.  The "how to make it work /why doesn't it work" is more beneficial than "what do I need to use", I think.
Swirl is very good. it would be good if it detected differences in input for a typo error, compared to a guess, and also if it ignores results if the expected outcome is achieved e.g. sqrt(x) and (x^0.5). i'm sure a clever identical() function in there could produce a responsive feedback like. "OK, not quite what I was thinking, you should have type sqrt(x), but you seem to have managed to get t
For a beginner like me, this course is really helpful. It gives valuable certification and builds your knowledge in statistical programming. Though the lecture videos could be a bit more interesting but nevertheless it helped big time. The assignments lets you think analytically so as to arrive at the desired output. It's a great course for people trying to place their foothold in data science.
I only finished week one so far. My opinion (to the first week's content) is that it's a little bit hard to familiarize all those basic R concepts from scratch. Maybe the teaching staff would want to make it more concise so that before any real application (or simulation), students do not get lost in those technicalities. However, it's pretty great course. It's pretty detailed and informative.
If you want to learn R for real take this course. But !! keep in mind this course is not for the weak of heart.It is not a hand holding class. You will have to dig deep inside your soul to come out on the other side alive. But when you do, you will have emerged Victorious. And walk away with your head held high and say " YES, I am an R programmer!"good luck may your kung-fu be strong :) .....
Course was great! The challenge level was good for me, although some of the assignments introduced concepts that wern't covered in the swirl or lectures.I'm used to assignments driving home lecture and problem concepts, so I think that mentally I wasn't prepared for the introduction of concepts for the assignment. I think that if this knowledge gap was solved, the course would have been a 5.
Actually, I was surprised by lesson 3, it is more difficult that lesson 4. If someone has no experience in programming, especially in R, there is a good chance of failing the assignment. If the instructors can include more useful functions in the course, I think will be excellent. Especially if they can give an introduction about the other relevant packages in R, it will be extremely useful.
Profound introduction to R touching most key elements. This is not a complete beginners course though. Perfect for people who have some experience in other languages and want to add R to their skill set.Assignments are rather easy, but still challenging enough to get you thinking about the language.Great video's with clear explanations. Too bad some of them are cut short in the end.Thanks!
I know there may be a few very good programmers and computer scientists here but I really struggled to do the practical assignment in week 2. I think the course is brilliant but I am probably only going to retain some of it. E.g. I have sourced 5 alternatives of each assignment part to really understand alternative approaches to writing functions. But I like the course a lot . Thanks
Excellent Course With Regards To Learning and Course Engagement as the activities and readings were heavily useful with regards to growing skillsCons: The Videos Were sometimes very lengthy and lacked energy and student connectionThe Audio In The Videos are very poor as i have to turn my headphones to max to be able to hear clearlyRest All Are Good Including the Tutor , Thank You
The swirl library is one of the best things I've come across to learn anything. I only rated a 4 because at times I felt the course was way too theoretical. If you could add more problems or attach references or sources for more practice, such that R Programming becomes 2nd nature, it'll probably become the best course ever, especially coming from such highly qualified personnel.
Really good content, both quality wise and quantity wise. The only flaw is the grading system based on students evaluating work of other students. The skills of students naturally varies and many of them cannot evaluate techniques beyond the scope of this course. The best way to pass the tests is to copy the proposed solution from the instructors so that everyone understands it.
Excellent environment to get acquinted with R. Specifically the Swirl programme inside R is really helpful and will get you the basics of how you can work in R in a very efficient way. For me, as a clinical researcher, some more information on how to clean your data and run your analysis would be very useful but this course is mostly focussed on programming your own functions.
The course was well explained and Swirl tool is quite interactive.Though I was not abale to submit my work from swirl  even though I tried it multiple times.I covered all the lessons from Swirl for basic programming and I am interested in learning the other modeuls in R via using Swirl.I learnt a lot from this course and would be interested in future courses on R as well.
Great class, wonderful lectures, and full of great materials to learn. The assignments however were challenging and required some further study. A walkthrough of the assignments after submitting them would be very helpful, especially when created functions did not match up with what they should have been. But all in all, I definitely learned quite a bit from this class.
This course will take some effort, it will not come easy, but if you keep on working you will see that you will make progress. The programming assignments are hard and make sure you use of the practice assignments on the forums. All in all, this course improved my programming skills significantly, but I am not sure if I would have made it without some prior knowledge..
Overall pretty good.  Since I have no computer science background, some of the assignments were a bit challenging for me and the Swirl assignments were not particularly helpful.  Overall, I feel like I learned the basics of programming in R and after completing the course I was able to write some simple programs that I can use in my day to day activities in the lab.
I found the course very interesting and I learned a lot, but I think that to facilitate the development of the evaluations, they should put more practical examples in the videos, which will help the student to develop the exams with the tools taught in the videos, to that the student does not have to resort to external sources. For that reason, I give it 4 stars.
This is a very good course. Lectures, readings, and quizzes are well elaborated and quite helpful. The practical exercises in SWIRL are especially fun and engaging. The only weak point are the programming assignments, which are poorly connected with the rest of the activities. They represent giant leaps from the skills actually taught, and so can be frustrating.
Quite a good course.  Suggestion for improvement would be adding some smaller exercises that allow you to practice the various ways to get to the data in a dataframe appropriately.  I got through all the tests and exercises quite well, but spent a lot of time playing around with when to use $ vs [ vs [[, and I'm still not quite sure exactly what i will get back.
The course gave good beginning to R programming. It will be good if you can add more examples, use cases, real time scenarios(explaining where that function can be used) when you teach. Assignments are of good standard. They made me to learn more about R. Overall, it gave a good exposure. If possible, add one mini project kind of thing along with assignments.
It's a great course and I learned a lot from it. The interactive tool swirl is very useful, I love it! My only problems are the lack of connection between some lectures and the Assignments, and also the lack of help in the discussion forums. My questions were all ignored and I finished the course without solving problems in my code for the final Assignment.
The course is good, but the assignment is quite hard to understanding. There's a little a clue to do for the work. So I searching help in an online community to help me figure out. I love swirl, but please make it more advanced so we can programming look like datacamp. Sincerely I shocked when following swirl is easy although the assignment is really hard.
The  course is a good starting point in R. All the tools used are open source and readily available.  I would have still liked the course to have a bit more depth.It just scratches the surface on R programming and doesn't even cover many plotting techniques. This course is useful for people familiar with programming to under R and it's unique use cases.
This course is very difficult for a newbie like me. Even though I had finished all videos, swirls practice exercises and books, it still took a lot of time for the assignments. This course should be more than 4 weeks, and the assignments should be divided into smaller parts. However, I learned a lots and this course has been very helpful for my career.
Good course, but would be helpful to have a few more practical examples, particularly around functions. Personally I struggle with abstract algebraic examples, so it took me a bit longer to grasp how to structure functions. Would have found it easier if there were real-life examples for some of these. Overall though, very good and felt I learned a lot.
I learned quite a lot through completing the course assignments. The only criticism is that much of the knowledge you need in order to complete the assignments is not covered within the course. That's fine in the sense that it encourages learners to find their own solutions, but it does also suggest that the content of the lectures is somewhat lacking.
This course is a very nice introduction to R. I would advise to complete the swirl assignments as they provide good practice to memorise the commands. Sometimes it feels like swirl use a lot of positive reenforcement to the point of getting the impression of being trained like a dog. Still I felt a great sense of accomplishment completing the course.
This was a good introduction to R programming. The assignments were very challenging, and it didn't always seem like the lessons properly prepared you for them, but I guess they just required some "hacking" skills (the initiative to find your own answers, on Google, StackOverflow, etc.). The step-by-step optional Swirl R assignments were very useful.
I like most parts of this course. However, the order of the lectures and exercises could be improved. For some concepts and skills that are hard to understand or remember, it might be better to offer exercises right after the video, instead of playing all the videos in a row, which may make the audience to forget what was taught at first place.
The course covers a lot of different topics related to R programming. I think the course explain a lot of important concepts. In my opinion the level of the videos too simple and is needed to do the practical part by yourself using swift in the console. This way you learn about what you need otherwise the class exercises are pretty complicated.
Yes, this is not for beginners. The assignment since week2 is beyond what was taught in class. I have to pay another 25 dollars on datacamp and finish 10+ courses, spending 2 weeks at least. Go back to the assignment, without success. The learning curve is a bit tough. Anyway, I'm kind of newbie on programming, will continue learning this one.
The course offers a good overview of basic programming concepts. It is most beneficial to those with some experience in either R or other types of statistical programming. For the beginner, however, this course may get confusing, as many assignments require students to look up concepts/packages/methods outside of the regular course materials.
It was good as a "fundamentals" course. I would love to see course on more advanced topics in R. And it lacked general introduction to functional programming. Positioning against Python and Julia and describing differences between those three would also be great. Other than that I loved it and was engaged till the end of the last assignment.
The instructor's use of examples is often more confusing than enlightening. Also, he sometimes explains very intuitive/easy concepts (which indicates he is aware that some users are new to programming), but often uses more complex terminology that goes unexplained. The course material is great, the instructor and his delivery were less good.
Quite an thoughtful course. It makes one to search everywhere and learn by doing as opposed to the other way i.e. spoon feeding. Was quite difficult to get through the first programing functions but at the end of day - felt accomplished in true sense. The discussion forum is filled with quite good discussions, so one should not miss it !
Very informative with programming assignments that clearly test one's knowledge, but not optimal for one who has never used R before - there was some knowledge the course assumed the student had before taking the course. So an excellent course for one who has used R who is looking to improve further, but not ideal for a complete novice.
The course is good, not easy for a beginner. Students really have to dedicate in searching on the web to find solutions. The videos and lessons are mainly hints about how things work or how some "programming" problems can be solved. But you'll have to obtain the "tools" by yourself, searching on the web. Again, the course gives hints.
This course was very helpful to understand the basics of R-programming and to apply it in large datas. Also to draw plots, histogram are another features of this course. The practical exercises done in swirl were very helpful to understand the coding. So don't miss the programming practice in swirl. Thank you to the Course teachers!!!
This course is REALLY not for the faint hearted.The forum is full of post with titles such as 'Feel like giving up', and replies like 'DONT GIVE UP!!.' This course is obviously not for people without programming background. In the course they will teach you simple things like 2+2, but the assignments will require sin 2 / log2 * exp2^2
Amazing Tutorial and course. The methods they use are simple but the lack of exercises in programming, its a downside. In my programming experience, it's needed more practical examples. Swirl is one side of the course that helps the user understand what R programming is, but in my opinion, different examples or projects are needed.
There is a big deep from the quizzes and the Swirl exercises to the projects. A few more hints would make them more useful. Such as the actual methods to use to solve a problem etc... This is a beginning courses and they are way too difficult without more guidance. And frankly, the discussions are way too confusing and cluttered.
A very engaging class. The information provided is essential and the assignments help you grow. Two things to note that kept this from 5 stars: video lectures were not practical enough and did not encourage student participation, while assignments were not closely connected to the material covered in the respective week.
Good course.  Definitely do the swirl exercise. that is where the real value is.  slides can be improved.  certainly voice over them can be improved... really hard to listen to at times with the so much (er, ah, um, oh). Improve examples on slides, they could be made much clearer.  Really learnt it when I did the swirl
I would say 3-4 stars. Week 3 was kind of dense really. The assignment was also a little over my head not due to the complexity but certain aspects were not covered in length. Week 4 was good though, and it was enjoyable. Overall a really nice introduction to R and I would certainly recommend this course to my friends.
The course takes more time and is more informative than the Toolbox course. The material in the videos is quite more basic than the material in the quizzes and assignments, but that should be expected. The only improvement I would suggest is to give lecture material on the deeper concepts involved in the assignments.
Overall I enjoyed this course.  I think the one point of feedback I had was that the examples of functions provided in lecture were overly simplistic.  The simplicity of these examples made some of the programming assignments needlessly difficult as there wasn't much of a bridge to get from lecture to assignment.
I had attempted this course a few years back but gave up very quickly. I don't know if I have changed (learned a little bit of R from other courses) or the course has but I now really learned a lot. As a novice programmer I am totally amazed when I get one of my programmes to work and give me the correct output.
Good introduction to R programming. As I came in with no prior experience in any programming language I struggled quite a bit with some of the assignments but overall a very well structured course. The interactive learning with swirl is also very useful and I think very well suited to teach somebody the basics.
I am a social scientist and I am a beginner in data science. I learnt a lot of R, but somehow I felt like the course sometimes had big spaces between what was been taught and the week tasks. I wish it was more a step by step course, like Swirl. I really loved Swirl I think I'm still using it in the future.
I think more guidance could have been provided on the Lexical Scoping coding assignment (eg some annotation of the example code to help us understand what it is doing), but otherwise I thought this was a really well organized course and I learned a lot from doing the programming assignments and quizzes.
A little too much for a beginner especially the assignments. had to use functions not thought in the course. need to create a course that is veered for total beginners. Most classes are good but some classes were too difficult to understand and the lecturer would just flyby and it got very complicated .
Peer reviewed assignment was tough for someone who has not used Github, but challenging and interesting. I took a week to finish this course besides work. So overall, it was not very time consuming. Since I had sufficient experiences in R, it was rather easy. But I think it is helpful for a beginner.
This was a good class.  The lectures were interesting.  The swirl package was fun for the most part.  And the message boards were actually informative and helpful.The actual programs we were required to write could be used for other things in business or health science, and therefore were practical.
Meaningful course but the videos and homework are sometimes not tightly related, so I felt it a little tough and spent many time working on it and trying to figure it out by myself. The forum is useful when I found some problems. All in all, it's still a valuable course for programming beginners!
The Swirl practice exercises are great, they're optional but I would highly recommend doing those. The graded assignments are pretty difficult considering only the basic concepts are discussed in the lectures, you definitely need to do some trial and error in R to figure out what you're doing.
This course clears up concepts related to  R programming, and makes use of well-designed R practice sessions, quizzes, and programming assignments. You are expected to solve the assignments on your own, and if you are truly a beginner with no previous R experience you may find it challenging.
Needs more structure on R logic, development of R functions were very challenging. I would recommend maybe extending the course one more week to cover in depth the logic of R objects and functions and the lexical scope with practical exercises. Expand swirl() with more challenging commands.
Some topics are missing - like 'pipes' , 'tibble' et al. These are more often used in contect of data science usage of R. Some advanced ones like 'Lexical scoping could have been introduced a bit later in the course, or can put fundamental knowledge of R as a pre-requisite to the course.
Video lectures were useful and thorough, but the assignments included some materials and concepts that were not even talked about, which poses a huge problem for beginners.  Maybe try splitting up R Programming into two levels, one for beginners and another for more advanced individuals?
its fun and well taught but i was having a little trouble understanding how to go about some of the topics here, this course being my first ever programming class i have ever taken. all in all i enjoyed every bit of it and its something i see myself doing in the future. Two thumbs up!!
The descriptions for progamming assignments 1 & 2 seemed quite lazily written, which was frustrating. Having said that, the related help in the discussion forums was excellent. The lectures were quite interesting although I feel I learnt most from completing the progamming assignments
Instructor teaches the functions of R language already performed on his screen, he should teach by doing practical on screen. That way beginners would find it easy to understand the concepts. Because it is very hard to concentrate on your voice and see the screen matching the audio..
good course, concepts are explained very well by professor, but I would recommend to add a section with more exercises similar to the ones of the weekly assignments. Swirl package is great but according to me there are not enough exercises to get well prepared for the assignments.
A very good course. Those responsible for the course used very good teaching resources. Good quality support material available. The practical exercises are based on real situations, as well as data sets. Feasible, practical. Thank you very much for offering such knowledge.
Challenging and requires engaged independent learner with at least beginner background in programming (or greater than recommended time investment to compensate for lack of experience). But great format for independent learner who's looking to establish a foundation with R.
too easy, too short, too basic. Even though it is designed for begginers it is still very easy, especially the swirl part. This makes the learning process kind of boring. I wish some of the topics were covered in more detail (e.g. debugging, data manipulation, simulation).
This is a place to get a credential and to know what you need to know to be proficient in R.  It is NOT necessarily where you will actually do the LEARNING about what you do in R.  I personally complemented this with a datacamp subscription and lots of on-line searching.
While the videos can be incredibly dry, the programming assignments and the swirl assignments help you to gain a solid grasp of how to think like a data scientist. Rather than simply giving you the answer in the videos or the books, it gives you the tools to solve them.
This course is a little challenging for beginners. I recommend for those who have a little programming experience (or if it has been a while since you did some programming) to invest time in taking detailed notes. It will help big time with the end of week assignments.
It was very challenging yet reinvigorating. I had to research a whole lot but it was totally worth it in the end because it really does boost your morale that you are on a great learning curve thanks to the incredible teachers under a great structure. Very important.
See my survey comments.  This was a good starting course, but there were some flaws in the way it presented lexical scoping and then data set issue with week 4 programming assignment that made thigns unnecessarily painful.  Other than that, enjoyed and learned a lot.
Pros:Great depth of coverage of R.Examples chosen, presentation and details given all are great.Very impressed by the quality of Quiz questions and assignmentsCons:Certain topics in Week3 all of a sudden become difficult for people with limited programming expertise
The course was great but could be even better if the examined assignments would be more related to the actual course. The level here is very different. It would be great if more exercises could be introduced that lead to the more difficult assignments in the course.
This course was a good experience, but I wish there were more explained tasks of difficult functions and loops  before giving difficult exercises. Also I find this course a little bit boring for me and sometimes very difficult (especially in peer graided assignment)
Well laid out introductory course to R.  Initially you may become a bit frustrated as you need to do a fair amount of investigation and learning on your own to complete some of the quizzes and projects, but in the end it really does help you to learn the material.
The course content was good. It encourges you for deep learning. Although I feel that the assignments were a bit too hard for those who are new to programming. Thus, a little more content on how to solve the assignment or some more practice exercises would help.
There course was great. The information was really good. I won't rate it 5 stars because the videos had so many filler words ("So uhh", "uhh", "ahh"). Thankfully there was a book to go along with the course. I used the book and watched only a few of the videos.
I already have some exposure on this software. This course is very helpful to test my previous knowledge in R software. I enjoy the swirl programming exercises well. I practiced all swirl exercises. It gives me a confidence to finish the quiz, assignments.
I learned a great deal, what I expected and more. As a beginner in R I found some of the material very challenging and don't think i quite mastered it. But as an intro to Data Science overall, the course was quite helpful. For the price, I recommend it.
I was totally new to R programming. The lectures are easy to understand and follow but the assignments are a little hard so I had to learn from other tutorial to understand the steps and finish the assignments. In general, this course is very helpful.
Very interesting. I did not have any previous knowledge in programming and now I feel confident enough to start my first small scripts to resolve some statistics in my job. Also, congratulations to the swirl programmers is the most useful tool ever.
Course is informative and assignments are helping you to learn more. Interactive exercises provided by swirl package are great to have hands-on experience on the functions. I will highly recommend this course and swirl package to my friends. Thanks!
The course gave a good overview of R language. The knity gritty things could have been explained better - for example the result of splitting a data frame does nor return a data frame etc.It wasn't for some one who had never programmed in his life.
The course is generally well organised and planned. However, there's a huge gap between the knowledge explained through the videos and practices and the skill required to pass the programming assigment, specially in the assigment #1 of the week 1.
A very good course that includes many things about R programming.But the difficulty of the assignment is not matched with that of the lecture.And hope to see more coding in the R during the lecture instead of just looking at the existed example.
Easy to follow. Might be too easy for some people with experience in data analysis. However, the instructors also talk about some frameworks and insights from their experience which could be helpful even for those who have some prior experience.
A challenge for the beginner, lots is covered, little is explained about the completion of the projects. An excelent challenge for the investigative minded. Highly recommended, but not for the unitiated without conviction or the faint of heart.
I found it helpful just that the way the teacher taught and its contents are different to the things that come in the test which has confused me a lot. So I hope there will be improvement on this part everything else is great. Happy learning.
The Programming Assignments is quite harder then you can learn at the time. In the lectures and swirl you learn simple schemes  and codes, but when you start doing the Assignment it demands the high level of R programming skills to pass it.
I wasn't sure what to expect since I've never taken a programming course.  I thought this was more for entry-level learners, but the instructions and assignments appeared more at an experienced level programmer.  Thank goodness for tutors.
Lectures were very engaging. I felt like I learned the foundation of coding in R, but did not get much practice applying these skills.  Please add some optional challenges for students who want more practice than swirl and the assignments.
Depending on how extensive your background with R, this can be a very challenging and time consuming course. For me it was a challenging, but rewarding course. I learned a lot, both about R and about how to approach programming problems.
I have no background in R and thus benefited a lot from this course. It took me quite a while to figure out the programming assignments. I wish the course could provide more baby programming assignments to practice for beginners like me.
It is not easy for programming beginners. The course module itself is way too simple comparing with the assignment and quiz. Probably need to provide more instructions/ info/ explanation to the related modules for assignments/ quizzes.
"R Programming" will really force you to dive deep into concepts. I am non-programming background but I liked the way course has been designed. At times, I felt frustrated and though of quitting but I held on and finally completed it.
Content was interesting to me and much of it will be helpful in what I am doing.  Course is not for a beginner.  Also, some of the assignments didn't align well with reinforcing the lecture topics.  Swirl is definitely worth the time.
Apart from the theoretical aspect from the lecturer, everything else on this course is perfect and helped me to complete the course. It was quite boring at some part when long duration and continuous lectures took part without exams.
Very useful insights on Rstudio. My only problem are some of the homeworks which seem to be harder compared with the low experience an average student will have by that time, this force you to look around for tips and ways of coding.
Thanks a lot for such a wonderful training!The videos prepared are really  good to understand basics of R especially for beginners. Just a suggestion, if you can add more examples or add example for each function, it would be great.
This course is definitely a must for anyone and everyone who has not worked on R (doesn't know what R is about), but has some previous exposure to basic programming! I was satisfied with what I had learnt at the end of this course!
I have zero experience in programming before taking this course however, assignments are hard to solve only if you isolate your concepts from the videos they prepared (Although it stumps me when I still can't figure the code out).
The course is really good, intense, and ... hard ! I guess that more assignements in swirl are better to get people more used to the tool instead of just leaving them with a huge, deep Programming Assignement for them to complete.
Video lectures don't cover all of the knowledge required for the quizzes.  Seems like if there is a question on a quiz the details of the question should have been taught in the lectures or notes.  Overall good experience though.
Hello there! This particular course has helped to acquire knowledge about the concept and various aspects of this and its flexibility of work. Certainly, a productive course one could ask for. I'd suggest te same for others too.
Was difficult for me, but spent countless hours reviewing, writing, and testing. The only way to connect individual commands and concepts with a fully operational program is by practicing and going through the code line by line.
Overall great way to be introduced to R programming. The peer review assignment should be more instructional breaking down the function examples. Needed to do a lot of outside research to understand what exactly was going on.
Course Conent is good but somewhat superficial and not aligned with assignments, there is a significant time spent learning coding outside of the course.  Nothing wrong with that but it's worth setting expectations correctly.
Very useful, I really enjoyed it.What I felt is that some of the assignments are too advanced for what is taught during the course, but I guess searching solutions outside of the course is also part of the learning process!
Amazing course, it really gives you insights for the basic of R coding! According to me, the only problem is that there is a big gap between what is taught during the lectures and the skills needed to pass the assignments.
All the things are pretty good and informative. The only point is that rate of getting new lessons are a little high so you need to spend lots of time a week to get familiar with all the subjects and doing the assignment.
It was a great experience taking this online course. Love the swirl() learning package. The course difficulty level is appropriate for me. Worked hard, practiced a lot, and finally got all the credits and the certificate.
Assignments were difficult but would have been easy had I first been exposed to the material in later courses. Not sure why the specialization is structured that way. I'll definitely revisit my code for these assignments.
Overall this was a good course. It does assume some prior knowledge/experience of programming, which makes some parts of he course challenging for a newbie. However, I would recommend it to anyone beginning the R journey.
In this course, a tutor should explain what is rnorm and how their values are distributed and also assignments are way much harder for beginners. we cannot even have an idea how the particular function should be created.
Great courses -- the only thing I would improve if possible, would be more incremental steps leading up to assignments. Swirl was a lifesaver for this, but I would love more Swirl exercises to get the hang of each topic.
The teaching videos are great, but there is a comparatively large gap between the difficulty of the material been taught and the assignments need to be done. I hope there will be more helping materials on assignments.
THIS IS A GOOD COURSE BUT A WAY TOO TOUGH FOR BEGINNERS . SO  ONE MUST HAVE A LITTLE PRIOR KNOWLEDGE IN R. ASSIGNMENTS WERE A LITTLE TOUGH THAN EXPECTED. QUIZES WERE CHALLENGING AS WELL. OVERALL THIS IS A GOOD COURSE.
The basics are covered well, but then there are big jumps from what is taught in the videos to what is expected of you in the assignments, which are really tricky. Otherwise, for an online course, this is really good!
It contains educative videos and quizzes, which help to start R programming. One defect: programming assignments are harder than the videos. Often it requires to know additional things to complete these assignments.
The assessments didn't really follow from the course material, or at least not in the correct order all the time. Could be better coordinated between what is taught in advance of programming assignments or quizzes.
This is a very good place to start if you want a career in data science. I really learnt a lot and currently using it my data analysis projects. I would recommend this course to any one who likes to work with data.
I think there is something not so important but occupys a large part of this class. Maybe you can rebalance the priority of this the contents in this class and replenish some introductions of more useful functions.
The course is so hard for whom who don't have a Statistical background. The number of submissions are too numerous for professionnals who have only the weekend to do tem all. The course's projects must be reviewed.
The course was great. It really pushed students to learn R with real world assignments, and the lectures made sense.  The only draw back was the level of the assignments were greater than the lectures and lessons.
I'm really learning R with this course but it's a pity in the last quiz of week 4 the code asked to type in in the last 3 questions didn't work. However it was easy to work out what the question was trying to ask.
A little difficult and fast but you do get to learn a lot. The plus point is that Coursera provides ample of time to get through with this course which really worked for me since and I'm working and studying both.
A useful course dedicated to R programming. It's bit tough for those who have little programming experience, so including more practice sections would help a lot to bridge the gaps between assignments and theory!
Good intro into R and the respective toolchain. Maybe a bit steep for newbies to programming. Also some excursion into the math might have been nice. For non-english natives the terms are sometimes not known yet.
This R course is quite overwhelming for those who start learning R. R course from Duke university will walk  through from step by step. From that, this would be wonderful to learn R from John Hopkins university.
I would like to have more practical exercises aimed at easily fulfilling the final assignment project, since sometimes I have found myself with problems to know which functions to use in order to properly code.
It was very interesting and helpful. But, while the lessons where meant for beginners (such as myself), the programming assignments where for people with previous programming experience and not people like me.
I want to give this course a '5' but I believe it could be more in-depth and could introduce the idea of making packages as a "fifth week" topic. Otherwise, great! I feel well grounded in R and ready for more!
The course was quite useful. The assignments were challenging. The fee, however, could be charged for individual courses rather than for the entire specialization as it would give more freedom to the learners.
Very good introduction to R Programming.  It would be especially good if at the end of the course there were some model answers, though I appreciate the problem of answers transgressing into the public domain!
Good course to start working with data analysis with R.In my opinion, Peer assignments doe not work properly for this type of course.I got a Zero from a peer who definitely hadn't any idea what she was doing.
An order of magnitude more difficult than the intro course. Unexpectedly tricky at times ( esp. if you're primarily versed in programming & not stats ) but more all the more worth it for the difficulty spike.
Great content,but for a beginner like me,I think the course should have more and more code assignment starting from short and easy to the final assessment.On solving the coding assessment,I felt intimidated.
I completed this course with blood and sweat. Programming Assignments will make you doubt yourself. Basic knowledge of programming is recommended. Although course is heavy, its quite informational as well.
Great course, very well structured. Just one thing: for an absolute newbie in programming, it is extremely challenging. Some more guidance, practical exercises, step-by-step explanation would be great.
Get ready to use stack overflow and google a lot. Videos are more technical but give you a good oversight of what R functions r like. Assignments were sufficiently challenging as a beginner programmer.
Found lectures to be only somewhat helpful.    More engaging production as opposed to just voice over ppt would be much better.    Learning tools could also be improved to take advantage of technology.
Great course really helpful. But only 4 stars, because I wasn't really prepared for the 2nd Assignment (Lexical Scoping), based on the lectures, and the cache assignment operator wasn't well explained.
Very good programming course. I just would have liked the demands of the tasks to be in accordance with what they give in practice or materials. The tasks seemed difficult to complete, without help.
I would have preferred the 'robot voice' concept from the toolbox course, since it could be updated to more recent R upgrades, but the assignments really made me think and that was my favorite part.
The course was a wonderful introduction to R, though I felt the programming projects were lacking a bit in terms of direction. Definitely go through the swirl exercises to help reinforce everything!
This course is a good starting point for learning the bits and pieces of R. It shows you how to work with data in a fairly easy manner.The course is well explained and the exercises are challenging.
Quite good if you can cope with the pace. Absolute beginners may struggle. But exercises were challenging enough to make you learn and that's the best part of the course including Swirl Exercises.
This course was almost excellent. The tutorials were amazing. I am just going to complain about Assignment 2; inverted matrices weren't a pre-requisite so it was hard to understand that assignment
Helpful in learning the basics and then some. However, the course assumes you know certain things about the R language and a lot of catching up had to be done (learning from outside sources etc.).
The Week 3 programming assignment didn't feel helpful at all. At least, I didn't feel like I used anything I had learned so far. Just practiced Git, which I'm already relatively comfortable with.
Good course, good lessons, explanations were very clear. However, the las quizzes were a bit challenging and it felt like the previous material was not enough. I do not recoment it for begginers
The content of the course is useful but the difficulty between lecture/practice and assignment (especially the last one) is quite large which requires certain level of self learning motivation.
Course was good and very informative. Only negative thing to say is that the Programming assignments are extremely more difficult than what is taught in the videos and swirl practice exercises.
Some disconnects between assignments and lectures but you'll find that in a lot of classroom settings. Otherwise fantastic content about the basics of R Programming and the environment thereof.
Really hand overview of R and common development practices in R. SWIRL is definitely the one that must be attended in order to get best understanding on the subject if no prior experience in R.
Solid course overall. The instructions and in-class coding examples are clear and easy to follow.Only drawback is that the programming assignments are somewhat disconnected from the content.
This is an amazing course for getting a better understanding of R programming. Gave me a deeper knowledge of different aspects of R and the difficulty level is a bit high for the beginners.
I learned a lot fast in the class - but the assignments seemed very difficult, and often didn't match the content of the lectures.  I enjoyed the class, and definitely earned all I learned.
Week 3 was not well organized when compared with the other weeks. The peer graded assignment and the way to use github were not explained well. Other than that it was an excellent course.
Pretty good overview. It would be helpful to potentially add sample code (outside the scope of the assignments) that shows how to best use functions, and overall best way to write R code.
The course Syllabus Quiz and programming Quiz are of best standards.  And Forums are amazing they are very much helpful. while solving the problems and understanding the some of concepts.
It is a course which have collective info, but there is no much hands on sessions explained by the instructor. This course suits one who already dealt with R programming for some extent.
Very thorough and appropriate level of difficulty. Less one star because week 1 is way too much to retain before you get to practice, and there's really no reason to lay it out that way.
Overall the course is a very good intro to the R language.Interactive exercises in R Studio were great.  The lectures are well-done, but only tangentially helpful in doing assignments.
A reasonable primer for R programing, that covers the basics of manipulating data sets. There are a couple of spots where the code is out of date, but that can be easily worked around.
This was truly a challenging course if you're unfamiliar with scripts...in addition the course moves at a moderately fast pace but assignments are doable. Do the r (swirl) assignments.
I find that the quiz helped me better my understanding of the subject much better. I would like if more practical self exercises were included in the course as they really help a lot.
Some explanations need to be more thorough. Also, the concepts required in the assignments need to be taught in the lessons. This course right now can not be finished by a beginner.
The slides are too small to read on mobile devices. Also, it would be more helpful to aggregate all the slides for each lecture or week into a single PDF, rather than multiple PDFs.
The course is very easy to understand, and the package swirl is very useful. However the assignments are very difficult and need spent many hours trying to figure out the solution.
This is an excellent course to acquaint yourself with R. The only issue is that the programming exercises sometimes are not exactly matched to the lectures and practical exercises.
Good course, but there needs to be better linkages between the course material and the assignments, which turned out to be inordinately difficult, especially for beginners like me.
Good for starters, if you have programming experience is really fun and easier. I would recommend some type of follow up, so you don't forget what you learned. Good professors too.
The lecture is step by step and really well-taught and narrated. However, the gap between the lectures and the assignments makes this course quite challenging for new programmers.
This is a very good introduction into R programming. What I think is missing is tidyverse packages that are used extensively, but maybe this comes with later Data Science courses.
This course is about elementary R programming , but programming assignments are not entry level. They are challenge for freshman. Overall it a good course to enter R programming.
It was really beautiful Course Just the programming exercise needs more detailed information as some of the people who are just starting will face issue working with Assignment.
It was good to do, but the lectures were a bit dry.  The swirl exercises were the most helpful but could be harder as the jump between them and the assignments were significant.
A good introduction to R with clear explainations.  Swirl exercises are nice and quiz are ok but assignments are too complicated considering the content taught in the lessons.
I learned a lot about R programming and designing my own functions. My only minor complaint is that the videos didn't generally prepare me for the two programming assessments.
Great course to get the basics of R and have some hands-on experience with writting functions, profiling code, basics of statistic simulations as well as data frames handling.
I will be glad if we have a few solved examples for assignments. It would set up a good base before we get a programming assignment. I had a hard time figuring out everything.
The material provided should be more simplified as it is not up to the mark to understand .Until and unless one does the swirl pakage he/she cannot understand the basics well
Great on line coursequizzes are reasonable and assignments are not easy for the beginner which took decent amount of time to finish. overall great experience for learning R.
It is a good course for learning R.Every topic is covered, and you get the gist of it. The assignments are harder than the course.You can not become an expert by using this.
Learned a great deal of programming, since I have never done anything like that before. However, the estimated durations per module were quite off for me in both directions
Very good course, however I find some of the chosen covered topic maybe too specialized (ie lexical scoping for example)...however maybe it will make more sense with time.
The course was nice, specially 'swirl' is a great tool to learn and catch back. I do have some issues with assignments which were sometimes very difficult to understand.
The course is great!The only problem that I had as a complete beginner to R programming, is that the assignments were a level harder compared to what the course teaches.
The swirl programming exercises are sufficient and helpful but the assignments are too hard. It would be better if a (more detailed) skeleton is provided for each task.
Very tough. The lectures diverge from the quizzes and swirl examples but all in all were helpful.  Would love recommended book chapters to read to round out the course.
This is a great way to learn R programming and covers really important stuff. However, the programming assignments weren't clear and requires more examples and details.
Interesting outcome (especially for assignments), but the course material could be better and more appealing (instructor basically reads his slides and stutters a lot).
A good introduction to R. The practical assignments with Swirl will help a lot for those new into programming. I recommend to take additional introductory courses in R.
Very nice course. It covers the most important aspects and has good documentation. Is important to dedicate more time to get to know properly the tool and the language.
The course is interesting and very engaging. However, I felt difficulty in writing the codes for the assignments since I don't have a coding or programming background.
Difficulty of Programming assignments was much higher than anything else in the course. Took a lot of "hacker" mentality to complete them...but maybe that's the point!
The best part was the Swirl package to practice. But I think it would be better if you provide more to practice because R  is different than other languages like JAVA.
level of difficulty for quiz and assignments are sky high;it seems in the course you learn how to multiply and in test you are asked to know how differentiation wordks
Pretty good coverage of statistics and dataframes in R. Would consider this worth the money I paid for it and I've used R in the past. Newbies will definitely benefit!
Good course to get started and get you comfortable with manipulating data in R. However, does not cover object oriented programming, pivot tables or advanced plotting.
It is a good course with very challenging assignments. Given the class levels, maybe too challenging. Though I must say I did complete the course before its deadline.
Good one for a beginner. The assignments requires self study from the internet as the material isn't at par with the assignments, they've slightly higher difficulty.
Good. But may need to check whether all the information in the lectures are updated, such as all the arguments in the function may not work with the latest package.
Not an easy one, but for experienced developer who wants to learn a new language, and all help provided (forum, examples etc.) it shouldn't be too hard to complete.
You have to put in a lot of efforts on your own.Sir Roger D Peng explained too short details. Then again, a good start to understand functions and programming in R
The projects are very challenging for those who have no experience working with R. The syntax seems similar to C++ but the nuances of the code are hard for newbies
Tough, but the excersizes are really usefull and make you get a feel for R. I wouldn't recommend this for a beginner who has never had any programming experience.
I believe it is a great course, but its pretty hard to catch up how to code if u dont have basics of general coding: logical thinking and problem solving aproach.
The assignements are excellent for learning. however, the last assignment for programming might be too difficult for total beginners. need to put in extra effort.
it was  a little confusing where to submit and how to submit the week 3 assignment. I was to learn R not a site to collaborate on R. Okay course though. Cheers
Course is really great. However for the absolute beginners it might be challenging as the assignments and videos assume basic knowledge of stats and programing
A good class.  Some of the concepts required a good deal of research to understand and use, but that research is really the heart of modern development anyway.
The pace of the course can be increased. Unnecessary videos present. Time is very valuable. Fitting max useful information in less time in the most important.
I have achieved my objectives of learning the basics of R through this course. Only I wish there were little bit more information on the plots... ggplot2 etc.
faculty is quite quick...must be clear and understandable to the students. pause and resume this happened quite often....but the overall process is good ...
Good course, at the end a bit difficult as you have to program your own functions.  For a person with no R knowledge at all would be very difficult to pass.
Decent class with good programming assignments. I wish there had been more examples of actually writing code in the lectures, but that is my only complaint.
Only problem was the large gap between the assignments and lectures. Swirl exercises should not be optional as they are the most helpful part of the course.
The course is fun coz of swirl. But the tutorial videos aren't very informative. sometimes it's not so clear. I think improvement can be made at that area.
Designed for everyone who wants to know the basics of R along with introduction on how to play with large amounts of data and get the statistics out of it.
Good course. Would have been great to see a few more examples to explain concepts but otherwise great flow and good support through swirl coding practices.
You might consider splitting the quiz in week 1 into a quiz over the lecture material and a quiz over the programming assignment. Similar to weeks 2 and 4
The lectures were very well-explained & detailed but the assignments were very hard to solve. Overall this was a quite challenging course and I loved it .
Great course. Challenging and requires some independent problem solving, but from my experience, that's the way it should be. Fun and interesting as well!
Very good introductory curse of R language, teaches you everything you need to start your own projects, shows you resources to start learning on your own.
Thank you for course! I really appreciate it, I've learnt basics of R. But I'd expect that there are more excercises and more features of R be highilghted
the course is nice and the lectures are easy to understand but what's bothersome is the skill gaps between what's taught and what's given for assignments
Programming assignment is not fully covered in the lectures, prefer to have subject metter completely covered instead of searching for everything online.
It is a very hard class for anyone who has never programmed before, in order to complete the assignments you have to look for a lot of extra information.
Very good course.  Programming assignments were enjoyable and challenging.  They  may be a little difficult for someone without a programming background
The content was great, especially the swirl() library. The instructions were a little confusing at times, but the online advisors helped to sort it out.
Really great course! I wish though that the programming assignments were more hands-on and that common packages used in industry e.g. dplyr were taught
the level of the material and the level of the tasks did not match, I had to turn to other sources (such as udemy) to successfully complete the course
Good course overall. The course would be better if the learning activities better prepared you for the difficulty of the final programming assignment.
I think the course content is insufficient to handle with the programs assignments. However, it's a very challenging course, therefore I recommend it.
This course is basic but the fist necessary step for anyone who want to be a master. The more your practice, the more you will learn from this course.
A very good course. But i would have preferred much more exercises and may be instructor could have been a bit slow too. Overall I am quite satisfied.
The course is really good. But the peer evaluation is kind hard. If there has the notice to tell the student how to find the peer, that will be good!
Very well designed course covering almost all required aspects of R programming.  It would be much better to add few demonstration of coding as well.
The good course!But, actually, may be toooooo hard for people without previous programming experience. I struggled a lot while trying to complete it.
overall pretty solid. would love a bit more feedback and/or greater correlation between material and assignments. But overall nice introduction to R.
I am not fully satisfied with the course content, but I truly appreciate 1) Swirl Exercises 2) Peer reviewed assignments and 3) Mentor's assistance!
Assignment 3, Q4 was exceptionally hard. Would've been good to have more easy questions leading up to it, as it was I felt dropped off the deep end.
Very good course. But the final test was too difficult. Almost impossible without external help for people like me with no experience in programming
Very good for knowledge and lots of material that's so helpful.It should be so nice if the instructors explains the assignment like coding section.
Great course. I would recommend more instructor participation and also ask that the instructors are more gentile in their approach to the students.
Very well designed course,was able to learn specially through swirl.The last assignment was little difficult but one can manage if he learns well.
coursera videos for R-Programming  is simple and more effective , going foreword , i will be expecting more example are given for each scenarios .
As a beginner, find the course work is a bit tricky compare to the lecture notes and examples went through. It has been challenging and rewarding.
I think homework are too difficult.we should use the function which is not taught in the course.and so, we have to rely the TIPS mentors give us.
Best platform for poor students to have grip on technical courses or those students who have scarce opportunities to learn. Keep the good work up
Can be a little more explanatory..found the assignments little tough but they left me brain storming so I learnt by hit and trial at most places.
Excellent course. Will be very helpful in the future.However I found the pace a litlle too fast to proper assimilation of programming resources.
I think it was a good course, but the examples are basic while the assesments were pretty hard. Maybe it'd be splitted in two different courses.
Slight gap between the swirl assignments and the programming assignments. Needed to google additional techniques to accomplish the course work.
Very well elaborated. Swirl is an amazing way to teach (even though is somewhat easy). Great resources.The tests could have been harder though.
Assignments can be made better. They should increase in level of difficulty , rather than making them quite tough for first time R programmers.
I like the course but I do not feel like the course material prepares me for the assignments. The programming assignments are too challenging.
Great course just the final assignment was a little tougher than what was taught otherwise it was a great way to learn R language.Thanks a lot
Good course, especially for writing functions! At times, the assignments haunted me, but patience and reading the forums and blogs is the key.
The course is great for introducing the RStudio. The Curriculum needs a higher learning curve which I may feel not enough for a 4 week course.
Good content and gives satisfaction that i have learnt and can consider myself at proficient level in R programming after finishing the course
Excellent starting course for R. Concepts explained in detail and comfortably with examples. SWIRL is a must to understand in  greater detail.
Pretty nice! I'd suggest to move the activity on lexical scoping to the 
second week, since that's when the notions of scoping are explained.
I liked the course very much, but o thought the assignments were very hard for beginners like me. I thought the learning curve was too steep.
Wow, it is really a hard work for a student major in advertising. But the professor's lecture is really amazing, and I learned a lot from it.
The course coverage is really good. The video lectures can have more examples from real time projects. The assignments are truly challengjng.
I've learned great things during this course, I feel powerful now! Yet be aware that the first two practical assignments are very difficult.
Good Lessons and exercises. I would have liked introduction to packages like dplyr, but may be that is introduced in other training modules.
This course is great to learn and improve our R programming knowledge. The last assignment is very tough and requires more experience in r
The course offers good insight into R programming for beginners. A little more application and examples would make the course even better.
It is a bit difficult for beginners to complete the assignments without any help. And it also takes a lot of time to understand the code.
It could be better with more reading materials about videos contents, information from videos actually not enough for quiz and assignment
quite tough for someone without R-programming background, should add in more explanation in the course to help beginner passing the quiz
Its very helpful course.It helps me lot for my projects.I learned R through this.Its really good platform for begineers also.Thank you.
challenging course, assignments do not always go hand in hand with what the lessons were about, but I guess that's what google is for.
Excellent course. The exercises and tasks are challenging. I consider it is a course that requires many hours of practice and study.
it's hard to get accomplishment. but i think it would be helpful someday when i work with something that has to do with BiaData PJT
It was a good course. Explained in a simple way. Although assignment were a bit difficult but overall a good course for beginners.
The weekly exercises/assignments are not supplementary to lectures. Otherwise both, the assignments and lectures are informative.
Basics were taught but I wish it was more advanced to the point that I would feel comfortable doing data analysis in R on my own.
A bit difficult. It would be better if there are a bit more practices between courses and assignments! Appreciate the professor!
This course was good. however, I found it difficult to complete the assignments as they were not what was taught in the lessons.
I think the video is much easier than the quizzes and assignments. There is a big gap between the weekly video and the quizzes.
more detailed examples should be put in videos. Swirl is a good option but learning it first time will make a great difference
The course is great overall, but the assignments are far difficult and hardly relevent to what are taught through the videos.
Need more resources to learn about the projects. The resources are online but extra exercises will help to sharp the skills.
This course is very good and a medium level for beginners.You will need use many functions that no have in the explanations.
It's a good introductory course for R programming but it's a bit basic if you already have some experience programming in R
Videos and quizzes are very good. Final assignments for each week are VERY hard and differ a lot from the course material.
Explanation of the course is wonderful but extra practical exercises are needed. SWIRL in not enough from my point of view
Nice introductional course to R! I was only missing some illustrations that would enhance the understanding of the matter.
It is well-organized. I don't know why but compared with the lectures, I prefer the swirl tool they use in this course...
It gives you the basic idea of R coding. Swirl is very good. Homework 3 is a little bit tricky.Overall it's a good class.
Good course overall, but the lessons weren't in part with the programming assignments. Simple lessons, hard assignments.
I can't add a new thread in forum, it always implies me that I need to add more description in the body of the question.
I learned alot during the course. Not only the videos are good, I find the swirl programming part also very interesting.
Assignments and video contents are miles apart, but explanation in videos is very very useful to examine on self enquiry
There is a huge gap between lectures and assignments. This course is unfriendly to people without programming background
It demands you a lot of time, if you wanna be challenged this course is a good idea (if you aren't a expert programmer)
This course is a really nice introduction to the R language. The lectures were good and the swirl exercises were great.
Can move too quickly at times, but is very informative.  I have learned more than I expected in a short period of time.
Very much helpful !!! Really brushed up my R basics and made me comfortable with R. Happy to be a part of this journey
Good course to start learning R,but still missing some explanations in the lectures regarding programming assessments.
It was good. Some topics are complex and maybe they require more explanations, for example when you create functions.
I found this to be a very valuable course. I would intend on taking more programming due to what I have learned here.
Learning sessions and the assignments had a huge gulf in between. But in a way, it was good that it was challenging.
good course, but some assignments are challenging and require programming experience above the level of this course.
practical and straight forward, although if you do not have any background in programming, you may need some support
Great to learn. But some of the assignment instructions were not clear enough, and took a lot of time to figure out.
This course tells me basic functions but if we want to learn it more specialised or proficient, it may let you down.
The material is hard to take in for first time learner and the assignment is too difficult compared to what taught.
Overall it's good. And I think PPT may be much more helpful if there is a video of professor, and some animations.
I have learn lot things about r programming.its most useful to take next step and thankful to all teaching staff.
Thanks for the professors' dedication to this quality course. Hope that the course videos could be more engaging.
Great course overall. Basic principles for using R are covered. It could cover a bit more advanced tasks though.
Course is good start in R programming. Questions in the quiz may be dynamic. i.e. should not be same every time.
Swirl package really gave a lot. The lectures I find to be at times a bit slow-paced. All in all a great course.
Learned a lot from this course but for people without any programming background it might be quite intimidating.
More work has to be put upon working with examples that would help solve quizzes and not only depend only swirl
Lectures and assignments are quite misaligned, should incorporate a more progressive assignment routine instead
More interaction is needed and explanation for programming assignments other than that every thing is excellent
week 3 and week 4 assignments were so hard to solve ,hope you improve the way of writing the problem statement.
I am experienced in C++/C etc and some 50% of the videos i had to rewind.The assignments are really good though
for the last programming assignment, i didnt find the instructions, had to search on internet what i had to do
Dr. Peng is awesome! Thank you very much. I hope there are pre-requisite videos for beginners in R! Thank you!
Really great course. 4 stars for not allowing submissions of quizzes and program assignments without purchase.
Great course for learning the basics in a structured , concise way.A bit basic but a great course nonetheless.
There was some mismatches between what was thought in the lectures  and what was tested as part of assignment.
I learned a lot about R programming and code scripting.  Assignments were a little harder of what I expected.
quite an intense course, ok to follow the assignments and lectures, but the last assignment is a killer. haha
I wish to learn the language and master it. The course provides very good understanding of the basic concepts
Videos were really good ,but then the assignments were complex and not related to what was taught in Videos.
If the lecture could be practical (i.e... lectures + working it on R console), I would learn it even better.
a very descriptive course on r programming. a good guideline for who want to make a future in data science.
It is a very good introduction to R programming. Week 2 and Week 4 assignments were specially hard for me.
This was an excellent course that taught concepts and has constructive assignments to apply the concepts.
It was a little bit hard to study for beginner of r-programming. However, contents of lecture are useful.
Hard assignments which made me work like mad! I think it gave me a good rigorous beginning to learning R.
Pretty awesome course, but some information have to learnt outside of the course in order to complete it.
I learned a lot from this course but I wished it had more assignments so we could practice more and more.
Good course which provides enough details in R programming , acting as an entry point for further courses
Chalenging exercices (I think a little too much), excelent readings, excelent presentation of R language.
It would be more useful if the instructors put forward more resources to practise the programming learnt.
Programming assignments should be better structured and auto-graded. The lecture component is excellent.
I love the examples and the assigment they were really challenging but suitable for starters. Great Job!
The videos were informative but i didn't feel like we used the concepts from the videos very frequently.
Decent basic introduction to R language for those how haven't work with R or just need a quick refresher
Nice course but should have more practice exercises and Coursera should make interface more interactive.
Practical assignments are a little levered up than the course topics. Otherwise, a fine course program.
Much passion on teaching and very good material, but the quizzes do not fit very well with was teached.
Very enjoyable course. Feel like I have a good grasp of R Programming fundamentals having completed it.
The course is pretty amazing. You get to learn more in assignments then in videos and reading section.
great but some learners need to pass some requirements for this course before taking it.  Thank you ;D
Good Course.  The lectures are useful. But you will need to search a lot to complete your assignments!
Interesting Course. really enjoyed the swirl practice assignments. Final assignment is quite difficult
Assignments are unrelated to the lectures of the corresponding week. However, I really learned a lot.
Wide course on R and perfect introduction to its world. Need quite a bit of effort for non programers
This course is quite hard if you don't have some programming basics. Otherwise it is very fulfilling.
The course is easy and fun but other 3rd party connections of this course to git hub make it harder.
It was very good, but the programming assignments weren't clear enough to someone new in programming
A good course covering the basics of R, but thought the speed was a bit too high for a few concepts.
Course was good but i think more information should be added given the importance of this language .
Good questions, Nice forum support, found the videos boring, learnt mostly through swirl and books.
Challenging for those without programming experience. But with hard work and forum, you can do it.
One problem is that the programming assignments are not much related to the corresponding lecture.
I think as new programmers we should get a bit more hints while doing the programming assignments
The lectures are very informative and the exams are challenging, at least for a beginner like me.
It's very good for a first time programming in R course, but it needs more than 4 weeks I think.
Very good foundational course. The assignments are tough and they set you thinking and learning.
Assignments were tougher than what were taught in videos/lectures, but that is how it should be.
i think the course could have been extended to more than 4 weeks just to engage in more practice
Some of the weeks do not give anywhere near the needed information to complete the assignments!
This a great course, but YOU NEED TO MAKE easier assignments, because they extremely difficult.
Gives a good introduction to R. Advised to be followed up by application related courses for R.
Good course. While, project assignment is too hard comparing with what I've learned in lecture.
It is a very worthwhile class, but I think the assignment is a little harder than the lecture.
The course is good for someone with no background of programming. But it is not very rigorous.
Course is well written. The textbook is very useful. However, the material is a bit too easy.
Very worthwhile although needed to keep checking the forums for extra advice on the projects.
Even though is a good course, the assignments are not align with the contents of the course.
Great content with really challenging assignments! An amazing opportunity to really learn R.
The course was Ok. There is a library to make some exercises in R Studio very well prepared.
Very good starter course in R.  I will say that I wish the course stayed in base R more, but
very good learning curve with the excercises from swirl which i found to be extremely useful
Best Course  for Beginners in R. Swirl Exercises are very good to learn faster. Must Do them
Excellent, except the programming assignments. They were partially insufficiently explained.
Good for learning r, assignments are challenging if you haven't done much programming before
contents are precise and well explained. Assignments are well prepared to grasp the content.
Bit unclear examples at times, scripts have excessive writing. Otherwise great experience :)
I did learn a lot from this course, i know where to find the resource to solve my questions.
Very interesting, sometimes there's things that you have to figure out by yourself to go on.
This course helped me to learn the basics of R and to apply it in many problems of Science.
More advice/demonstrations/exercises on when to use what methods would make it even better.
The lectures were informative; however, the homework assignments had a huge learning curve.
Nice course and interesting material but the other students evaluation is quite subjective.
Good fundamental overview of the programming language. I also liked the pace of the course.
Good content, videos are very useful. Also the swirl() exercises are best way to practice.
excellent course for the beginner. best part is that swirl is also included in the course.
Sometimes I felt little bit hard assignments in comparison of contents covered in videos.
This course is great, I loved the topics. However, the last assignement is a bit to hard.
Very Good Coursera. Would Recommend Anyone who is pursuing acareer in R and Data Science.
Good exercises and challenging course, but very hard if you do not know any R beforehand.
great explanations. A bit tiresome but because it goes into great details on the basics.
It would be nice if you could combine the lecture notes into a single file for download.
Great course! Would definitely recommend to those who want to start data analysis in R!
Homeworks and assignments are sometimes harder than what can be found in the textbooks.
Course is very good for beginners and will definitely enhance your R programming style.
Great material and lectures, but a little advanced programming exercises for beginners.
Very much helpful to understand the basic about the R programming. Very well structured
Teaching-wise it was great, but the materials for the assignments were too complicated
I'm a fairly experienced R programmer and still learned a few things from this course!
Great start to get into data analysis. A little difficult for 4 weeks, but manageable.
Thank you. It was a great course.  I believe more emphasis on splitting is essential.
Sometimes function appears to be hard for assignment. All other things are excellent.
Basically rewarding, but there exists a big gap between the lectures and assignments.
Tough course but highly interesting, enabling a better approach to data manipulation.
It would be nice to have more complicated assignments which push brain to work harder
A bit old videos and version, however very useful in regards to processing data sets
Asignment's difficulty level is way higher than what is discussed during the lessons
great overview, but pretty challenging for those without any programming experience.
Very interesting but a very steep learning curve in a complex programming language.
writing functions should be taught and how to apply them should be taught properly.
Its very essential for a data analyst or scientist to learn this powerful language.
The professor expressed the concept really good and it is quite easy to understand.
Great overview.  The Swirl exercises are wonderful for "teaching a person to fish".
swirl is very great to have hands on on R.feel sleepy while watching course videos
a little bit hard in the assignment part, need to move it smoothly to get that far
Good course, although assignment 2 basically had the solution in the description.
Peer review doesnt make sense. I would appreciate if TA or Instructor reviews it.
Hands-on with the videos should be given, instead of cumulative long assignments.
Support material is decent but some more examples in video lectures would be good
A little tough on the assignments and swirl exercises but overall a good course.
An excellent course to get your feet wet, and start looking at R a little deeper
Difficulty level of some assignments are beyond the purview of course materials.
Good course to learn basics of R. It has a good mix between theory and practice.
R is a harder language than I had thought.  This course explores key areas well.
Good material but a lot of time was required to complete the projects each week.
if you're a new programmer, it would be frustrated to strat with this course. ..
Good introduction to R basics, well integrated with swirl library and R Studio.
The assignments were harder compared to the topics dealt with in the lectures.
pretty good. But i suppose that the structure of this course is not very well.
I think overall it was a good course - but a little basic for a 4 week course.
Good course to learn R who plan to or are into data science/statistical field.
This course should have more assignments of R Programming. Remaining are good.
Nice course! Interesting assignments to practice the concepts seen during it.
I think it will be more helpful if you already have some knowledge on coding.
Very good course. But there are a lot more fundamental topics left to cover!
I hope lecture materials will be design as close with the program assignment
Very nice course to learn the basics of R that is required for data science.
Very enriching course. Steep learning curve for beginner in the assignments.
Great course. However, more examples in the contents would be really useful.
swirl practice is great but the professor seems to jump around very quickly
good, can we have mini project as well, so that we have more hands-on to R?
It was good hands-on. The course could have had 1 more week of in-depth R.
Assignment difficulty level was higher than the provided lesson contents.
Course material was taught well but could do with more practice examples.
Too many contents in quite a few time and quite a lot investigation work!
Great introduction to R!Absolutely essential for the rest of the courses.
Very useful for beginner, but the way instructor teach is kind of boring.
Assignments are not what we expected to be according to video lectures...
It was really informative..but need more examples and more pratical view.
I loved the use of Swirl in this course to reinforce the basic concepts.
Training is good, but assignments are even more interesting to work on..
Personally very fulfilling. Learnt all the basic stuff I needed to know.
This course would be one of the plus point for the job I am looking for.
The class experience can be enhanced if there is more console operation.
Good course but need to improve explanation on the different assignment
For lesson 3, the peer review exercise takes a long time to be reviewed
the programming tasks took much longer time than indicated by institute
The Assignments were a bit tough, but  It made me think out of the box.
Good course, a bit too hectic for newbies but totally worth the effort.
It is a good introductory course, but it teaches less than I expected.
Great course though the assigments are not so related with the videos.
More videos on R required so  that solving assignments becomes easier.
very nicely paced and explained, could have been little more extensive
Excellent course; some parts were difficult some parts were not.  A go
good. this lecture inspire me to work hard. study hard and think hard.
Would have liked to do more practice exercises apart from swirl ones.
Very useful! I enjoyed it and immediately found use for it in my job.
More code and result demonstration would be better for understanding.
I would reduce the requirement of using Git.  Otherwise, good course.
It is good but I wished some basic knowledge was also given with it.
creates a very rigorous understanding of R. Glad i took this course!
The course was really challenging and made me enhance my skills in R
Great job...projects were too hard..need more instructions on coding
Very good course.I would recommend others to go through this course.
sir i am finding it difficulty to submit the peer review assainment
Classes don't cover all the subjects required to do the homeworks!!
It is great to know R and r-studio, with those difficult exercises.
programming part would have been better with slightly more guidance
Please add a guide for the submission of the assignment to GitHub.
Nice. Could have been more simple. Beginners would struggle a bit.
This course really help to learn all the basics of R programming.
it has helped me to learn  r language from basic to  intermediate
Assignment is actually much harder than what we have learned in v
This is a good course. Some basics are learnt and explained well!
it is really great! I advice it to anyone who is going to learn R
Lecture is good . However, Sometime, assignment is hard to me...
Too hard.  I needed more programming skills prior to this course
Could have discussed more about data related functions.ThankYou
Very useful, but the jump from theory to excercise is very long
One of the finest courses for R programming I have come across.
I don't feel that the classwork prepared me for the assignments
It's the basics of R, necessary to go through but not exciting.
I'm thrilled with this course and the practice work is amazing
Not really beginner level, but  repays persistence handsomely.
A very good course with good hands on experience through Swirl
Really good course but it should be a little more interactive.
Homeworks are more complicated compared to the class examples.
If there are more R programming examples, that will be great.
A bit difficult technically. However, I liked the instructors
Effective use of time. Jumped into useful things immediately.
great course,  maybe with some more exercises would be great
It would be better if there are more programming practice to
There is a gap between the lectures and programming homework
Steep learning curve but the resources to succeed are there.
should provide some live examples with every thing we study
courseratake quiz and assignmentswirl
A great introduction to what became my favorite language !
videos was boring ,however it gave me valuable information
Need more exercises, examples and perhaps more literature.
Practicing in swirl helps a lot to understand this course.
Nice Course! Quite challenging and good for the beginners.
There is a large gap between the assignments and lectures.
Nicely organised, the swirl exercices are of welcome help
Should be harder; more comprehensive, have more homework.
Some of the assignments are a little tricky for me hahaha
Good course, but needs in depth discussion on few topics.
Provides basic concepts in R.Recommended for any beginner
Great course for a shallow introduction to R programming.
Good start for those who want to learn data science in R
Very useful course. R from scratch. Thank you very much.
Assignments are harder than whats taught in the course.
Very steep learning curve, especially in the beginning.
needs more clarification about programming assignments
Slightly outdated course, but otherwise good practice.
very helpful .learn many things related to  R language
Very complete and related to the Data Scientist career
Week 3 and 4 were the most valuable for me. Thank you!
Assignmets often did not match material from lectures.
Programming assignments can be little more explanatory
R was taught very nicely and swirl is really awesome.
great labs, and practice exercices. I learned a lot !
Good overall, slow at times, and very broad material.
Nice cource, well explained material that is address.
It's a good course and useful with patience learning
assignments are much more defficult than the lecture
Good One , but quiz 3 is not accepting right answers
The assignment quizes were exceptionally difficult.
Good enough to get you up to speed in R programming
Simple and easy introduction to main concepts in R.
Excelent introduction to the R programming language
Tuff assignments really contributed to my learning
some of the examples could have been more in-depth
Shorten the course will be better for participants
A great course that needs a little reorganization.
Its a good course for beginners to learn in depth
It was very good and explained in a simple manner
Very comprehensive course to get on track with R!
Good Course to start your R Programming Learning
Quite challenging, but that's what makes it good
The introduction to R...   Still a lot to learn.
Nice study for starting in field of Data Science
Course can be made more rigorous and exhaustive.
Solid content coupled with hands on experience.
Not easy for a beginner but very well explained
It's quite normal for an online learning course
Not ideal for those who are new to programming.
Difficult but fun! A really good tool to have!
Can be improved by involving more practicality
Great course, well explained and well written.
Good introduction and foundation to grow upon.
More practical examples in lecture would help.
tough Course =D, but thanks for this toughness
very hard course. Very time in mind comsuming.
Good introduction. But could go more in depth.
A little bit too muchMaybe five week is better
An interesting way in learning R Programming.
Course was good but assignments were tougher.
Easy at the beginning, stimulating at the end
Kindly I need more support in practical part.
many interesting topics. I wish lectures were
Nice course for introduction in R Programming
Very good course. Cover the necessary topics.
yes this is the best course i did from here.
Useful tools and knowledge for R Programming
It should be more detailed for understanding
Great Learning and I would recommend the Swi
Very nice. Kept me thinking about problems!
Good but there is lack of practice session.
Videos are boring, but swirl is very helful
Prefer More Sample study during the course.
Could have explained a few more functions.
Nice course but requires a lot of effort !
Pretty decent course for learning R basics
Gathered a lot of additional information.
Quite challenging! I had to take my time.
Awesome & a great experience by learning
Well done a good course for R programmer
ourse was well structured and delivered.
Few more examples would be much better..
Great content delivered at a solid pace.
make the contents even easier to digest
This course was boring but very useful.
the assignment may be too difficult....
Very good start to learn R Programming.
solid introduction to the R programming
really very good begin in R Programming
Good introductory course for R language
This is a great course to start using R
Good Course. Learnt a lot. Thank you :)
This course is very nice for beginners.
It's a hard course, but very fulfilling
A lovely introduction to the language!
Needs for examples into the R console.
Nice course, R-basics are well covered
it should add more example to practice
Good lessons and very good assignments
Thank you course was well structured.
give some coding hints on assignments
Best designed course to begin with R!
love learning thru swirl. helps a lot
Its way more difficult than it looks
Thanks for a challenging assignment!
the explanation need to be more hard
good introduction ! to R programming
Great contents, but disconnect betwe
Good, but I expected more exercises.
Good explanation and easy to follow.
The slides are a little bit boring.
Great course for all R enthusiasts.
Can have more material on functions
nice but not understood some topics
Very useful and practical content.
Detailed and very well structured
I bit more examples would be nice
Tough, very tough but I liked it
Useful but very hard to complete
The assignments are pretty tough
A little difficult for freshman!
Great content and well presented
Many thanks Guys, great course!!
Actually better than I expected.
Why is this review never stored?
4* and not 5* for locked quizzes
Would like to see more examples.
Assignment 2 was a bit confusing
Good to learn fundamentals of R
pretty nice introductory course
It was very fun and exciting!!
Very informative for starters.
Need more practical exercises.
very practical course to learn
Great to learn R Programming.
Somewhat hard, but rewarding.
assignments are really tough
That was a very nice course.
Great to get your hands on !
depth content in this course
swirl is great learning tool
Nice course.  Learned a lot.
Videos are a bit monotonous.
Very good introduction to R
good everyone should try it
practice a lot r with swirl
Too tough for a begiinner.
It was great, though tough
The prof speaks VERY FAST.
Great way to ramp up on R.
Good course to begin with.
Good class. i appreciated
Not easy for new learners
The course is too basic.
good introduction to R!!
Good but not excellent.
covers the basics well.
Solid introduction to R
Good introduction to R!
Some problems with quiz
This is a tough class.
too hard to understand
Good introduction to R
Reading quickly slides
satisfactory teaching
Thank you so much for
Some though job to do
A lot of programing!!
Its a good R course.
Bit tough with pace.
Quite the difficulty
too hard assignments
Need more excercises
wonderful journey !
Quite tough  course
Fun course to learn
Very nice lectures.
Kind of difficult
Strong intro to R
Good course!!!!
Good intro to R
Too challenging
More functions
should be free
thorough!!
Very challenging, but good course.  I've been programming in R for over a year, but there were still some things for me to pick up in this class.  Assignments were a challenge, but satisfying to tackle.
Really interesting course. The interactive coding sessions with swirl are especially useful. Would be great, if you provided sample solutions for the programming assignments, in particular for week 4.
The course can be little more better for folks who are non programmers to begin with. This is an advanced course for a beginner/non programmer, hence would recommend to have a beginner course for non programmers/ R and then this course should be offered.
"R Programming" forces you to dive in deep.These skills serve as a strong basis for the rest of the data science specialization.Material is in depth, but presented clearly. Highly recommended!
Excellent course!  I already knew a lot about R - but this class helped me solidify what I already knew, taught me lots of new tricks, and now I have a certificate that says I know `something' about R!
This was very engaging, however, the level of expectation and effort needed is much greater than course 1 - ToolBox.This is perhaps the best course on R Programming designed for a small duration.
Difficult at times, I regularly used outside websites like stackoverflow to help with assignments, but that's how the real world works, there's no way that the lectures could solve all your problems. Favorite: writing my own functions that searched real databases and returned means, ranks, and useful info. I felt like I took a huge step forward in my goal for data science. Least favorite:  Assignment #2, it felt completely unrelated to anything I learned, I wasted hours just to find out it was redundantly simple and in the end I didn't even find out if my code worked, the grade was peer-reviewed based on if you could correctly upload it to github and if it "looked" like it would work. (How would I know! LOL, I assumed all my peers' code was good enough) Would 100% take this course again.
A very, very excellent course, really be very satisfied with what I learned during these four weeks.

Only one thing, in my opinion, I felt that the "Programming Assignment" are a little bit bigger than what is explained in the videos (and that's really good), but some exercises that are requested in these "Programming Assignments" could still be be added to the list of 'things to learn', for us not to get so lost to these same.
Excelente opportunity to learn a lot. The course is very well prepared introduce you to R programing. Dont feel bad if you dont get it at te first moment. It will be a process of leaning worth trying
I will break down the review into the contents and comment on them. Before doing that and saving the trouble for people who do not like to read a lot - This course is an awesome kick-starter for R-programming.Video Lectures : The speed and content are just perfect. The concepts covered in each lecture and the manner in which it was taught just made them stick well in my mind.2. Quiz - They were simple so I infer that they are meant to test how well we have learnt the concepts. 3. Swirl Practice Programming Assignments - A very innovative way to teach us in the R console itself. I really enjoyed playing with it. 4. Programming Assignment - It was a sheer pleasure to do the last assignment. The level was really good. I found it a bit daunting at first but then caught up by reviewing some concepts.5. Discussion Forums - I couldn't be very active in terms of replying but I never missed to hear what mentors had to say.  I owe thanks to mentors for their awesome posts that gave deeper insights especially Al Warren. I highly recommend this course.  Prof. Peng - your videos are really good and far from boring. And yes, Thank you Coursera.
I have long since wanted to learn R, but other online tutorial sites which mostly involved learning through copy-pasting codes didn't help me well. I had no expectations for this specific module as I know that I have unsuccessful experience on learning R online, but this module helped me significantly. Unlike other online tutorial sites, lectures in this module helped me understand how R thinks and works. Lexical scoping was particularly difficult to understand at first, and I also had to rewatch it a few times, but it did help me a lot in actually learning the language. I also like how the programming assignments are laid out as "machine problems" wherein students are asked to create functions that also require us to search for other functions on our own. The swirl exercises were also particularly helpful for me in remembering some useful functions that I would later use for the programming assignments. In just one month, I am now confident to say that I know how to R (but I know there's a lot yet to learn hahaha).
This is one of the most frustrating courses I've ever taken. Please do not mistake this for criticism, it is not. This course is basically trial by fire, but at the end of it, I am surprised how much I have learned about R. One suggestion I have for students is this: do not just write the code for the functions from the assignments. Play around with the different functions by writing your own codes. Here are some ideas: write a code that takes in two numeric values and one letter that each represent the corresponding sides of a right triangle.  Your code should calculate the length of the third side using the Pythagorean theorem. Also, write a code that solves a quadratic equation in standard form given three numeric values as elements in a vector (where each element = its respective leading coefficient). Finally, write a code that takes any numeric matrix with dimension [3:n] and runs each column of the matrix through the quadratic formula. Doing this really helped my understanding of the split and lapply commands.
Excellent course. Really. Don't listen to those people saying it is too difficult. You just need to think, probably watch again some small lecture, and probably go to the Discussion Forums (or Stack Overflow in my case to know about how to do something specific in R), to solve the Programming Assignments. It has the right level of difficulty and the instructor, Roger Peng is amazing. He's very excited about the subject and his energy helps to motivate you throughout the course.Maybe just a little bit of programming experience is required (just thinking in programming terms or knowing the basic functions). But really, I believe anyone with motivation, patience (you're gonna need this last one haha), and focus can pass this course without a problem. I almost didn't take this course because of the negative comments I read before starting. But trust me,take the leap and start R Programming from Johns Hopkins University. You won't regret it! Especially if you're interested in the Data Science or Data Analysis field.
I really enjoyed this course!I was already somewhat familiar with R but I now feel much more confident in my R programming skills. I am glad this course was not exclusively helpful for people just starting with R. I learned many new things and I sometimes struggled with some of the assignments (especially week 3 programming assignment) and they pushed me to understand more complicated concepts, which I was really happy about.I thought the swirl library was also really helpful. It solidified what we'd learned in the video lectures, and sometimes delved into things I had not seen before or things we had seen before but with more detail, such as ellipses (as arguments in functions), definition of binary operations and simulations of coin flips.The only part I was not interested in is the history of R at the beginning of the course. I didn't really care for it, but I think I understand why it's there.Overall, I really enjoyed it and I would definitely recommend it to other people.
Brilliant content!! Practice exercises really help you evaluate yourself. A little knowledge of R programming before this course is helpful as that might help understand the slides better. Though it is not mandatory but one can still utilize free resources available online to build the basic knowledge. Also, if you have prior experience with any programming language, that'll be very helpful. Would highly recommend this course.
Great course.Just as a spoiler, in the cache excercise, no one really understood what they answered and admins should change that assignment URGENLTY, because is frustraing. So when you solve that part, don't feel dumb, we all did, we feel you bro.
Thanks to Coursera and Prof. Roger D. Peng for offering such a wonderful course on R Programming. Before the start of this session, my knowledge of R Programming is NIL. After attending the session, I'm confident that I could program in R and level of my knowledge is more than that of fresher. Thanks for the well designed course on R.The Quizzes and Assignments are good and helped me test my understanding. These helped me improve my confidence level as well. I appreciate Professors special video session before difficult assignment. Just following these sessions closely, I could complete the assignment to my satisfaction and have confidence to attempt and complete.I completed this course in the old format. Do I need to repeat it in the new format ?The Discussion Forums are amazingly helpful in sharing subject knowledge and making the learning Fun. Getting help from some corner of the world and getting thanks from some other corner of the world makes this learning truly Universal and great Fun.Thanks again to Coursera and Prof. Roger D. Peng.Wishing Coursera and my Professors all the best and Success always.Best Wishes,S. Ramalakshmanan
1.The assignment is sophisticated but worth it.      I agree with most people that the coding assignments are difficult and I usually spend at least one hour on each function. However, I think this is what makes the course worth it. The videos and swirl sessions are so basic that it only serves as a basic introduction and is barely useful for actual data processing and analysis. The assignments will force you to think about the steps need for building a function to serve your specific purposes.2. Subsetting is the key and needs to be reviewed over and over again.        Personally, I find subsetting in R powerful and a little bit confusing at the beginning. It is really the key to any manipulation of the data sets. Practive makes perfect. I think I will still spend time on reviewing them after the course.
This is an outstanding course. As an undergraduate student in the final year of my degree program, where not a lot of programming was covered, this course has really boosted my confidence in using R studio and has genuinely made me believe that I can programme anything I put my mind to. This course has also shown me that with a bit of practice each day, significant progress can be made to a level beyond what one may have imagined. This course has also enhanced my critical thinking skills, as programming needs careful logical thinking. At times, it can be so frustrating when a code is near functional but not quite working the way one intends, and so by persevering and sticking at it you will get there! I am now feeling ready to delve into the scientific world feeling that anything is achievable.
This is course was pretty hard for someone like me without any background in computer programming.  I had to take it twice to pass it.  Luckily, there are many wonderful people in Coursera and in R who are always willing to lend a hand.  Even if you pass all the basic requirements of the course i encourage you to do an exploration on your own.  There are so many things to learn to make your job easy and to give inspiration to improve your performance in whatever field your in.  It might feel like you're not learning at times or it's too difficult to continue, but once you get there, you'll realize how this wonderful new tool can help you with data analysis and presentation.
If there's one thing about this course that beats all the other regular ways to learn basic R (e.g. datacamp, swirl, reading a textbook, udemy, etc.) it is the MCQ exercises and peer-graded assignments.  I can't begin to describe how satisfying it is to have to figure out on your own just 5 cleverly written MCQs for hours and then have the answer in the console finally match one of the choices. Yes, there are other ways of learning R, but I find this one just sticks in my mind and gamifies the whole learning process. This could just be the strength of Coursera's system, I don't know, I haven't done enough courses to tell. But tell you what, I love this course.
Great class. Lecture was very to the point. I was a bit hesitant on taking this class given my limited programming experience and other reviewer's comments that the homework was significantly harder than the homework. Now that i have completed the class, I mind that as long as I listened to the lectures and did the practice questions, I had no issues completing the homework assignments (granted, occasional google & stackoverflow consult was needed just like any other programming class). I find the course material easy to understand and perfect for a data newb or someone who wants an introduction to data science and processing. Highly recommend this class.
This was a challenging course. I have some experience in stats, but no experience with programming so I spent an extraordinary amount of time fumbling through the assignments. However, the effort was worth it. I am far from fluent in R, but I do feel like I know how to talk in R, pose questions about code, and begin to build functions with my knowledge. Have plenty more to learn, but fumbling through this course has definitely given me a good foundation. Tips for anyone thinking of taking the course: read the discussion forums, learn to look for answers online, and be patient if you're unfamiliar with programming languages.
I am a programming beginner and this class took me many many hours to work through seemingly simple assignments. When I did arrive at the right answer, I was happy and proud and recognized my growth. I guess that's the nature of programming. I found that the swirl practice assignments were helpful, if not simply enjoyable. In the forums there were a select few mentors that were quite helpful. I did almost prefer the robotic voice of the Data Science Toolbox over the videos that were presented here. I would have not been able to do the final assignment without dplyr knowledge from Getting and Cleaning Data. Continuing on!
I rate this course as the beta-testing (not that I had completed this course prior the beta started). 1) the course is still very good with a lot of explanations and examples2) I liked the part about debugging because we don't see often this topic when learning a new language.3) I liked (but it's only a cosmetic thing) that all the slides have the same template/organization ; it's easier later when we looked back at the lessons to find what we search.4) one (very) minor comment : I watched the videos with subtitles (english) and sometimes it also writes when the instructor thinks "loud", or repeat a word several times
5+ years ago as a graduate student I took a bio-statistics class focused on analysis of NGS data where we used R to do the statistics required in the homework assignments. In that class we mainly used the built-in functions at the console to calculate things like correlation coefficients, but didn't do much real programming or function writing. I took this course because I wanted a refresher in R and because I was interested in learning more about its programming capabilities. From that standpoint I'm really satisfied with the things I learned, especially given the fact that the course is quite short.
I loved the well-thought-out, tricky programming assignments. At the end, I wish there was an 'answer key' or 'hall of fame' for good examples of solutions to the programming assignments. I understand why they can't do this (oversharing/cheating/watering down the challenge for the next class), but it would be awesome to find out if there was a simpler, more elegant or readable solution. R is full of different ways to solve a problem, so it would help us to 'think in r' if we could see worked examples after we're done. That said, the challenge of the blank page is really where I learned the most.
Although there are significant disconnection between the level of difficulty of assignments and what is taught in the lecture videos, the assignment proves to be very challenging and would make your R programming skills improve leaps and bounds. Whenever stuck at assignments, I often search Stackoverflow for specific functions and would be able to find answers from there.Overall, I think this course is suitable for learners who have some background in programming, and I would be continuing to take the specialization courses to find out more about the statistical packages of R like ggplot2.
This course provides me an overview understanding of R Programming. The professor not only teaches the important programming concepts but also teaches how to learn R programming well (e.g. how to ask good questions in the forum, how to solve problem via different functions). I think the grading of homework is creative and helpful. When I have to evaluate other people's programming work, I had to understand what's going on in the assignment. The swirl packages and each of the homework are time-consuming but really helps a lot for me to better understand and use the R programming.
It was very informative and understandable. This course seems difficult in the beginning as we need to remember various syntactic notations. When you are in such a situation, don't forget to start using swirl. Even if you are a quick learner of syntax, swirl takes your journey like a cake walk as it just plants all the course content into your brain. It is such an interactive,student friendly environment being provided in the course that it makes you fall in love with swirl, course and instructor's methodologies.I am really thankful to John Hopkins university for such a course.
The video lectures were engaging with interesting tidbits thrown in to make the potentially dull topic not dull. I personally liked the rhythm and pace with which Dr Peng delivered the content. Also, the swirl exercises are a critical element of this course and I often found it effective to sandwich the swirl exercises between the video and the quiz. Doing this provided an incentive to complete the swirl practice and also made the quiz/assignment less of an exercise in 'dart-throwing' and more of validating what you've learned. Overall, great course to get started with R!
Excellent Course in R Programming for beginners and advanced programmers alike. The programming assignments are a bit of a leap from the course material, so be prepared to be a hacker and search for solutions in the discussion forums, and save time for those assignments if you are new to programming. Most of the theoretical background is not provided and not the focus of the course (such as mathematical statistics, linear modeling, etc), however, the R-programming aspect of them is presented in an understandable way so that the basics come through. Thank you, Dr. Peng.
As a new programmer, I had to chew on this one for weeks and after looping through the video's over and over again eventually mastering it. The swirl exercises are absolutely essential, and so is the discussion forum (and uncle Google / hacking skills). Although frustrated occasionally - and watching others being frustrated or even giving up, I believe the entire course was set up brilliantly. From the assignments I liked the lexical scoping assignment the least. Would have been nice to be replaced by something little bit more encouraging.
I finished this last year with a good background already in R. However, this course took a lot of time, a lot of stackoverflow searching and generally a lot of work! Now that I'm a year removed from the course, I can say that it's been one of the better, more rigorous, more practical and more applicable courses i've taken. I still spend A GREAT DEAL of my time looking for answers online but now the questions and tasks are much more complex now that I've taken my programming skills to higher levels, with lots of thanks to this course!
The Data Science specialisation with John Hopkins University is definitely worthwhile and, as a relative novice in the area, I'd highly rate and recommend R Programming. The lecturer Mr Peng presents the information in a clear and concise way, conducting walk-throughs of different steps, and providing opportunity for practice exercises.   As well, the accompanying book published by the lecturer, learning materials, mentor Mr Warren and discussion board are invaluable for beginners like myself.  Thank you for a terrific course so far.
Well-organized R programming course for academic amateur with some OOP knowledge before! By simply using Rgui, th is class focuses on techniques in ABC's of R programming including not limited to basci objects, data strcuture, controlling sentences, I/O and debugging suggestions.Personally, I take this course for job purpose, but this course falls short for industrial techniques, such as reading/outputting excel, sophiticated operation on data frame, or combining R with Python and SQL.Hope that this comment will be useful to you.
Lectures are well-presented and programming assignments are engaging (but they took me about eight hours to do each week). Swirl was a great tool for getting to grips with how to use the functions discussed. Definitely recommend having a pen and pad with you to take notes throughout - have no idea how the course could be done without doing this. Overall, I found it an engaging and suitably-challenging course for someone new to R , and with a little tweaking of programming assignment 3, I think it could be an industry standard.
I think making this course self-paced is a great idea. This is a well put together course. My only concern is for those who have not done programming before. Maybe a prerequisite course could be recommended? I recall doing an excellent Python for beginners course recently. Personally I'm not a big fan of peer correcting, I know this is a big part of making Coursera work, but for classes like this one, I think something like SWIRL would work best. Anyway, that was my two cents. KEEP OF THE GREAT WORK, YOU GUYS ROCK! :)
Wonderful course, it forced me to depend on myself. I had to search, I had to read and go through lots of articles, questions, solutions and tutorials online and also, in the discussion board to solve the assignments.  I believe it is the best way for someone to get knee deep and learn the language. This is exactly the methodology that should be followed in the real world. One would have to search and find solutions for any issues that are encountered. I enjoyed it and moving on to completing the specialization.
Amazing course! You get to learn the in-depth nuances of R-Programming. Not just that, this course makes you work really hard. You need to troubleshoot your own problems, and you find even better code, a smarter and an even more lean way of coding which is simply brilliant! If you're looking for a course that will help you grasp R Programming, I would strongly recommend going through the entire Data Science Specialization. Kudos to the Coursera and The Johns Hopkins Team for putting up this course together!
It is tougher than it seems. The idioms are R are difficult to master and more time is needed. It is almost as if knowing R is a pre-requisite for this course. The forums were quite helpful. If you spend more time during the week on R and take the same problem and try to solve it in many different ways then you would get more out of it. the lexical scoping, the libraries, the syntax for efficient processing using apply, pipelines are crucial to understand R and not treat it like another procedural language
Excellent introductory discussions in the videos.  The in-R Swirl tutorial is superb - a great way to force you to type out the basic concepts.  Assignments are challenging as they leave a little ambiguity, making you get familiar with the help system and online searches.  This course isn't the fastest way to get an overview of R, but it's a great way to get a little more than an overview, including some practical experience, if you're willing to put in a little time and work through some bumps.
Overall, this course was fairly challenging and at times I would get frustrated, but every minute was worth it after realizing the knowledge I have gained and have been able to use in the real world.  I think sometimes the assignments just kind of dive right in and there's not much hand-holding, but that can be a good thing. My only suggestion would be to extend the course from 4 to 6 weeks and spread out the material a bit, but overall, you just have to be committed and make time.
This is a fast-paced and autodidact course. You'll learn in a real life environment (unlike the incredibly boring DataCamp courses). Instead of providing exercises you must be curious and learn and look for whatever you want. The quizzes were always challenging, sometimes going beyond the course material -which is, in my opinion, a great decission-. I learned in a month what I could have learned in 3 or 4 with DataCamp.I thank Roger D. Peng for making this course possible.
This course is very good for beginners in R language and it is highly recommended for people looking to dive into the world of Data Analytics or Machine Learning. R is very powerful language and this course from one of the reputed universities of the world, John Hopkins is one of the best out there to learn from. The difficulty level of programming assignments is increased gradually to challenge the programmer inside you. Overall a highly recommended course for beginners.
I really liked this course. He covered the basics of the R program and gives activities with Swirl that help strengthen knowledge. As for the evaluations, the questions are to verify if the basic knowledge has been strengthened, but the assignments are quite a challenge since you are on your own which is frustrating at first, but when everything goes well it is rewarding. However assignments are very time consuming, therefore I recommend the course to people who have it.
Excellent course for beginners of students aspiring data analytics as a career. It teaches us the fundamentals of R programming language with utmost clarity and challenging assignments. The discussion forums were very much helpful. Everything goes smooth if we complete the course within the stipulated time. I had a wonderful experience completing my first course in Data Science and also in Coursera. I'm looking forward to complete more courses and strengthen my career.
Maybe its just me that it seemed the instructor speaks very fast that I have a slow mind to comprehend the instructor is discussing. I really have to pause and rewind just to fully understand the topic. Luckily they include an interactive way of learning the topics via swirl and this is really a good idea. A student like me can immediately applied the lessons in swirl and review what is happening. All in all its a great experience learning this course. Good job.
A comprehensive introduction to programming in R, for people already experienced with numerical software like MATLAB and Mathematica it should be fairly easy to grasp some of the concepts of the language.The assignments are not difficult, though it requires the student to lookup for information in R forums, or stackoverflow.Finally, Roger is a great instructor in my opinion - he's very calm and explains some difficult aspects of the language in a clear way.
I must confess that this course is difficult for who is beginning  programming with R, the assignments require a lot of work and they are very involved. Nevertheless, Im extremely satisfied. The book and the lectures are very good and the quizes and exercises forces you to really understand what you are doing or you cannot pass...it is what I really wanted! Thank you Coursera and special thanks to the instructor for his great work!
Wonderful course!  I had never programmed in R before and this gave me all of the foundational tools I needed.  It gives you just the right amount of hand-holding while also requiring you to think critically about what you've learned and what you need to use to accomplish the assignments.  I highly recommend this course to anyone interested in learning R.  Also, the "Swirl" library that was used for basic R exercises was fantastic.
I love R. This course is a great introduction to being programming in R. It is not easy, and this is the 4th time I have enrolled and will finally be completing the course (yay!). Plan to watch all videos (I watch them on 3/4 speed) and re-watch many of them for clarification. It may be easier for those with prior programming experience. Don't let week 2 get you down, do the SWIRL exercises, and ask for help from your classmates.
The step by step instructiona helped me to complete the course
succefully.  I had the best experience
learning it at my own pace, and the interactive learning session was an added
fun to the whole course! ! The Coursera team did a great job.I would like to thank Coursera
team for providing such a good opportunity, for sharing excellent video
lectures and the swirl practica exercices helped me a lot to understand the videos.
I am reviewing at very early stage (after 1 week of my study in this course) but I am pleased with the entire flow, management etc of the course so far.SWIRL is I would say one of the best feature. Along with vid-lecs it gives us a perfect opportunity to get our grip on the programming.Wish we could have such facility with all such programming environments. :) Hats off to all the makers of the arrangements. Thanks a lot :)
Awesome program. I strongly recommend this course to anybody who is looking for a comprehensive start on in R ! There is enough practice ensured in this course through "swirl exercises", "graded quizzes and programming assignments on real world/ professional" data sets. At the end of the program, you will get confidence in R and with continued practice, can champion R for application in your domain. Strongly recommended.
Very good course, very complete and clear.I felt that the programming assignments were a little tough for beginners as me (this is my second R course, by far the most complete of the two, and I have no previous programming experience, and my working experience in statistics is mostly with the Stata package, for non-programming issues).But even considering this I think is a really good course and I recommend it a lot.
Great course for anyone wishing to be a 21st century data scientist. While the course teaches one to write R Programming course, it pushes one to think outside the box. For instance, the ability to create real-world code to load data and be able to interpret it makes this course live. One has to think like a hacker who does not only wait to get everything from the class, but carry out experiments on their own.
Excellent course.  I learn a ton.  I'm already a programmer in a different language, yet I still found the class appropriately challenging.  The lessons and exercises gave me enough information to know what I was trying to accomplish and where to find the answers, without spoon feeding me solutions.  That suits me well, because I learn more from figuring things out than I do from regurgitating information.
Very good introduction course to R programming. After having used the language professionally for two years I took course as part of completing the data science specialisation. While most of the material was well known to me this still proved to be a good review and I even picked up one or two new things. For someone completely new to R or coding in general this will provide all you need to get started.
It was a challenging engagement. It required more time than I planned but in the process I learned a lot. I have a full time job, and I was taking another course in parallel then didn't have enough time for both. All in all without the concepts are clear, lectures are well structured,  and R is friendly and fun. As a beginner I need more practice. The community and forum were a great source for ideas
I had programming experiences in other language when I took this course and I was thinking it's going to be boring and long, but it was not. The instructor pointed very unique features of R (that are belong to R) and just wisely didn't spend too much time on basic coding features like for/while/if-else. Also, I found R very powerful and interesting scripting language specially for data mining.
With this course I was able to going and zero knowledge to very a great understanding of R programming fundamentals. The lectures were very interesting and straightforward, and the subjects are really well chosen for a starting programmer in R. After this course, I think I is possible to run some data exploration and analysis in R (with a little bit of fast google research, if necessary).
Excellent Course! The lectures are very well explained, the practice exercises must definitely be done for practice  (like the name suggests), and every assignment and quiz should be done not from the point of view of marks but understanding the concept and logically being able to implement the task. Complete the course in all seriousness and you're in great stead to use R for analytics.
This course has broaden my understanding about what r programming is. It made me realize that the data that we have today can be used as answers if analyzed carefully. But in order to know the right answers, we need the tools to observe and manipulate what we have. Thank you for giving me a brief but concrete examples to understand how proper handling of data could be used in our lives.
Excelent course! The programming quices are challenging but with the use of the tools provided in the lecture videos and the swirl exercises, and a lot of patience and resourcefulness (and Google!), are tackeble. At the end, thanks to this course I feel confident in my capacity to continue the learning process of the r language, and ready to start using it to write functions of my own.
As a medical student with no programming background, I found this course extremelly challenging. It took me aroud 60h of dedicated work to finish it. The amount of information I learned was certainly rewarding. I definitely recommend the course, as it prepared me for working with some research projects that are happening now in my lab and also settle ground for other advanced courses.
I would rate it 4.5 and rounded it to 5. This course is excellent especially in assignments  contents. It covers R programming from basic to advanced and is very practical from my point as a public health professional. The only drawback is the assignments require much more than what the video courses cover so it will actually cost much more time to complete the course for beginners.
This was a great course in the sense that it helped me in getting a feel of R. I can deal with dataframes, loops,etc with a certain level of confidence. The assignments are challenging.  I know that I am far from perfecting the art of dealing with various objects in R but I can say with confidence that I have grasped all the basic tenets of R (which have been taught in this course)
It's really helpful for me. without any coding experience, it is difficult for me. When try to finish the projects, the logic of coding is simple, I sent most time is debug. I made so many mistakes.overall, it is really a good start course. The forum is very helpful. Now when I have problem, forum is the first place I go to find answer, then google it. Thank you professors!
It is a great course. Smn says taking this course requires programming experience, but I would say it rather requires thinking, patience and sometimes googling =). Practice problems are difficult enough to understand the basics of programming. Lectures are shot, but I personally spent up to 20 hours for completing week assignment. I believe this right approach to education.
While this course advances at a fast pace, and Week 1 fits the needs of beginners, Week 2 is intermediate. It took me 9 months to be able to complete Week 2's assignments! Still, the course is quite good as a measure of progress for beginner-intermediate R programmers, and it helped me a lot in my way to Data Science. I'm sure coming back to pay for the whole certification.
Beware that you will need to study hard for this one: this is one of the most interesting yet challenging courses I have ever been part of, the professor puts you on track and you do the rest, which is difficult but very rewarding. If you are interested in a language that could visually represent data and do various kinds of statistical analysis on.... R is your way to go
Excellent lectures.  Very good format.  Some materials could have used more explanation or guidance from text.  In the end there was a lot of internet searching required, though this is probably realistic in most situations.  The text book that the professor writes is probably very useful for the course, and I wish I would have read it along with the rest of the material.
I know programming but I'm completely new to R programming. I think this course is very useful, since it covers not just R programming itself but somewhat about the programming principle. The assignment is quite challenging for me, but I make it through with the discussion in the forum. Really like the pokemon example of the instructor, it helps me finish my assignment.
Nice course! I learned much from it. However, the knowledge sometimes didn't meet the need of student, especially in Assignment 1&3, which took me much effort and time to figure out the solution. Perhaps, professor can upload some video about the Assignment because many students, as me, would be thrilled and eager to see a explanations and deduction from the professor.
I knew very little about base R when I started. This course taught me all the basic, core concepts (especially scoping, which is really important in helping me write functions). Problems are challenging but so rewarding in the sense that you will learn a lot in order to come up with the correct solution. Love the course. (Spent 1 week on and off to finish the course)
The course is excellent, but it takes more time than I realized (at least for someone like me who is completely new to R). It took me up to 15 hours a week to understand the content well and complete assignments - which was more that I had anticipated. I had to make dozens of last-minute schedule changes to make more time for this course just so I could complete it
Awesome! It's a well-designed course for a beginner. The quizes and assignments ensured that I took an effort to browse and learn a couple of concepts in depth. Swirl exercises gave me a better understanding of what I've learnt from the vedio lectures. All in all, at the end of one month, you'll know all quick and dirty tricks to deal with huge datasets. Thank you!
This is a very usefull course where you learn many tools. There is a large volume of information, which in principle can be overwhelming, but which with the exercises are understood. The activity of correcting the work of others classmates allowed a much better understanding of what was learned. I hope have the oportunity to do other courses. Thanks Coursera Team.
This course is very difficult if you're new to programming and data science, as I was. However it will reward perseverance with practical R skills you can put to use straight away. I'm half way through the specialization and I've already managed to get a job as a data analyst -- in no small part because of the material I learned on this course. Highly recommended.
Good for beginner, but also very useful if you familiar with R but need hand on practical experience with the language.  As my instructor would say at the University, you gonna need practice, and here is where you can start to focus on structured assignments with clear result need for each assignment.  Complete the assignment and you will advance your skills in R.
This program is well structured and provides lots of examples with detailed steps to learning the course material.  The swirl assignments were very helpful in getting you oriented and giving you a broader understanding to the program.I will encourage everyone who want to take this course to do so. There is a lot of help provided again on the discussion platform.
It was a wonderful experience and really exiting working through the extracting and manipulating of data from files and data frames.This course had been a wonderful guide to words this amazing Data science technique.But i would appreciate if you could leave learners with plenty of real problem questions to deal with after the completion of this course.Thank You!
This course was intense and I learnt a lot in the 4 weeks. THe programming assignments are the ones that teach you the most. I spent double the time doing an assignment than what I spent in watching the videos and learning from the internet. Swirl sets you up to deal with bigger problems. Do take this course if you want to learn R in a very structured manner.
Learned R programming for the first time through this course, with only some prior knowledge on the structure of programs in general (pseudocoding). I found this course so useful and learnt so many things. The programming assignments are challenging yet designed in a way that teaches you new techniques and pushes your limits. I highly recommend this course!
I found the video explanations sometimes not enough precise especially regarding the lexical and dynamic scope, however the assignment and the exercises have been for me very useful to gain all competences I was looking for. I really appreciated the combination of exercises and assignments, even if not really easy, but really useful to learn R programming.
I think it would be better if everything you ask in the assignment tasks were alredy cover by the course.  i found myself in the need to search and investigate somewhere else (wich is kind of good sometimes) to now how to solve the problem. My issue is that the difficulty lvl for the tasks were too high in comparation with the things learned in the course
The course is awesome and great to get you hands on with R programming. The course focuses on various aspects of R programming and what I think most important is it teaches you to write functions is R which is the key to accomplish significant projects using R. Thanks to Dr Roger D. Peng, Dr Jeff Leek, & Dr Brian Caffo, for creating such useful course. :)
My name is Jose Antonio. I am looking for a new Data Scientist career ( https://www.linkedin.com/in/joseantonio11) I did this course to get new knowledge about Data Science and better understand the technology and your practical applications. The course was excellent and the classes well taught by the Teachers.Congratulations to Coursera team and Teachers
R isn't easy to get familiar with ... spoken by a C++, Java, Python engineer.   This course was effective at introducing the essentials of R for inputing, manipulating, presenting, along with a basic IDE and debugging/profiling toolset.  I am still wondering when python/R is the better platform ... but presently believe I'm far better off knowing both.
Very good. Even though that it is not completely required to know statistics for this course, I would suggest putting in the requirements something like "basic statistics". For example, I don't need to know about the Poisson distribution in order to apply its function, but at least I might want to know why is it useful to apply those kind of functions.
Great course for anyone who wants to learn R! I had no prior experience in R and it helped me to start and learn basics. After this specialization I really feel confortable working in R. I would not recommend  this course to someone with good knowledge in R since you will be bored, but for every begginer it's a must do. This specialization is amazing!
It is a great course. I have already had experience dealing with R, so it helped me a lot to fix somethings that I had problem with. However, I would assume that in order to take this course, you would have to have some previously owned background in Programming. Even though, it is a great course, I just loved it. Take it, if you enjoy a challenge.
I really want to take moment to appreciate the careful designing of course material. Start from basic and touched every major point of programming. At least we can take this knowledge ahead and use this in more real world scenario. This has given me enough encouragement to stay connected for future guidance. Kudos to Course designers and Coursera.
The flow of the course is really justified. Swirl is really the best part of the course. The course should have more lessons on making functions as making function are really difficult and need to look for lots of sources to form a correct one.  I really pay tribute to the makers of this  complete course. It is really going to help me in my PhD
This course is well structured and the explanations are understandable. I liked best the practice R sessions using the swirl package. Cool thing. I found it a pity, that a few acompanying lecture slides are missing for download. It would be nice if they were available, because they are helpful for programming assignment 3 as cheat sheets.
Learned a ton in this course! Kind of felt like Excel 101 for R, began to understand most of the basic functions and their use cases.It was much much harder and work intensive than part 1, took 5-10 hrs/wk. Can't just knock everything out in 1 day, takes consistent workflow.Recommended if you want to learn, felt challenging but rewarding.
Was tough enough to give me the feel of solving real problems. Would have appreciated a little more explanation of the return types of the looping functions, all time was spent on the parameters and no time on what the data structure returned is. Online documentation is also weak on this point so some instruction would have been helpful.
Pedagogy is amazing, instructors comprehensively explain different concepts with ample scope for practice. swirl() package helped me gain some essential skills in the language as well. I would thank Coursera and Johns Hopkins university for putting together such courses in order for us to learn from such great experienced professors.
This R programming course was well done. Only thing I would suggest is more outside textbooks or websites that offer exercises. For example, a link to another website that does in-depth about manipulating data frames. That would greatly help out with the programming assignments that can sometimes seem different from lecture material.
Thank you, providers! - Well done. Got basics of R, and can use on my job. Liked swirl(). R seems the language well thought in its design. It is a good course. I have personally mentioned some rushy behavior closer toward 3/4 of the course. Last chapters are banal for someone experienced in programming. Overall, nice intro.
I am absolutely in love with Coursera and their course offerings. The information is presented in short, meaningful bursts that allow for proper processing and understanding. I've taken online courses from various other companies, and very few of them come close to matching the elegant design and presentation of Coursera.
It was an awesome experience having to totally dedicate time to really study and learn a whole lot with R. The structure of the course for me prompted me to do further research aside from the materials provided. That enabled me to learn even more than what is contained in the materials and videos. It was indeed awesome.
Even though the lectures are shot and to the point, the assignment helps you to learn many things by yourself. If you try to complete the course within the timeline, an automatic urge to find the solution will come within you.  This is required in distance mode/online education otherwise people don't finish the course.
Excellent introduction! I have been using R on and off for the last 8 years, and have also used it while doing a Masters degree, but was never given a thorough and proper introduction of the basics. This should be an absolute must for anyone using R as an analytics tool be it as an academic or an industry practitioner.
This is exceptionally nice program, it really give me a  great sense of R and some absolutely fascinating skill to work with data. Lecture are really well drafted and pretty comfortable in  understanding, mentor are responsive and replied as quickest as possible. Looking forward to gain the expertise in R programming.
This course and its assignments comprehensively cover and build a very solid foundation for R Programming. The discussion forums greatly help a lot and provide ample support to any roadblocks or doubts encountered while solving an assignment problem or any of the material in general.Thankyou for this course, Dr.Peng!
Its such an awesome course but need a lot of practice apart from the practice exercises. If we don't make a note of the concepts or didn't practice we cant memorize anything. Jeff Leek, he is such a great professor. I think he is the best when it comes to explaining something. I am doing Data Science Specialization.
A very useful course that teaches techniques I could implement at work almost from day 1. Prof. Peng teaches the material in a very clear, well structured manner, and provides good real life examples.The course provides a suite of tools and techniques for data analysis that's a great starting point to build from.
This course was quite demanding for beginner(Especially the assignment..) it would be nice if there is more detail explaination and guideline for the assignments. But i learned a lot from this course and swirl practices were really helpful for me to understand all the functions on R. Highly recommend this course
It is an excellent introduction to R. It required me to do more reading than what was provided via videos and slide decks. Without that additional reading it wasn't possible to complete the assignments. Loved the forum and the mentors. Both are a great help. Lastly, I think a couple more assignments would help.
Assignment is a bit too hard for entry level students, especially if we have to complete it in a week considering some students might be full time employees or students. However, assignment is very good for practice. Might consider adding more contents to let students learn more about build their own functions.
Great introduction to R syntax for someone experienced with Python and Pandas. I was able to start coding in R for my job even before completing this course.My only quibble is with assignment 2. I thought it was of limited value and would have preferred the assignment offer more exposure to the apply functions.
The course was very entertaining and useful. You can learn a lot about R programming and the quality of the professors is just incredible. It is also very nice that professors made material for the course that can be downloaded for free in Leanpub (people from developing countries is very grateful for that).
I would rate this as the best source of knowledge for any beginner who wish to start/change their carrier to data analysis. Would recommend buying book R programming for Data Science. This book covers all the materials of this lesson and also can be a reference book whenever you need any reference in future.
Last assignment was pretty rough because there appears to be a lot of functions required that weren't covered in class but maybe it got lost in the amount of information thrown at you in the short time.  Or perhaps researching how to use new functions is part of the point.  Great class and learned a ton!!
This courses is a great course to start learning and mastering R. One drawbacks, there are so many open source that contain the solutions to the assignments and people who want a certificate can easily get it without understand everything. But if you think a while, what can they do with that certificate?
Very good intro to R programming. Like the assignment project and swirl package to help on hands-on R programming exercise. Even I didn't pay for the specialization, I love the way assignment is organized and gives expected output/results to your code, so I get to know if my code is correct or not.
Great course for someone who hasn't worked with R before. However, a previous programming knowledge in any language is helpful when you seal with the assignments. The course gives you a solid ground for basic R tasks but I wish there is one additional more advanced R course in the specialization.
Great course.  I've now a better understanding of R language as the practices and assignments challenged me to think beyond the code.  Of course, a lot of good information exists in Google, but the basics given in the course were the basics to understand all that information that is surrounding.
This was a pretty demanding course but in the end, it was so rewarding.  I wish it was a little easier though.  Also, it took me months to finish due to work and other engagements.  I wish I could have stuck with it week over week.  I believe that it would've taken less time if I had done that.
A very good course on R programming. I would say if you are new to R and programing this is going to be very difficult and you need to spend a lot a time support material. The assignments are not jus the lecture session and need additional effort and reading. But I loved and enjoyed the course
I liked the course very much because Mr Peng has given me very good grounding of the basics of R. I wish to keep learning more about R because this course has certainly motivated me enough to pursue the next course on R.  Thanks team for having me as a participant. All the best to Mr Peng :-)
The course is good!! The interactive swirl tutorials were helpful. Being a fresher in R programming the programming assignments in this course were considerably tough and I think you should provide some sort of hints or programming insights for the freshers to get help when they are stuck.
It was an amazing course as it helped me in improving my concepts, especially through swirl exercises.  they were just amazing. Thanks a lot Coursera for granting me this scholarship (fee waiver), as because of you guys I am able to learn such awesome skills which I cant afford to pay for.
Although I did not take the course as part of a certificate program, I was able to learn a lot about R and to apply it to a project for my work.  I see R as both a useful tool to automate routine data analysis as well as a terrific "what if" environment for doing on-the-fly data analysis.
I'd like to see more interactive in course videos, such as showing debug,  functions  demo in R studio. That will give better understandings.  And for explaining functions such as Apply, tapply, better to use a small set of data, 3x3, 9x9 matrix would be easier to understand the concept.
This course is quite difficult for someone starting on programming, however, the instructors provided a great deal of resources to help the students. So it is worth the challenge. Even the experienced in other programming languages may benefit. It is a true "From novice to professional".
I learned so much in this course (especially considering the amount of time I put into it). I was really impressed with the quality and content of the course (SWIRL exercises, videos, and the week 4 programming assignment all went a long way toward growing my skills as a data scientist).
Wonderful experience! This is the first time that I enrolled in an online course. I'm very surprise with the quality of videos and the structure of the course. Congratulations to all members of the Johns Hopkins's team, I hope to complete the full program of Data Science specialization.
Fantastic course! I thoroughly enjoyed the assignments (which were of reasonable difficulty), but my most favourite takeaways were the fundamentals - variable scoping, subsetting and data types. I would have liked some modules on ggplot as well alongside the base graphics introduction.
R Programming is a really fascinating course where you can see award-winning lecturers from Johns Hopkins university teaching useful analytical tools and sophisticated models. I cannot imagine how much I've learned after the enrollment. Great School! Great Class! Recommend to everyone!
Very good and structured introduction to R. The use of the swirl package is great for learnint. The assignments are more difficult than expected, but still in a tolerable level. You stomp into many things you didn't learn, but can easily look up for in Stack Overflow or another forum.
A challenging but fulfilling course. The course materials are helpful, well structured, clear, and concise. Still, they do not cover the entire scope of the excercises/assessment - Google is your friend. Found having an introductory background to R before taking this course helpful.
R programming is thought really well, also they have some of the best programming assignments when it comes to ensuring that the students really understand the data. Best topics include debugging code, best practices and also profiling code to understand how optimized ones code is.
The course material was top notch in terms of teaching the basics. The examples were great too. In terms of cons, there could have been a little more hints for some of the programming assignments especially assignment 3 when it comes to a complete R newbie. Otherwise, great course.
I have completed only first week while providing the review, Professor has made very complex contents very simple, which he would have learned through years in a organized manner , I appreciate the SWIRL package which helps to provide a hands on with a guided tour ... Thanks ......
The course was well structured and well explained by the lecturer. The best feature of this course was to practice concepts learned in lecture material using the swirl library. Programming assignments were good enough to give me the confidence to take on any challenging R Project.
This course is tough! But then we don't really learn anything until we are tested on our limitations. The R Programming course has made me realize the potential of R language is analyzing data. I am really very excited and very satisfied with the way I have learnt in this course.
Excellent Program. Lots of applications. Caution: "What you put is what you get"You put lots of effort, then you learn a lot. Don't expect yourself to be fed with all the information, you also have to do your additional research.This is course is not for the "bottlefed" students.
This is simply a great course.Well pased and full of information.The instructor is easy to understand and makes a good job introducing the language.Prepare yourself though - it is quite a lot of material. Allow yourself to "fail" at some point as you can take the course again.
Very Interesting. I am  a Management student. I want to know the Basics of R programming, This helped me in the better way. This is not for an Advance level, Simply basics and easy to learn. I would say , Before start advance R programming everyone should enroll this course.
Super satisfied with this course! Lecture videos are top quality, the PDF is available which makes studying and going back to the material more easy. The swirl programming lectures are very well done. I learnt more than I expected, quicker than I thought I would! Thumbs up!
The materials are very comprehensive which provide a good start point to dive into a more detailed level. The lecture videos are a bit abstract. Some walkthroughs with real-world projects would make this course more interesting and engaging. Overall, I highly recommend it.
Although video lectures may be short and not too profound, the Swift practices are very helpful. Also, assignments are challenging which is great for actually learning and developing your own code. I feel comfortable exploring data frames and manipulating them with R now.
The material is excellent for some one who want to study coding in R. However, the course could be very difficult if you have no experience in programming in other language. I suggest that the team should clarify that programming experience are needed to take this course.
For someone with no programming background and limited experience working with data, this was a challenging, sometimes (supremely) frustrating, course. But perseverance through the struggle can end in tremendous gratification. Happily, this is how it was - very rewarding.
I highly recommend this course. However, I've got to admit that I struggled with some assignments because the level is above the average. The lectures are clear and well explained, but It would be nice to have more examples in each lecture. Overall it is a great course!
The assignments are harder than what's taught in the course. Perhaps the gap can be decreased which would make for a less frustrating experience. But all in all, it is very rewarding and a basic step towards learning more about R. Thanks so much to Professor Roger Peng!
The lectures give a good foundation while the programming assignments challenge your problem solving. It is necessary to do extra research to finish the programming assignments correctly but in the end the assignments are the most rewarding and best driver for learning.
The course has really made me push myself to get better at learn how to code in R but also understand the theory behind R and how the code works. It has been quite intense but I know that I needed this in order to boost my confidence and learn what I needed to about R.
The read.csv needs better explanation and an example. Although Dr. Peng's book provided a great deal of clarity that did not appear in the lectures and related material. nevertheless, with a great deal of effort I have acquired a greater conceptual understanding of R.
This was a really comprehensive R Programming Course but i would definitely recommend the pace of the course to be slow for the beginners as they are takers from non programming background. Also there should be more practice even though less content is covered.Thanks
Excellent course. Learned basics of R programming. Enough to carry forward on my own to do more advanced level of R programming! Very informative tutorials. Quizzes and Assignments are tricky and make you learn a lot. The hints provided by the mentors were valuable!
The course has detailed information about R programming. Not only theory but the examples that are shown after every slide followed by assignments provides very good hands on experience. Really loved it. Thank you coursera and its associates for wonderful guidance.
Clear video lectures, all presentation files are provided and kept up to date. Swirl is particularly useful. What is missing to my taste is more reading recommendation, not only the books from the instructors. Otherwise, I think it is a good course to start with R.
I guess this course is part of one of the best Data Science specializations. The lecturers are very knowledgable and they explain extremely good. If you want to learn R in combination with the data science, this specialization is certainly very recommended for you.
This course is an excellent introduction to the R programming language. I enjoyed taking the course and look forward to applying what I have learned. The lectures are very well done and the assignments, especially those in swirl are excellent for applied learning.
The design of this class is the "Hacker Way" as in you will be spending a lot of your time looking up solutions to the problems rather than being given the answers for each assignment. So basically you'll be forced to learn more on your own than any other way :P
It is fast paced, and exercises have always several "possible solutions" but is a quite good introduction to R which even for people with good programing notions require a bit of a mindset change.Be prepare, R has a lot of potencial and "Libraries" to play with!
Good exercises. While the concepts are presented in lecture, without some discussion my grasp of the material is weak. swirl() helps immensely - the programming exercises are really key for learning the concepts. The discussion groups [TIPS] kept me in the game.
It there are videos explaining the assignment in a more fundamental way, it will be better. Sometimes I feel that the assignment is too hard, without proper tutorial.Regardless, it is an excellent course that properly explain the fundamental of R programming
This course was excellent. I have programmed in other languages and never got such a headstart. The instructors provide an R package to help you through the topics that is just optional, but is actually the real asset to learn the practice of R programming.
Assumes no prior knowledge, definitely helps if you do, but the course teaches you from scratch, at a quick pace. The videos do have links where you can find more reading material, when needed, although highly recommended. Best money I could have invested.
tutorial contents suit the first timer very well, ofcourse i used the R-programming book for further reading but the contents in this course suited my speed and awareness.. was able to learn R very effectively, specially the swirl was very good experience.
Great course to get your feet wet. As a complete beginner to R with a very small amount of prior programming experience, the programming assignments took me around 4-8 hours each. The swirl() exercises were very helpful in reinforcing lecture information.
This course was well-structured and very useful! I have only been programming in R for a few months and I found this very informative and a great way to learn! I would 100% recommend this course and will be continuing on with other courses in the series.
Really enjoyed this course and found it both challenging and informative. After having taken it, another user's advice seems appropriate: Watch the lectures, but reserve your time for the assignments. They can be tough, but that's really where you learn.
Great course! It is the second course of the Data Science Specialisation I have finished so far, and I really enjoy how it goes. However, in my option, some assignments lack clear instructions, what still does not prevent students to complete the course.
Great introduction to R programming. Much more rigorous than other primer courses. The quizzes and project really make you think, and you feel like you accomplished something at the end. I would highly recommend this course to anyone wanting to learn R.
The course structure is very well crafted. The pace and learning curve goes smoothly although starting third week, you would need external resources for help. You do get to learn a lot about R as a computational language with great hands-on experience.
Excellent and challenging introduction to programming in R. Plenty of materials to help you along the way and the course is delivered at a reasonable pace in a friendly and clear manner. Would highly recommend if you want to get into programming in R.
Great course as an introduction to R programming. The course provides a base on which I could build upon. I enjoyed the programming assignments which exercised my ability to troubleshoot problems and search for answers on google and stack overflow.
I find the course very interactive. I want to say thank you to the team members of John Hopkins University for their hard work. I always feel pleasure in learning new things and Coursera has given me this opportunity by creating this MOOC platform.
Best course I have completed on R. As a new bee in R language, assignments was really a tough challenge for me. Now I have gained basic understanding of R language and I hope to do an advance course on R as well in future from Coursera. Thank You!
Very well-taught and well-structured course, with great instruction by Dr. Peng. The programming assignments really helped with the practical aspect of R. Overall, this course is an excellent foundation for the programming aspect of data science!
Such a nice introduction to R Programming! I urge you to take this course if you need essential guides to enhance your coding skills and programmer's mind. Assignments are challenging but rewarding enough to bring you feelings of accomplishments.
The last exercise was excellent (Week 4). Each question exposed the chinks in our code. This challenged the learner to refine the code to plug all holes. However, what I am not sure is how effective is my coide against failures and against speed.
the assignments might be a little bit difficult for beginners to start with but that is what which will trigger a hacker in you and in turn will compel you find the answers and explore new and innovative ways of solving highly convoluted problems
You can learn basic functions of R and do practical assignments on your own. However, the assignments are a little bit challenging, and students need to take some time to figure it out, especially for people who are not familiar with programming.
Undoubtedly the best course on Coursera! This course is great fun, challenging, and loads of learning! I highly recommend this course to all the learners! Thanks to the instructors and the Johns Hopkins University for such a magneficient course!
Very useful course for beginners and intermediate users of R. It gives some very important insights about the infinite potential of this programming language. Definitely recommended for people who use R for professional and/or academic reasons.
Great introductory course in R. Swirl is a very good introductory method for learning R by 'doing it'. The set of exercises were great (allow us to explore R in a more deep level), with very detailed and easy to follow instructions.  Recommend!
Excellent introduction to R Programming...whether you are taking it stand-alone, as part of the data scientist specialization or want to ease into the machine learning side of things . The swirl() exercises are a helpful add. Kudos to the team.
This course provides a great overiew to introductory R programming.  Since taking the course, I have successfully used the precepts learned here for a number of analysis projects.  Coupled with ggplot2 graphics, the results became self-evident.
Great course. But please consider including a reading version of the video lecture, (not the same as the transcript) just like in the previous course (The Data Scientist Tool Box). I found those reading versions of the lectures really useful!
Great course, I loved the SWIRL module. It was awesome. The videos were great and the examples really well though. The instructor has a great voice, he should consider a side job as a narrator, he could do it great. Honestly, I just loved it.
I like this course so much.just because when I was doing this course I have learnt so many thing that will help me in future and thankyou so much sorry for giving me this opportunity.i will surely do more course and learn new thing from you.
This course will provide you with fundamental knowledge about R. It does not only teach you how to do things, but why to do them and it also covers how R works behind the scenes. This is valuable knowledge for anyone wanting to work with it.
It was a nice programming course to start with although  did not have prior skills in programming. I believe that I will use the knowledge to improve my programming skills and hopefully become a data scientist and an expert on R programming
This course was set out in such a way that it was very easy for me to follow. I hope that all the courses in this Specialization will be as well planned and structured as this one. It was very easy to learn the very basics of R programming.
Excellent course ! i aready know about R  but this class very help me .i learn a ot of R basic , but  i was completely lost for week 2+ 4 write functiom assignment - they strike at the level too high level for complete tye beginner for me
This course is easy at the beggining. And difficult at the end. I try to do it at least 2. I will recommend it to all the people who would like to get knowledge in programming and in data science. To these who are curious about the world.
Great course! I got previously some basics in R and this course helped me a lot with more effective programming in R. Especially, thank you for great lectured "functions" module, because I never understood it and now it seems much easier.
Its an excellent course, please take in mind that the effort necesary to finish this course is bigger than the effort applied in the previous one, The Data sciences Toolbox, but the knowledge obtained is very pertinent to data analysis
Indubitably a great starting point for someone who is new to R programming language. The course curriculum is so intutive and well decorated such that it was a challenging task for someone like me who belongs to a CS graduate background.
The best part of the course is swirl. It allows me to refresh my concepts at any point of time as the library is installed in my system. Apart from that this course has a very refined structure which has avoided complexity and confusion.
It's help alot for gaining confidence in my R programming skills. I don't say that it is not for the beginner, but they will need more time, effort and motivation to finish this course. Thanks, Coursera  and Roger Peng for the insights!
Really loved the assignment. I wasn't familiar with R before, but the complexity of the assignments made me dive deep. I don't know too much about data science. But, I think in the real-world scenario I will face these type of problems.
An amazing course! I have had some experience programming in R but this course helped me take my programming to the next step. I highly recommend this course for any level of programmer. It is a great course to have in your back pocket.
Great course! Really useful. It can get difficult at some points, I found that the course doesn't prepare you so well for the assignments if you don't have any background knowledge in programming. However, it is a great course to take.
Overall a very good class. It provides a good introduction to the R programming language with assignments that prompt you to use these skills. However to become proficient more practice is required, just like any programming language.
It brought to me not only the technical ability to work with R but also reminded me of the conceptual gaps I have to fulfill in order to be a better data scientist, more specifically regarding the depth of the knowledge of Statistics.
Very useful course for getting started in R Programming. I would advise to take this course for everyone, who is interested in working with data. I had a pleasure to complete the tasks and to get knowledge about new things! Thank you!
Although I gave a good score in my evaluation, I think that the course should have more practical explanations... The last two assignments and tons of students in the forum may confirm what I'm saying.I am grateful for this course!
It is a great course for learning deep foundations about R programming. The programming assignment were a good challenge for learning a lot of advanced things. Thanks coursera and Johns Hopkins University for offering this course!
I've taken a bunch of online programming courses.  This one is the best.  I loved the swirl package exercises.  They make R very easy to learn.  The tips in the discussion forums are very helpful for getting assignments completed.
The course content is well thought out, covering from very basic to more advanced topics at a steady pace. The assignments are challenging but is doable with some personal research and persistence. Enjoyed the experience overall!
Assignments are good however there needs to me more practice in swirl to cover various functions and libraries, also the question set can include more questions with some dynamic set that changes a bit more in every next attempt.
Great way to learn the fundamental building blocks of R. it is east to get stuff done by just copy pasting snippets of code from StackOverlfow, however this course gives you a good primer on R data types, variables and functions.
Really interesting and challenging course.This course has help me understand R much deeper. It also show me how versatile and powerful of R that capable to help us to solve our problem with a simple and effective way of coding.
A great course to advance programming skills in R. Assignments are sometimes challenging, but thats also what makes it interesting and even more fun if you mastered the challenges and reached your goal. I highly recommend it!
Great Course that introduces to R Programming. The level is high but not too difficult.It introduces to different Programming methods (new to me that come from Functional/Object-Oriented Programming Languages and environments)
Its really well concieved. I didn't have to have past experience in statistics to learn R, yet since I do have some background, it was fun to mess around with it.I learned enough to get me started with R. Thank you very much.
Really nice introduction to a different programing language. To me that have a background in frontend and web backend language, it was a little different and nice introduction to mathematical/statistical programing language.
I am really very happy for completing the course. The difficulty level of the assignments can be scary at first glance, but with the help of the mentors in the forum and their complementary lectures, they become achievable.
Very good introduction to R, and its use of data structures, indexing, logical arguments, lexical scoping etc. The problems at the end really ensure you come away from this course with sufficient knowledge. Would recommend.
This is a really useful course on the basics of R programming. The instruction is clear and friendly to novice programmer. Certainly, this course only opens the door for you, more useful stuff will be learned from practice.
A great introduction, my only suggestion would be to add pdf notes to the 3rd and 4th weeks so the course could be totally self-contained. This is not a real issue, however, because the book is provided for free/donation.
its very good course and I seriously inspired the way it teaches me, first time I opened R programming and now I am little more comfortable, hope and wish I will continue my zeal toward data science, thanks for the course
Excellent teaching method. Achieved the target I was hoping to get through this course. Some of the programming assignments were very challenging but nevertheless with the provided guidance, it is well within the limit.
Very Good for beginners. I learned basics in R in a short time. I recommend to finish all project without help, it seems hard first but after some thinking and research they helped me to understand R language structures
Great course, helped me polishing my existing knowledge of R as well learnt so many new useful things. Many Thanks :)Also, do consider practice on 'swirl', awesome package although the course says it is not compulsory.
Very comprehensive, although might be challenging for beginners. The 1st assignment seems to be much beyond the material supplemented in first chapter. Second assignment is not so much useful for the course as a whole.
This course is so helpful for me learning another programming language. The course materials are well-prepared so I can learn it quickly. And now I want to enroll other courses focused on Data Scientist Specialization.
R programming language is introduced with all the functions and techniques that can be used for data science. The exercises and assignments are very nice to work on and help to better understand the power of functions.
It was a nice experience in being a part of Coursera. The R programming helped me a lot in improving my skills.It was a nice platform for the learners. I am so grateful for providing this oppurtunity.Sincere Thanks .
Excellent programming exercises!  I highly recommend this course.  It's not your typical introduction to R Programming.  Don't let the name fool you.  The exercises will challenge you if you are new to R programming.
some of the assignment I thought difficult cause they were not related to the video lectures, but then you see the discussion forms are always useful, just be patient with the assignments.Really enjoyed this Course.
Very good course. For me, subsetting, filtering and ordering data is a very frequent task. Thus, it would have been even better to go into more detail in this regard; or it would have been nice to see more examples.
It is a very helpful course with a lot of useful examples from real life and programming exercises. This course will imrove your theoretical background in R and allow you to put newly acquired skills into practice.
Thank you so much for giving such a nice platform to learn and improve my skills. The lectures and videos and assignments really improved my R skills and I enjoyed solving each and every task given in the course.
I have taken R classes in grad school.   I can honestly say that I have throughly learned R from this course.   I like the approach and the background foundation that they setup to learn the rest of the language.
A good course. Best for those who have knowledge of R programming or some other. However, a beginner has to do a lot of work. Functions related assignments are relatively difficult compared to the course taught.
This course was very good. Especially for coding assignments, I think that being able to view possible solutions would be a bonus. Often times the grades page says "see feedback below", but there is no feedback.
I don't have much experience in programming but this course has helped me a lot. I really enjoyed the course, trial and error, google and read forums to guide me to the right answers for the assignment and quiz.
The course was well designed, making the learner independent and confident to deal with R at the end of the course. This is going to be very useful for me who is trying to do big data analysis in social sector.
Optimal R-learning course. Teaching key R concepts that are carefully selected and extracted from a huge R knowledge base. One of the best introductions: containing both simple and complex R programming topics.
Excellent introduction to programming in R. The instructor's video lectures are very informative, and the assignments are well designed to test and expand your knowledge. I learned a lot in a very short space!
Gives a good basic overview of R. Easy for people who have programming background in similar languages (python, R), but not proficient in R. It may be hard for people who don't have any programming background.
So far this has been my favorite programming course. This is coming from a person who really doesn't like programming at all. A basic understanding is required in my profession and this course helps immensely.
Best beginner's course in R.  You will learn all the necessary nuts & bolts of R programming, plus how to write your own functions & work with data files in R. Perfect launch pad for a career in R programming!
Head start for learning R Programming. great resource.Though I little improvement needed. Like, when instructor teaches, if he could use digital pen, engagement of students can be improved. just a suggestion.
A course that is very well structured . Hats of the instructor for very good videos and clear explanation of various topics. of the various text books out there, this text is one of the best and a must read .
I have done the previous course in the series that is The Data Science Tool box. So with that in mind I think this course is exceptionally well made. I thoroughly enjoyed the whole course and the assignments.
it would be even better if data frame gets more discussion, such as subset a data frame. As to debugging, how to use R studio debug tool can be included since that is the working environment most people use.
I love this course. Very easy to follow, but also has very challenging homework. THere is some disconnect sometimes between the lessons and the assignments, and often there's a steep learning curve for them.
As a non-programmer, I found this course a grilling, uphill personal challenge, which I successfully completed. I encourage every aspiring Data Scientist to go for this course, as it is tests you completely.
I highly recommend this course for any one who wants to get hands-on experience with R programming for the first time. I enjoyed the lecturers approach in teaching this course and the accompanying exercises.
This is an awesome course!  Prof. Peng explains very well how to become proficient in R programming.  Even if you have no prior experience in the subject, just like me, hard work and discipline will pay off.
very interesting learning experience with coursera. Swirl library is amazing as far as practice is concerned.Thankful to coursera and my respectable instructors who make this successful and possible for me.
The learning curve throughout this course was great!I was not new to R programming but still through this course I have managed to learna lot of new things.Beginners should definitely choose this course.
I excelled my expectations!I'n not sure wether someone with no previous experience learn to code with this course; but I really improved my skills and noted some imperfections in my code after taking it.
Well taught and incredibly useful course. R is a great language for statistical computing and data science, and this course provides a well-paced introduction to the language and some important features.
I am feel the assignments are really helpful. They help me rethink all the knowledge we learned and apply them in the real problems. without the assignments, I would not really understand R programming.
Very good course. The lectures introduce you to R step by step while the swirl exercises give you a hands on experience on the console. Creating interactive tools in R would have been a useful addition
before starting this course i have experience of R programming but this course gives me a lot of new function and how to build a function and  a most useful function str,debugging and Rprof.Thank You!
This course is really good. It's difficult to understand every contents perfectly if you are beginner.But the content of this course is excellent. When you finish, you get a good level of achievement.
This is course is probably my favorite out of the Data Science: Foundations using R specialization. There was plenty of opportunity to practice and further develop by burgeoning R programming skill.
I am pleasantly surprised with the quality of this course. For a beginner, the Swirl exercises are incredibly helpful and I was able to build confidence in working with R because of them. Thank you!
A great introduction to slightly more complicated R programming. Basic concepts covered well and it builds nicely to the point where you feel like you can apply your knowledge to real world examples
The content is superbly designer for a beginner. The Swirl assignments need to make compulsory. Infact they contributed more to the learning process. More Swirl contents will make the course richer.
This is a very thorough introduction to R. There are plenty of exercises to quickly get familiar with the language. Some good guided assignments really help getting familiar with coding functions.
This course fully meets my expectations. It provides a concise starting point and even manages to introduce advanced concepts such as the 'apply' family. The final assignment is fully appropriate.
It is a very important course, despite being at introductory level opens the path to the data science, this is very important and I'm very excited by the possibilities. For me was very important.
For anyone planning to set their foot in the vast field of data analytics and R, this course is what will set the momentum and actually make you fond of programming in R by the end of the course.
Great course for people who work with data a lot. This course actually helps in looking at data in its basic forms, helps understand transformations better, and gives ideas about playing with it.
An excellent course that provides the fundamentals of programming in R. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to start in the wonderful world of programming related to data analysis.
Regards
The course is good however I felt the programming assignments were too difficult compared to lectures. Which however makes us work hard and refer to a lot of solutions to arrive at our solutions
This course is a great place to start learning R (and any programming language at all). Due to it I fell in love with R and the whole domain of data science. Do I recommend it? Yes! Thanks, JHU!
It is a very well organised course. I really like the swirl assignment programming assignments. It for doing exercise and learning at the same time. I am very much impressed and learning a lot.
i am very happy to be a part of this course and i learned very usefull things in r programing through this course.And at last i would like to thank Dr. Peng for giving such wonderfull lectures
very comprehensive for those who has a little coding background but new to R. The programming quizzes are very helpful for practicing coding. I suggest solution codes by instructors be posted.
Excellent course for everybody who wants to know about R and some programming. A basic programming background as a pre-requisite should be required because the pace of the course is very fast.
I really enjoyed this course, you really have to explore R a lot on your own as well. The programming  assignments are easy logically but you really need to get a hang of the "R way to do it"
I felt this course covered an adequate distribution of introductory material in the right amount of time.  In particular, the swirl() library is incredibly helpful and well-designed.  Cheers!
This course is really challenge. The classes are precise, short, and engaging. I can say I learned a lot. The assignments are very efficient in access what the students really really learned.
This is the best place where I have learned a lots about R Programming with efficient and right way. I'm realy recommand this Course if you want to master and proof rapidly your skills in R .
I will recommend it 100%  for those who want to learn R. There are good teachers, explanations, assignments... But it may have some tricky exercises  for those who have not programmed before.
it's very useful and practical, i've learned some things that i didn't have idea before, and this course enriches me in the knowledge in this type of topic, thank u very much for everything.
Very good and broad coverage of the tool needed to start working and checking our understanding of the language,. Exercices are difficult enough to start using advanced functions and skills.
R Programming is an introductory course teaching users the basics of R. While I did think it went over the basics well, the assignment difficulty was a bit too much for true beginners to R.
Five stars are what I can go max. It has perfect content with detailed explanation and hands-on interaction in R makes it perfect. I would recommend the course if you want to up-skill in R.
Great course. I would say at least some programming experience is required for this course, otherwise it will be quite hard to pass it. Great assignments and quizzes, learn a lot from them.
great course and really helpful. Roger Peng is a great teacher and gives a good overview of basics of R programming that forms a solid foundation for the requirements in subsequent classes.
I consider that this is a good course. Is a very useful and esasy way to get started with R. The Assigments are tricky but very useful to start understanding how does R works and thinks :D
From the simplest to the most complex task, with the video lessons and the "Swirl" training package, the R programming module has been essential for my learning in R. Super recommended !!!
Thank you so much for sharing an awesome knowledge that everyone would like to come across.It feels a pleasure that i have been R certified from Johns Hopkins University, through Coursera.
Very good course for anyone willing to learn R. I started with no knowledge of R. This course gave me a solid start. I have built my knowledge over it and I am very comfortable with R now.
Quite difficult, and you certainly need to work hard to figure out the exercises.  The lectures get you started but don't have all the answers.  Not one for people who want to be spoonfed.
Excellent course. I've gained lots of valuable knowledge which obviously will help in my future career. Great thanks to the instructors. They explained complicated issues in a simple way.
Very well taught and the course materials are helpful! I would recommend everyone who wants to jump into R to take this course and definitely do the swirl programming practice exercises !
While challenging, this course did more than simply lay out the basics of R. It moved me to think critically about specific tasks and innovate ways of solving problems using the language.
Thank you for the practical and very hand's on course. Has made me confident about 'R'. My special thanks to Prof. R Peng. Lucid explanation, good flow and good structure of the content.
Though I have learned R for 5 years, I still found some very interesting contents and insight opinion, by the way, all the mentors of this course are very professional and accommodating.
Very excellent course, it has the necessary level to encourage you to learn something more, but not so difficult to quit. I strongly recommend this course to people who wants to learn R.
A great way to learn a new language is through use, using Swirl to teach the language R and at the same time concepts in data science was such an efficient and effect approach. Thank you
It is the best course of R-programming I'v ever saw. Exercises and quizzes help me understand material better. Every week added something new to my skills. Thanks a lot to professors!
Excellent course for someone new to R programming, some of the assignment really test your temperament and tempts you to cheat,but you just need to keep your calm and continue trying.
Great introduction to R programming that provides you with the skills to manipulate data in R including understanding the basics of  vector type operations,  functions and debugging.
The entire course was really amazing and it did help me learn the basics and am really happy that I could solve such complex questions after going through the course material. Kudos
Great course, really ensures depth of learning the fundamentals and not just skimming the practical applications and teaching to the assignments, which is typical in normal courses.
I recommend to everyone this course, in special if you are going to take the "Statistics with R" specialization, because it definitely missing this course as part of their program.
The concepts were explained in a clear and understandable fashion. The functions in the programming assignments were of a higher standard compared to what is taught in the course !
There are a lot of new concepts in this language! Most of them get covered in the videos itself, if not the implementation in the swirl exercises helps in understanding them well!
The course efficiently equips me with fundamental knowledge in R programming. Specifically, I find the questions in assignment well-designed and especially conducive to my study.
It was really awesome! I can recommend this for everbody with a little R background. Without R knowledge it can be a little bit hard, but with a lot of google it can be solvable.
Excellent introduction course to R.It is a very complete course, easy to follow but you have to work hard in the assigment.Highly recommended for an initiation in R - programming
Very interesting course with great base of knowlage. Easy enough to understand for new members and interesting for R-lovers. Mostly I like the Programming assignments! Thank you!
A great intro to the basics of R programming that is especially useful for those who have aren't very familiar with programming, or extremely out of practice (such as myself...).
It is a really complete course to undertand how R programming language works. The classes are really great and the content is really important to work in the data science field.
About the assignment in week 1, it may be challenging as a beginner. But generally it is a great course. Thanks to professor Peng and others who made contribution to this class!
This was a challenging class and it took me quite some time to figure things out. But I feel I learned something. Definitely check the tips provided my the mentors in the forums
I learned a lot through this course. I can feel the difference every time I complete a course. Thank YouSome data were missing towards the end. otherwise, the course is simple.
Hi team, FYI there is a typo in R programming, background material, Week1:Getting started and R Nuts and Bolts - Video : Getting Help  - Slide 9/14 Follow up witht the solution
For a beginner, the assignments were very challenging, but worth it. I learned a lot from the course and feel as if I left the course with a solid grasp of how to program in R.
best teaching and student financial Aid Option is also very beneficial for every class of students. I thank the coursera team for their efforts to run this educational website.
This course about R is perfect, it gives you the tools and knowledge you need in order to do data analysis. I'm going to recommend this course to my peers, thank you coursera.
You need to have some programming experience to take this course. But overall shows you a good deal of R language. I really would which to see more about charts in the future.
The assignments actually go beyond what has been taught every week but on the other hand, they were big chanllenges which really did benefit to improving my programming skill.
I found the material presented in this course to be extremely informative and useful. I would highly recommend this course to anyone that wants to become more familiar with R.
It is indeed very instructional! I really learned a lot with each assignment, some have been easy and some have been hard to work, but in the end everything is well explained.
I learned a great deal in this course about manipulating data in R.  It was challenging enough with a programming background, but not too time-consuming with my busy schedule.
A great introduction to R programming! This course provided the foundation to work with R and move on to more advanced courses. I also feel prepared to begin using R at work.
I found this course challenging, cause I had no programming experience. But I'm being grateful for the community, which helped me in each step to overhelm some tricky issues.
Great introduction to R. The assignments are tough, but stick with it and the result is fulfilling!I now feel more confident with R and will seek to use it more in my career
Exceptional program, but I cannot overemphasis how important it is to read the 'pinned' forum posts before embarking on the programming assignments.  It will save you hours!
Challenging and educational. I learned way more things that I expected. I would just like to mention that there is a difference in difficulty between videos and assignments.
This course is so great! I learnt a lot of useful knowledge about R. Besides, I experienced a meaningful study progress on Coursera. Therefore, I really appreciate the JHU!
This class is packed with clear, concise and useful information. The level of difficulty was perfect for me. I learned through well designed exercises the fundamentals of R
Excellent course, structure, content, and tools have been selected correctly.Happy to have overcome all the high-level challenges in it, I feel rewarded with the knowledge
It is a nice designed course with quizzes and assignments for beginners. But I think there should be more assignments for more practice. All over  it was a nice experience
The programming assignments in the end were very much challenging. I was not able to focus on any other activity when i got stuck at a problem. Very happy with the course.
Great course! I'd say that the assignments are very challenge for someone who never have programming experience before. but overall it's a great course and I learnt a lot.
Clear and understandable. Would have appreciated a bit more of depth in the functioning and programming behind some of the exercises to be given during the video sessions.
Is a very useful course although you need more hours to complete it. Also you need practice a lot. Use swril to practice. It is high recommended. Thanks to the instructors
I loved the way that this course has been structured. In addition, the sheer number of users makes this course more enjoyable since you can get your queries solved easily.
I found this to be a good way to be introduced to R programming. This taste of what's to come solidified that data science and/or data analysis is the career path for me.
Best in all opinion to learn R in such a planned order ...Thank you Coursera and John Hopkins and definitely a big thanks to Prof. Roger D Peng, Jeff Leek and Brain Caffo
The data used for assignments are real world examples which makes the programming interesting. It would be helpful if the course provides sources for some other databases
This course really helps me to learn R programming from the beginning. I am very much thankful to coursera to provide me such a platform, where I can learn data science.
The course is very good. I had learned it as a part of my graduate program and with this four weeks, I learned much more than what I knew and used in one year. Thank you
Nice introduction to R language. Because one thing can done by several way, and after learning about different methods, in beginning it's becoming confusing what to use.
I really enjoy it although it is tough for a begginer specially the assigments but there is help in the internet and the forum so it is fun and good to learn thanks  lot
It was a great experience, the best course ever and the best materials, even when I had no time I downloaded the course and studied it, coursera is the best place ever!
It was a wonderful experience. I have learnt and enjoyed the course throughout the duration. The assignments were also interesting and focused a lot on the fundamentals
Excellent course curriculum by John Hopkin University. Also thanks to Coursera for providing me with such an excellent chance of enriching my knowledge of this subject.
NIce course and good exercises. I'd suggest better and more explanation on scoping rules and examples on updating global variables in a loop or a local section. Thanks!
R Programming is a good, dicdatic and comprehensive course on R. It teaches you how to perform the main operations, subset objects, write functions and deal with data.
I was using R in my thesis but back then I did not understand well the R as a language. This course provide me the basic and intermediate skill to do programming in R.
Very satisfied with the course layout and material. The opportunity to learn both through videos and through Swirl assignments is very helpful for reinforcing lessons.
This is a crash course into R-Programming. If you have never did any programming this course will be a challenge! But it is a good way to get going with R-programming.
This is a very good introduction to R. The material is good and this works well as a introduction to R if you have either high interest or some programming experience.
This is a very well organized course. Thanks to Dr. Peng, Dr. Leek and Dr. Caffo for organizing such a useful course. These lessons will stay with me for a long time.
Worth it. The final assignment was a great challenge, the course seems to cover some good concepts of R, and provide a good base for those looking to learn even more.
Learnt a lot in R especially Lexical Scoping, Datatypes, vector operations, loops and apply commands. I would recommend this course to all my friends and colleagues.
Good course to start off your R Journey. It is guided and has enough validation mechanisms to reinforce your learning. Thanks John Hopkins Team to put this together.
The course provides a good explanation on important  concepts of  R and the assignments are designed well to hone the Programming Skills needed to tread Datascience.
I really liked the course, I learned new things that I did not know.
I will continue with the rest of the courses in this series
Thank you Johns Hopkins University
This course was exceptionally informational and it did upskill and that's saying something because I had applied to a lot of courses but this gave me what I needed
Really useful course. I strongly recommend to spend time on the programming exercises, specially is is long time since your last programming task (e.g. > 10 years)
I had experience with R in a class at my university, and I learned a lot in this course that my class didn't cover. The assignments were more challenging as well.
It was a great course for understanding and using R for basic package. I would like to thank builders of swirl package for such and awesome module for teaching R.
The lectures, swirl modules, and assignments had very high synergy for a multi-faceted learning experience. The pinned posts in the forums were extremely helpful.
The level increases very very fast. For people starting from scratch (as me) will take the to complete the assignments. Challenging, but overall of great quality!
Very good course. It helped to understand the basics and good practice, and helped me in doing research experiments in R using UCI dataset for my research paper.
Exellent for beginner. I literally didn't know anything about R, and was not familiar with programming. This course gave me a step for advanced data programming.
Professor is very well rounded and is quite enjoyable to hear his voice! Keep up the great work, looking forward to the next sections of the data science series.
This was a very challenging class for someone who had no prior programming experience. However, with enough time and effort, I was able to succeed in the course.
Great course to get to know inside and out R programming and not just for quantitative analysis (for me) but also getting to know how R used across other users.
The course was very well taught, and I got to learn a lot of things from this course about R Programming. As this course developed  keen interest in me about R.
Excellent basic course, although I understand that people with no previous programming experience might struggle with it (and even some old programmers like me)
It's great to learn it from here. However, for beginner like me, it was a pretty complicated while doing the assignments. But, thanks anyways for the teachings.
An excellent course to get to know the basics of R programming. The practice material and the assignments really instill the material being taught in your mind.
Assessments always seem a bit more challenging than initially expected and the learning continues. Assessments are not of the 'check the box' type. Well done.
Everything was perfect, a good start to  get to know about programming and data science. By the way, the assignments are a bit too hard for beginners like me.
Solid introduction to R Programming. Assignments took many hours to complete but in the end it was all worth it. Looking forward to Getting and Cleaning Data.
Excellent class with the right level of difficulty and some challenging assignments. I like that it's only 4 weeks long and gives an overview of the language.
Great class, plenty of resources to find help. The resources are great especially since the class is only 4 weeks long. It really helped me to stay caught up.
Very informative, and covers the basics of R quite well. The assignments cover the material well and provide for ample opportunity to experiment with R code.
The course is too good. Beyond my expectations. It includes more like hand on training that I have never seen before. I suggest everyone to take this course.
Good beginners course for learning R. I like the course design, Assignment and online collaboration on the forum!!.  Its is very effective if done seriously.
Really great course with good lectures. The assignments are harder than what you'e expect from the lectures but guess that's part of the learning experience.
It was a great course with great practice exercises, which helped me a lot to understand all the concepts as well as implemented them in an efficient manner.
Great explanation and progression enabled me to gain confidence in R programming. I had the opportunity to gain a new skill during this quarantine period :)
I found this course challenging but very interesting and useful! Still in the dark mostly about the true purpose of lexical scoping in practical situations.
Swirl exercises are simply brilliant! Perhaps you can add more challenging problemsThe assignments push you to research, which I think is a major plus point
The course content was well delivered. Assignments were challenging but very useful to help get the learner up to speed with programming on R independently.
It's very interesting course, what give you a basics of R programming language. The most interesting was the last programming assignment with real data set.
This course, R Programming, challenges the learner to solve problems very aggressively. Instructors are amazing, and the post-course content is remarkable.
Great course! R syntax can be tricky, and it often took a bit of googling and experimentation to complete the exercises. But I also learned a lot doing so.
I am working as BI and using R almost every day.Thank you for this course.
I can say that it very powerful tool for data analysis, especially big datasets.
This class was really good. Coincidentally I was struggling with this type of code. The case is challenging but very well delivered. The material is great.
Excellent course. May be difficult for individuals with little to no programming experience. The programming assignments are fun and will teach you a lot!
Great course. Lots of information. Glad of learning R Programming, it will be very useful for my career.Thank you all for preparing this material so well.
A distinguished course for those who want to put their first step in learning the fundamentals of R Programming in the unceasing journey of Data Science .
The course is well-structured.  Content, and the practical exercise motivate the learner to understand the concepts and make comfortable with R commands.
Really good course, and structured in a way that you have to do a lot of thinking, reading, and research for yourself - forcing you to learn and explore.
high level teachers , and well-organized course, in a pedagogic way. Understandable for non-specialists, requires a significant amount of personnal work.
Really quite a detailed introductory course on R. For those wanting to get a kick-start this would be the perfect course for the cause without any doubt
A good course to gain more experience in programming with R.  The assignments are of reasonable size, and expand on the basics presented in the Toolbox.
Challenging. Its a plus if you have a background on PHP, Python, and Java and not just SAS and SPSS. Otherwise, it would be a steep learning curve in R.
Great course for beginners! Informative, well-structured and straightforward. The "SWIRL" exercises and the introduction to GitHub are also very useful.
It was great experience with R Programming. Mentor was really good to learn online. I feel a bit celebrated explanation required for doing assignments.
I encountered some difficulties in the process, but through getting help, I managed to survive and learn the course. It's been a worthwhile experience.
Awesome, but you need to put hard work into it if you're completely new to R. Assignment 3 will kick your butt and you need to be ready for it; revise!
This provides a solid foundation in R.  I have a lot of programming experience, but I still learned a lot about just how useful R is for data analysis.
Pretty detailed. Programming exercises are worth doing in detail. That's when we learn a lot. Swirl() exercises are also great for easy understanding.
GREAT for learning the BASICS of R.  Nothing too advanced.  Definitely need further classes to use R for anything useful that cannot be done in Excel.
It is helpful course that offer me basic understanding about R programming. Plus, the lecture also provides a lot useful material to read after class.
This course is great, but the assignments are harder than I expected, it seems that there are not enough connections between assignments and lectures.
A great course, well explained history and theory of the language and introduction of language structures, with some practice. A great way to learn R.
This course gives me the chance to think about how to write a function, run the loop and debug. It is my fitst time to enjoy the delight from coding.
High level of difficulty, which met my expectations.Really challenging to complete, but simultaneously excellent for an induction into the R package.
GOOD Course. Little tough for beginners. Datacamp.com basics is easy and understandable than coursera. I have learnt a lot from this course. Worth it
The combination of assignments and quiz were amazing,  It did make me relook at things I though I was clear.  Coding made it challenging and exciting
This course really helped me in knowing what is R Programming. The whole ride of this course was interesting and captive. I really enjoyed learning.
The last assignment was very tough, not for the faint of heart. There were some useful methodologies in the discussion forums but it was not enough.
This course quite useful and very engaging, I did know basics, but I could not practice. Not just the assignments, but throughout the course videos
Great introduction to R. Maybe not for beginers. I have learned a lot. Esasy sort videos with just the necesary things to advance in r programming.
I strongly recommend this course for those who is starting Data Science. This course briefly introduces the R language and for what it is used for.
Course is good but I found the assignments to be a little complex than the course's content. Although it's altogether a great learning experience.
The instruction for the GITHUB is very unclear. I was confused with the 40 digit hash number so it would be great if you can revise that exercise.
The course provides a decent level of exposure to programming in R. One can start developing his/her skills on their own after taking this course.
Great course! The assignments are quite challenging but don't worry, you get plenty of guidance from the discussion forums. All in all worthwhile.
This is an excellent course, however, you need to dedicate at least 3 hour a day to complete it in one week if you have experience in programming.
This course is one of the best courses I have taken! Projects are based on the real datasets and gives you lots of insights about what you can do!
Good course for learners of R programming. Videos and difficulty of questions are very appreciable. Theory is very well explained by professors .
Blew through this course during the COVID-19 lockdown. Loved it. The interactive swirl activities are profoundly helpful. Kudos to Nick Carchedi!
THis is an essential course for a BIGDATA student and it definitely provides an employment who pursue and complete the course with an experience.
Good course for intermediate coders who are learning a new coding language. This course might be a little bit more difficult for beginner coders.
Very, and the best R programming course I've seen online as of yet.A must for anyone who wish to learn R Programming, and advance in Data Science
Thanks the teacher for the detailed explain of R programming, I feel that I start to understand R language. Hope to have more experience about R.
Thanks a lot. I feel very achieved when I finally figure it out with the help of community and monitors even tough met some difficulty in coding
Great courses, even though Swirl is optional, I highly recommend it.  It adds more info to the class content + help remind me of what I studied.
Great class for getting started in R Programming.  Good homework assignments to learn many tasks for building toward more complicated uses of R.
Great course and a great set of professors to guide the students. Completing this course has opened the doors for me to the data science domain.
Excellent course for those interested in learning another programming language and acquire a support for studies in statistical and engineering.
The course is well structured and The exercises are quite good. I had fun doing those. Looking forward to the completion of the specialization.
Great course, very well organized, well designed tutorials on R studio, interesting and challenging assignments.Really nothing negative to say.
highly complex, should have been a little slower paceI think I have no right to complain as i not yet finished my swirl course . totally worthy
A great way to get into the vast ecosystem that is R! I learned a lot, but most importantly I learned enough to know how much I don't yet know.
The course is properly designed for people new to R programming, assignments are bit time consuming.Overall i am happy with what i have learnt.
This course helps to become good in learning fundamentals of R Programming language. The assignments were challenging and helped me learn a lot
This is one of the very good courses to kick off with learning R programming form scratch. Awesomely organized. Thanks a lot team John Hopkins
All the explanations are clear and straight to the point. The pace of leaning is perfect. It covers everything one need to get started with R.
I've learned a lot in this short course. It's not for the faint-hearted to be honest. Many concepts are deep and hard to grasp at first sight
Very good course to start one's data science journey and build strong basics of R. Swirl module particularly was a very good way to practice.
Challenging, but rewarding.  I have been using R for years, and this is by far the best course on R Programming that I have ever come across.
Informative course with interactive practice questions, but it would be great if more hints/ help were given with syntax and extracting data
R Programming is a must do Course in Coursera who want to learn Data science. I am glad that I took this course and learned a lot of things.
Nice and challenging! Thanks so far. The assignments are somewhat hard, but not too hard. Forced me to sit down and think. That's very good.
I've learned much about R Programming, and feel I have a solid base and am now far more comfortable to explore more within this application.
in conjunction with swirl this is a comprehensive starter kit for R. I already have some tools I can use in work (when they let me have it!)
It's a good preparation for a PhD prospective applicant like me. The course is tough but VERY USEFUL and INTERESTING! Thanks all Professors!
Programming in R is different from programming in C and similar languages. After this course it is much easier to understand  Python Pandas.
This course really gives you the basics  you need to become a good Data Scientist. The practical assignment made me adept at R Programming.
As the title suggests it is about programming in R. Not a lot of stress on all the built in functions, useful libraries, or plotting data.
A very wonderfully explained course dealing with the basics of R, helps first timers to learn and understand R programming from the start.
This is a terrific course that introduces the fundamental concepts of R programming and tests the students' mastery of the course content.
The course progressed very rapidly. Only the basics of R programming were covered in the videos, but then the assignments were SUPER hard!
Very complete course for the R programming language, it's only the tip of the iceberg, but the key features are well spot in this course.
This course is well-organized and easy to understand. It provides an exhaustive and useful introduction to R language. I've learnt a lot!
A  very good course and discussion board is the greatest help where you got directions to which area you need to explore to find answers.
This course is very helpful to learn R, swirl videos explain clearly all the technical skill. Assignments are very good to push my skill.
Really enjoy this course even i have done lot of programming and expert in other language but content is good and very easy to understand
I feel this course should be called "Base R Programming" since tidyverse is becoming the new standard for R programming in data science.
Very good lectures. Intense programming assignments worked well, got me up to speed with the basics of R. I would recommend this course.
Excellent introduction to R.  I really liked the "swirl" interactive portion of the course.  The coding assignments were very good also.
I enjoyed this course because of the comprehensive explanation of the use of R. Also, practice exercises are really helpful. Thank you!
Learned many things and many R tricks from this course. Discussed interesting topics I wouldn't have found or thought to search myself.
The format of this course, especially the assignments, forces you to go beyond the normal "memorize, regurgitate" ... loved the format.
I am a big fan of Professor Roger! He is great! Somewhere I find motivation to work so much harder in the courses! Thank you Professor!
I enjoyed the course.  It challenged me more than I expected.  Be sure to begin your assignments early.  Don't wait until the last day!
I highly recommend this course if you want to learn how to program in R. I'm new to programming and I found this course really helpful.
Great courses design, assignments are much harder than things taught in video. The swirl lesson, though not required, is quite helpful.
Excellent course. I am currently studying a graduate course on Electrical Power Systems and intend to use this knowledge in my career.
I felt this course had the right amount of depth for the time provided. It wasn't overwhelming but was still deep enough to be useful.
by following the course and being active in forum you can learn a lot about R programming and you'll be confident enough to code in R
Great introductory course to the R language.   Nice challenges along the way, which made me research more details about the language.
The course is very informative. I especially recommend the swril practice problems. Assignments serve well for learning the concepts.
good course, But I would like to see something approaching codding more like production, or even projects, real life projects to in.
Thank you for all the instructors. Thank you for my classmates who help me grading my assignment.I am so happy to attend this course
nice working with tools and i'm seriously loving to get to know more regarding data science. R programming helps to achieve my goal.
Thanks so much for amazing course , I want to say that this course is more valuable to me and i love your teaching so much and Swirl
The course is challenging but worthy. The forum is a good place for me to discuss or view other people's problem and relative help.
Course was really helpful in understanding R Programming even for the students like me who didn't have any previous background in R
The course covers a good overview of R, and offers a lot of training exercise that are immensely helpful, I thoroughly enjoyed it!
a great course, containing everything that is necessary for the upcoming courses or to start exploring more depth of R on your own
This was an interesting course, but I would suggest to change (slightly) the format of the lectures. Supporting with more example.
This was a very clear, easy to follow introduction to R.  Swirl exercises were a great way to get some hands-on, guided practice.
Very good course, I am learning about R programming in a friendly way, doing exercises and so on. Congratulations for the course.
The course is Awesome. I liked the hospital Exercise, but it would be great if you can add more optional exercises like this one.
Really wonderful course! This course is informatic and the assignment is in great help for a beginner in R. Thanks for your work!
I thoroughly enjoyed the fun (and torture) cracking the codes. Absolutely a must to proceed to rest of the Data Science courses.
Assignment is too hard, teaching content is not enough for people to complete the assignment and requires more detailed guidance
I think this is a great course for anybody who's interested in learning R. Even though it starts at a basic level, you will lear
Nice and informative course...good instructor...due to this course I am able to teach R Programming.........Good Experience.....
Exactly the necesassy overview of R with very detail explanations, if you want to learn R this is the first course you must take
Well designed for beginners to intermediate programmers analytics, Pay much attention on swirl, and other additional literature.
Really well organized and compact. A nice introduction to working with R. A plus for showing were to look for further resources.
Simple to understand, lead you through the basics concepts of R programming language. The examples are clear and easy to follow.
This course is perfectly suitable for beginners like me. It gives a very clear and systematic introduction and basic rules of R.
Very useful and compact introduction to R. After completing this course, you can start working on your data analysis right away.
This course was very compact and useful. I feel more confident about manipulating large data sets with R thanks to this course.
I love it. Especially the the interactive package 'swirl' they have created. I love it !Looking for some other course as well.
The JHU Data Sciences program is relay good and very beneficial for all the researcher, students quantitative related fields.
Great way to get accustomed to the syntax in R! Previous programming experience definitely helps, especially with dataframes.
I loved this course, Roger is an excellent tutor, the swirl program is amazing, I am going to continue using it for practice.
Very helpful for beginners! I learned a lot from this especially about how to code functions in R to utilize whatever I need.
Very nice and quick paced course for someone looking out to get started with R! The concepts are covered in a concise manner.
Very good step-by-step introduction to R. Requires a lot of practice with the language, which is the best to way to learn it.
The quickest way to start using R. In my opinion, previous experience with programming logic is required. Highly recommended.
I've seen a general improvement in quality respect to the other about exploratory analysis, nothing else to say! Awesome job!
This is the base for the Data Science Specialization.  It is s serious course and an excellent introduction to R Programming.
The course comes with an interactive library called 'swirl' that allows plenty of practice in RStdudio. Highly recommended!!
It's nice to have this opportunity to learn R on Coursera! I especially like Swirl, which is a wonderful tool to self-study.
Superb course content for starters like me. Especially the assignments are really good. They help to get the concepts clear.
Course materials and mentor support are great. Programing Assignments can be challenging at times, but are worth the effort.
Good even for beginers. Right doses of theory and practice portion. Useful practice exercises and clever project assignments
the course design is great!  I found the exercises in swirl is interesting!I learn a lot in short 4 weeks! @Roger thank you!
Very straightforward - I took CS in school and these lectures were a lot more clear and concise than those I had in school.
Extremely helpful and easy to follow. The swirl function is of great assistance to help learners revise what they learnt!!!
Amazing Course Work! Beautifully Crafted. Easy to learn and Understand. Interactive and enhancement of Practical Knowledge.
This course has been well designed for a person new to R. The course would be even better with some more complex exercises.
The course moves forward at a good pace and the references of books given were quite helpful. The content is very good too.
This course really helped me understand the fundamental basics of R programming with really cool explanation and exercises.
Excellent course. Good videos, very nice programming exercises.Perfect for someone who wants to learn R for the first time.
Awesome Course, Good documented, effective videos and great new platform. Thanks Coursera for offering such a nice courses.
I love the Programming assignments, there weren't easy but not impossible! Great course for intermediate programmers in R.
This is a complete course of programing in R. I am too happy because I think that I learned many properties of R language.
Great and informative course! Very thorough with all the exercises, quizzes and assignments that are a part of the course.
it has got many things to learn like loops, statements, scoping and bindings. it has improved my knowledge on Data Scence
The course is well structured. I am able to practise and consolidate my thoughts when I was doing the assignment, quizzes
I've learnt many things about R that, surely, will be very helpful to play with data in the future. Thanks professors! :)
The course is not hard, good for new R learner. Some of the links in the material are not accessible, need to be updated.
Had general knowledge on R Programming and techniques to run. It has nice links and is useful for future project as well.
This is a really good course with lots of exercises, the interactive R library is an amazing tool for hands-on learning.
Very solid and useful course! I have learned the coding skills and never imagined several lines in R can be so powerful.
Very useful course to learn R. The videos can be some what boring, but doing the assignments and swirl is very helpful.
A great course that turns an R user into an R programmer. Not an easy course for a beginner but I am glad I've done it.
The course was so useful and helped me understand the usage of R. Assignments help a lot in understanding the concepts.
Relly liked this course. It gives the basics of R- commands that you need to evolve your skills to a higher level. Fun!
I did learn a lot through the challenges in this course and I am looking forward to the next courses of R programming.
A nice overview of the R language with useful skills not often taught in regular classes like debugging and profiling.
Nice introduction to R well adjusted pace and project requiring more than just applying what is explained in the video
A lot harder and faster pased than the Python course with Dr. Chuck, but really great course and super useful material
Great start to learning R! Also builds up your Github profile which is amazing, and getting comfortable with R Studio.
Thoroughly enjoyed the assignments. Very very intelligently crafted to test out all skills. Swirl was superb as always
Good for beginners, it's challenging but once you dedicate to the course, you definitely find it useful and motivating
Excellent course content and delivery. It has kick started me to move on my own pace and dive down into data sciences.
A very interactive beginner's course. Enjoyed the programming assignments thoroughly. Best Regard to the Team.Abhishek
i will suggest this course for beginners. This course contains the basic components which required for R programming.
This was a great course. Hoping they add more assignments to this course that forces students to do more programming.
very challenging but after finishing all the assigments I feel I have done a significant progress on using R language
Best course for learning R but everyone must complete the data science specialization courses for better use of it :)
The material taught was useful, the swirl learning program was fun to use and the assignments were quite challenging.
R is a very interesting and powerful programming language. This course helps to give me the basics to start using it.
Great intro to R. Make sure you work at a steady pace and check the forums for help with the programming assignments.
This Course is amazing. The lecturer is fantastic and the Assignments will teach you how to program in R efficiently.
Nicely organized for beginners. Suggest for more information and lectures on data frame and functions on data frames.
Exceptionally well designed course, great resources for learning and using swirl for practice was highly beneficial!
Never used R until I took this course.  This was a good course to start with and helped me dive into the world of R.
Very clear instructions and with great assignments to make you thoroughly understand the materials through practice.
Excellent interactive coding activities with Swirl , programming assignments and a good introductory overview of R.
This is a very Good Course to Learn R Programming for Data Science and The Swirl Library in R Helps a lot to Learn.
This program is helpful for the person who is not able to learn to code but still interesting for learning program.
Great Course to read and learn something new . Look forward to read and enroll in more advance R course in coursera
Excellent, very didactic and approachable I practice on my computer with R at the same time as I watch the videos.
This is a great course provided you read the book, do all the assignments and really consider quality time for it.
Basic atomic types, functions and scoping covered. Prompts interest in creating you own packages for distribution.
really good course, but i really prefer more demos in the course, instead of simply presenting codes in the board.
I am learning a lot through the assignments! make it more difficult next time so that people start exploring a lot
Great introduction for people with very limited programming experience. Appropriately challenging and interesting.
Very well organized course that starts from basics and continues to help us explore the nuances of R programming.
It's a really good course if you want to learn R, but you'll need to have some previous Knowledge in programming.
This course is very much capable enough to enable an individual to grasp the concepts of R programming language!
The first project was too advanced for a beginner, but after chugging away at these projects you catch on quick.
One of the most challenging courses, yet extremely rewarding after completion.  Learned a lot to apply in real w
The final assignment is very difficult for someone who is brand new to programming, but otherwise a great course
Very good course for those who have already some experience with programming, but want to learn the basics of R.
I think that the course may have gone a little fast in some topics like applying lapply before we learn about it
in starting going good .hope for next slide i am not good in programming please make for easy for new student ..
Really good structure and introduction to R. It stands as a solid foundation for the rest of the specialisation.
Excellent course, it teaches from the most basic aspects to the most detailed characteristics of the R Language
I would like them to focus a little more on linear models. Or they could implement just one R course for models
I have learned a lot of useful tips of how to write my R code in this course. Strongly recommend for beginners.
The contents are rich and the amount of R basic concepts is large. The quizzes are challenging and I like that.
Well structured and crafted for a beginner to learn R programming and get a go ahead expertise in the language.
Awesome Teaching but I failed in Peer graded assignment Please do something because I need certificate urgently
Great course to take your understanding of R from almost zero to adequate to be able to perform basic analysis.
A fantastic class for people familiar with R - it will take a lot of catching up if you've never used R before.
By far this the best course ever for learning R. It's unbelievably tough, but I guess that is how people learn.
A really tough one! I think more courses in this specialization will gear me up perfectly for my career ahead!
Great introduction to R programming and functions. Looking forward to learn and sharpen my programming skills!
An excellent course. Gives a very good overview of basic programming elements in R. Best suited for beginners.
I really enjoyed learning the course. It was useful for a first time learner such as myself to learn with ease
Quizes are informative. Assignments are challenging but not too much so. 10/10. Roger is also a great teacher.
I enjoyed doing this R programming course , my sincere thanks to coursera for this online course.Thank you all
It is a big challenge, but the course it is really useful! If you are determinate to learn R, get this course!
Really good assessment content and structure to the course. Liked that the assignments called up one another.
Amazing learning experience got from the instructors they have teach me from scratch how data to be analyzed.
Really like the swirl lessons, would like to know what methods should we use to solve the assignments though.
Great course especially with Swirl.  I would recommend this to anyone who wants to get their feet wet with R.
The basics were covered in a clear manner and I was able to pick up quickly. Thanks Johns Hopkins University!
Great but I'd like to see the content I completed even after I finished the course. Everything else was nice.
Great overview that is easy to follow as a beginner, but gets into some powerful capabilities toward the end.
I've learnt basic knowledge of R from this course, which helps me a lot about my final thesis in the college.
A very good course for the people who are new to this Technology, I learned a great deal out of this course.
This course is exceptionally good,the course materials are quite compact and are easy to catch for learners.
amazing, however, it's just a good introduction. It should help you start playing with R somehow confortably
mazing course, It is interactive and quite complete. Facilitators prove to be really experts on the subject!
Great course for people familiar with programming and want to extend their knowledge into the realm of data.
Great 101 class on R, including general programing skills that will translate into any programming language.
Great overview of R with practical lessons. It was challenging and frustrating at times and I learned a lot.
Great intro course to R.  Goes over lots of the basics.  But keep in mind it is just that: an intro course.
It a good course to begin with R. It gives you the walk through and logical understanding of R programming.
Must have course on R programming for beginners. Quiz and assignments were engaging as well as challenging.
I studied this course twice. I found it useful, especially for those who want to learn more about big data.
Very good introduction to programming with R. Surprisingly large amount of content for short period of time
Its a great course, however, it needs a more detailed explanation and interactive example during the video
Excellent course for beginners with some basic knowledge on R who want to develope further in data science
I found this course to be very challenging, but also very rewarding. I now feel much more 'literate' in R.
The  assignments are so much interesting the course is also very challenging.I liked this course very much
I really enjoyed this course. The challenging exams helped me learn how to use R to read and explore Data.
A very good class!. However, the course is somehow shallow. More professional skills should be introduced.
It begins from the very basics of R and has a good and comprehensive order to the most advanced functions.
Great intro to R Programming. Programming assignments 3 and 4 are particularly challenging and rewarding.
i really enjoy the course and the exercise in it really helps to understand the  programming side of its.
It's really a good course, the professor explains things clearly and the course is set to be interactive.
I feel the blend of a structured/dogmatic and loose/independent approach to the course is perfect for me.
This is a good course for me! R is a helpful material for data analysis and who want to conduct research.
Wonderful course! As a newbie, I've learned the basic functions and coding process in R language. THANKS!
This most challenging and yet rewarding R Programming class online today. Try it, you will not regret it.
It was a wonderful experience to study in one of the most prestigious and premier institute in the world.
The swirl lessons are very instructive! Congratulations!Also the assignement are enjoyable and well done!
Great instruction by teachers and a good collection of assignments. A great way to learn R for beginners.
I was exceptionally pleased with this class. The workload was about right to really get you thinking in R
Great introduction to R programming with some of the assignments proving challenging, but all achievable.
Very good lectures! The assignments are challenging and I could learn a lot in writing my own functions.
Excellent course. Being a novice I would say little more code practice would help in gaining confidence.
Great and useful overall! It would be nice if some kind of solutions are provided after peer evaluation.
Excellent with a lot of basic knowledge in R programming with some comprehensive assignments. It's good.
This is a great course to start learning R. The material is clear and the the topics are well structured
very good introductory course. It was very fun and challenging overall. Especially for the last exercise
Excellent material and assignments for starters. Easy to follow for independent and self readers. Thanks
Brilliant introductory course for use of R in general programming and data science. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
An introduction to the R language. Fundamental for anyone who wants to pursue a career in Data Science.
A great intro to R. I believe more yet to learn with use cases during this certification as well as IRL
Very interesting and useful course, especially for someone who works on probabilistic graphical models.
Course was excellent. Material was self explanatory. Course Teachers were well versed and very helpful.
This course is informative and hands on of R programming. you will get to learn a lot from this course.
Good Intro to R.Basics of ggplot2 should have been covered along with base graphs or as a separate unit
absoultley loved the course and while giving assignments we cannot completly relay on course  content.
This course is awesome. It gets you the skills you need to do data analysis in faster and smarter ways
Loved it. Incredibly well structured course, especially compared to some others I've done on Coursera.
Excellent course to have an overview of R programming. Very good insight also to be an advanced user.
Excellent course content and sufficient practice questions have been provided along with the course!!
Great class in R, it challenges you a little to think and apply R concepts in various different ways.
Great introduction to R language. The assignments are far way more difficult than the classes though.
A precise course to get accustomed to basic programming in R. Personally the best i have encountered.
Very interesting course and informative. More peer graded assignment will encourage more activities:)
This is a very good course that will help me to make better, shorter and more understandabl funtions.
Awesome, as always. Peng rocks, explains everything and also makes textbooks available. GREAT COURSE!
Really helpful, but the quiz is a little difficult. I think class would  better be extend to 5 weeks.
Good Flow during all the course. Loved SWIRL but the Assignments were a little bit up to the basics.
R Programming is explained in a simple way and the practical exercises are key part of the learning.
Very good course, everything you need to do from low to high level. way good to practice. best part.
i simply loved this course..it have really interesting exercise tool swirl.. best course on coursera
Good course. Covers R basics and some advanced features including debugging and optimizing the code.
Not as easy as I had expected but certainly worth every minute spent on it. Definitely recommend it.
Great course for starters  who are willing to pursue their career  in R programming or Data Analysis
A stimulating introduction to R.  I appreciate the variety of ways in which information is conveyed.
A great course! The swirl exercises are perfect to stud and the teacher has a perfect communication.
I think this is a great introduction to R programming, makes the student think and get independent.
Loved the assignments and was very satisfying when completed. Worth the time I put into the course.
Well explained, good exercises! Happy that I had a little knowledge in R programming before though!
Excellent course on R Programming for all levels of learners. Many thanks to Prof. Roger D. Peng!!!
Excellent course, I really love swirl and how this curse teaches the fundamentals of R programming.
Great course to start learning R ! Clearly explained and the assignments really tests your skills !
Great Course with good hands-on assignments which are good enough to kick start with R programming.
awesome course but more lectures on programming could be added. Last assignment was out of the blue
Hi,I really like the structure of the program, I believe I'll make the best use of it.Thanks profs.
Excellent course!!!took a little long to complete!!!!Assignments are challenging for Beginner level
Easy enough to achieve what is asked, but hard enough to force you to learn how to use the program.
Very good and challenging course. It is not basic (in my humble opinion), but is totally worth it!
Very balanced course with perfect combination of course material, slides, quizzes and assignments.
Diffifult programming language to learn, but well worth it in the end. Lots more practising needed
Great course. The difficulty curve is a little steep at the beginning, but in the end it is worth.
Amazing course guys...Congratulations for this great job...Thank you very much for all involved !!
very interesting and bit hard for newbys. Anyway in result the enormous new knowledge you wil get.
Well laid out and planned course. Could increase the difficulty level of the homework assignments.
Even though its a starting course in the specialization, i wish it could have been more difficult.
Excellent courser. I'm learn very much and it's a very important for my actual investigation work.
Clean and very well structured. A good starting point to search for a book with similar structure.
An amazing course. I strongly recommend for anyone interest in learn more about Data Science or R.
Very good course to start learning r programming and it's provide initial  stimuli to deal with R
Insightful course for people starting out in R. Prior programming experience helps but not needed
Very useful and practical! It helped me enter the wonderful R programming world with solid steps.
Good Course to learn basic R programming with real assignment that let you exercise your brain :)
The course and the instructor were outstanding. I would recommend it to anyone trying to learn R.
Great foundation to programming in R.  Will continue to use as a reference as I expand my skills!
I am really thankful. This course provides a very thorough set of skills for practically using R.
Very Informative, engaging, and personally fulfilling course. A lot of fun to work on and learn.
Definitely learning things in depth that are not usually covered in other R Programming courses!
A very nice course, not too difficult, but on the other hand not too easy to do it in between...
The course is very useful and provides a good platform for data analytics through R Programming.
Introduces to R , and directs the student towards resources for more advanced in depth readings.
Easy to get in the pace. Practice does enhance the ability  in independently writing the codes.
Great course . Loved the fact that we didn't have a robot speaking to us as in the last course.
It has really been a good experience, I actually didn't know that R is such a powerful language
I learned a ton from this course. If you want to get dirty programming in R... this is for you!
Good course for R beginners; lots of real data to practice; swirl() exercises are very helpful.
Helpful and interesting course! All materials are good. I'm happy I've chosen that.Thank you :)
I loved the course. It gives you a great start in R but the assignments can be tough sometimes.
Was very useful for beginners of R programming. Good course. Now I feel I can go forward with R
Nice introduction to R. No errors/irritations in the exercises or tests. The setup is flawless.
Tip of the iceberg. Gentle introduction to R - together with Swirl it is a proper introduction.
Nice, concise and useful set of techniques and topics to get aboard of R programming and tools.
Good for starting R programming, but it would be better if it deal with more in-depth contents
Very well explained. And I LOVE the swirl() practice package, I think it helps me learn a lot.
Amazing course on R programming which gives you all sorts of knowledge from scratch to master.
Amazing experience. The instructor was knowledgeable and assignments were challenging. Love it
Good Course. This course demands more skills and time that previous so it's fine.Thanks a lot.
this Swirl tool is excellent way to learn how to do the real programming, not just theoretical
Thank you Coursera!!!! Class methods were easy to follow, and the help on the forum was great!
Amazing course. Lots of new tricks learned. The assignments were challenging and a lot of fun.
Great introduction.  I think the swirl tutorials are particularly helpful for learning R in R.
An amazing introductory course for R, very well structured and the exercises were challenging
It is a really challenging course but at the same time teach you solving problems by yourself
Every Topic is well explained and related to R programming for intermediate level programmers
Very good material for those needs to understand how to write code in RProf. Roger is superb!
The course could've been more thorough and slow. It was too fast and I couldn't join the dots
As someone who did not have a programming background I found this course very challenging but
Clear, concise and interesting! It will help me greatly in my data analysis research project.
I loved this course!! I learn a lot, really thanks to coursera and Johns Hopkins University.
excellent start for r programming basics and to get an hands -on experience on programming!!
Exceptional detailing of the subject. Fun Swirl interactive sessions. Very good assignments.
One of the best courses i ever had, and I liked how Prof Roger makes it easier to understand
It's very good course and useful but you will be in need for more practice swirl is good too
I found the course efficient and framing very well the important base lines of the language.
Excellent overview of the basics the practical exercises using swirl really kept me engaged.
the learning curve is quite steep, requires more than just mastering what the lecturer said.
This is an excellent course!!! Do this first If you have a plan to learn the R programming.
Excellent course! I would recommend completion of Swirl courses to reinforce ideas learned.
The best course that I have ever taken regarding the introduction to a programming language
Excellent course. Some assignments were really challenging. Take more time than I expected.
Liked very much the way the course is structured. I have learned a lot of new stuff. Thanks
Good intro into R programming. Looking forward to the rest of courses in the specialization
Excellent course structure & pedagogy. This course covers all aspects for beginners of "R".
Thank you! This course is excelent. It gave me a great overview, what all is possible in R.
Great practical exercises and content, I learned a ton! Really having fun with the classes.
Excellent introduction to R. It helps to have prior experience with programming, I believe.
Very helpful course for people who have beginners and intermediate level of expertise in R.
GREAT COURSE! ISN'T VERY ELEMENTARY, SO THIS WILL EQUIP YOU ENOUGH TO LEARN FURTHER THINGS
Very clear explanations, insightful videos, helpful assignments and quizzes. Thanks a lot.
It is a quite useful lecture. Besides, this course provides many fine transalted captions.
I really enjoyed taking this course. Both materials and assignments were a good balance :)
it is very useful for me ,but the only shortage is the lack of chinese sub-title.Thanks!!!
Excellent course, the swirl methodology is excellent, and the instructors are very clear.
A great informative course ever provided by the Coursera to all of us. Thank you Coursera
There is a lot to be gained from this course if you take time to do the assignments well.
I think for beginners,  this course provides a great platform for learning R language....
This is not an easy course, but it is an essential foundation for doing any analysis in R
It was a great course for those who wants to have a fundamental hold on the R programming
Good quality course, I'm auditing it and all the activities are not locked behind paywall
This course is very good for anybody who has no background knowledge about R programming.
Very informative and a good learning process. Assignments help in thorough understanding.
Challenging course but definitely worth it.  It makeThe swirl exercises are a great help.
Challenging and very helpful to learn R & ways of using R in the data science community.
Very productive and insightful course. Made me think in the last programming assignment.
The overall course was cool but the programming assignments were bit hard for beginners.
A really good active learning course. Learning a lot of things by practice with swirl().
Good intro course to learning R. Enough to get your started, and learn more on your own.
Most comprehensive course, I must say. The delivery of lectures is remarkable and lucid.
Excellent course, got me started in a huge way on the path to becoming a data scientist.
Covers the basics of R-Programming.  Some familiarity with programming would be useful.
Very good begin for R-programming, but i think without programming background very hard
Very very precise and to the point content. Exercises Interactive and at good intervals
Amazing course of R programming that will teach you almost everything about R language.
Very helpful and challenging.. I'll be doing more courses from Coursera in the future..
Good course to get basics of R programming.. Use this knowledge to sharpen it further..
A nice course to get introduced to and get comfortable with R Programming very quickly.
Very well structured, the course is demanding enough to both push and keep you focused.
I have been programming in R for years, but I did learn some new things in this course!
This course was great , I learned a lot from it and I am motivated to continue learning
Great introduction to R. Force the student to change the way of thinking data analysis.
Very nice course for beginners in R!!! Practice with swirl is the best of the course!!!
Very good and understandable course. It's a relevant general view about R Programming.
Thank you for handling this course. I am very happy and grateful for working with you.
One of the important course in Data Science Specialization, easy to grab the concepts.
Very tough for a non-programmer novice, but the grading requirements eased my anxiety.
Swirl is great. The Assignments are challenging and really helps you hone your skills.
Certainly tough material, which means that you learn a lot! I truly liked this course.
Excellent course, easy to understand, very useful for start in the data science world.
Fun assignments, and I also really like the Lecture --> Swirl --> Assignment format :)
Excellent course for a beginner. It will help you to practice for the reasonable time.
Really good and explanatory for beginners. Quite useful to in understanding the basics
Excellent hands on intro to R, great for anyone looking to get into data science space
I think that is a course that give the basic knowledge that we need in R programming.
Very complete basic course. I recommend to do swirl exercises to get more experience.
Very interesting introduction to R programming. The swirl exercices are very helpful.
I really like your assignments and quiz. It's really test the skills you have learned
Extra-ordinary Course - Well structured course -Best forum for learning R programming
This course just pushes you to the large world of R to explore, experiment and learn.
Great course for R beginners to get familiar with the basic functions of the program!
Difficult but worth it. You really learn to code in R and tools to apply in your job.
I think this class is one of the most beneficial course in Coursera !!!Thanks alot !!
good course , i have learned more and earn new skills that help me to use r language
Though But I pulled through. The Read materials must be updated to include more info
Good course. A to Z of R is covered. The support team is very helpful. Love Coursera
This course allowed me to learn some keen aspects towards the field of Data Science.
The structure of course is very nice and it is very easy for beginners to understand
Iam very happy to learn R programming  from coursera, I recommend that for every one
This course help me to boost my knowledge and increased confidence in R programming.
Nice course to build the basic block of R programming in a non programmer. Thanks :)
It's a great course. It provides basic information for learners in the first stage.
This learning program is well explained and help me a lot to get detailed knowledge
Good to learn basic from the programming however required alot of reading behind it
Excellent course with good quizz that give you a good view of what you really under
The course is very useful for obtain basic skills in R programming in data science.
perfect course everIt's a good choice for new learner to study!R <- best language!
Great course for introducing syntax and gaining comfort in the Rstudio environment.
Great introduction to R programming. Thanks to all team that worked in this course!
It's a good fundamental class to learn how to use the basic function in R language
The course is well structured and the teacher is really good at explaining things!
Helpful lectures, although the quiz and assignments cover more stuff than lectures
Very useful. Use different tecniques to attack the problem. Theorical and practial
This is one of the comprehensive course on Basic R programming I have come across.
very nice swirl in effectively amazing it helps me alot  thank for the every thing
This is a great course to get a hands-on-introduction to R programming and basics!
Good explanations, good examples; assignments are clear explained and reachable..
Course syllabus is rich and sequence of content is good and understandable manner
Awesome course as an introduction to R programming with many practical exercises.
Sometimes the tasks was not really clear defined what kind of outout was expected
It was great experience doing this course. The tutor took each topic very clearly
Great exposure to moving from someone who uses R to a programmer. Had a good time
Great overview and explanation of R language constructs, capabilities and syntax.
Great course. Very important for all the persons that have interest in this area.
I liked the course but would prefer if there were more exercises and assignments.
well designed and easy to learn! thank you Coursera and Johns Hopkins University.
an excellent course that allowed me to expand my knowledge and learn new things.
Great course. Really good teaching methods and very simple to understand as well
Somewhat challenging for newcomers, but great videos and supplemental materials!
Excellent. The exercises, labs and quizzes were set up awesomely. Learned a lot.
Great course! Interesting lectures and challenging assignments. I learned a lot!
nice course ... develops perspective , can be made a bit more informative though
The real deal if you want to know how to program in R, this is the right course.
This is an exceptionally good  course provided by coursera....Thanks a bunch !!!
I like the examples provided in the lectures as they could be easily understood.
Excellent Learning. Great teaching from Dr. R.D. Peng. Thank You all very much.
Well-designed course that provided my with what I needed to get started with R.
The difficulty is appropriate and helps me begin the learning of R programming.
Very well done. Especially course assignements are interesting and challenging.
very useful class, i already know something on R, but this course give me more.
Excellent course for the subject. Challenging assignments, helpful instructors.
good! though i still not good at R, but i can follow swirl now, thx, i'll go on
The course provides requisite understanding and is designed even for beginners.
Good coverage of data retrieval aspects of R and basic programming constructs.
Thank you for supporting a learner who needs affordable but rigorous learning!
The assignments are challenging but fulfilling once you're able to solve them.
Great course to learn R language. Only thing I think was missing was graphics.
Amazing one. I learnt a lot from this course, especially from the assignments.
This course is very useful to explore new things,thank you so much  coursera.
It was a great experience for me. I learned a lot from this course.Thank you!
Excellent course. Nice videos and exercises, and I enjoyed the swirl courses.
Challenging and worth my time.  It validated my understanding of the subject.
Very interesting data sets that keep you engaged and wanting to learn more R!
I study java at the university and this course has helped me alot to learn R.
Great Course to get started on R from zero. Thanks a ton to the Instructors .
This course was really nice and it taught me fundamentals pf programming in R
Complete, insightful, technical, advanced , challenging and great professors
Course is concise, well taught and with challenging programming assignments.
Very well articulated. Has precise contents and comprehensive practice sets!
A great course with great teachers. I'd recommend it to anyone who'd ask me.
If you've never programmed before this will be difficult. Great intro to R!!
Excellent course specially for those who do not have any experience about R.
Course material is very good for people like me who are completely new to R.
Thank you for this amazing course! it's a great complement for data science!
It's very nice ,but it's a pity that i didn't have so much time to learn it.
Excellent overview of basic commands, subsetting, and writing functions in R
The course  was quite challenging but interesting. It's just the beginning.
Great course with great resource like swirl() library. Awesome assignments.
The Course was nice and most important the peer assignments are very nice .
i liked the way of teaching i learned so many different aspects soThank you
SWIRL is an innovative feature. It lets your learn R interactively. Amazing
Thanks to my dear mentors for fantastic teaching. SWIRL is an awesome idea.
Excellent course to get a grip on the basics and intermediate R programming
I just loved the course. Swirl() really helped in practise of each concept.
Very inspiring!This course enables me to deal with R programming by myself!
iI is very useful from scratch for anyone who wants to be a data scientist
Incredible useful course if you want to learn the basics of R Programming.
Amazing course! It has everything you need to know to start working with R
Very good course and must take module for absolute starters of R learners.
Very good for anyone wanting to get into the field of Data Science using R
It is a very challenging and rewarding  course with reliable help services
Roger Peng is a excellent teacher, I really liked his book (R programming)
It was very useful. The assignments helped me learn the concepts in depth.
Very informative and useful course on R programming for beginners like me.
Learning have never been this easy for me . Thank you so much my mentors .
Really liked this course, difficult one, it made me think more than usual.
Excellent course with relevant practical exercises! I truly recommend it.
Great structuring of the course. Well paced and easy to grasp by anybody.
good lectures.the assignments were a tad difficult and need more practice
Exceptional return on time spent.  Assignment difficulty kept me engaged.
Thank you very much for the course..... look forward to courses like this
This was a very good course and with swirl it was beyond my expectatiuons
First time taking on R after so many years! Great and informative course!
Excellence course.Please do provide some more reading material handouts.
Excellent course. Provides useful in depth knowledge about R Programming
It was a nice and complete R course, I highly recommend it for beginners
assignments are sometimes difficult. The lectures are great for beginner
great course,but assignments are tough,you need to google a lot of stuff
The homework assignments are great. I learned a lot from doing homework.
Awesome course and requires a lot of dedication and commitment to finish
Good number of practice exercises and explanations. Thank you very much.
Great intro to R. Swirl programming studio is amazing and so easy to use
Nice course with good introduction, but needs more guidance on homeworks
This is good course for beginner to understand the R programming itself.
Swirl is an amazing addition to the course! Easy to learn, great content
Really good ! I learned a lot about R programming. Thank you very much !
Extremely useful. Enjoyable to learn. Course program is developed smart.
I have learned some basic R programming knowledge. Thank you very much.
I liked the professor teaching. I am very much interested to learn more
Very good course. Nice to have the video and the text as a single file.
Takes quite a lot of time each week but the outcome is worth the effort
Excellent! The course has an easy and kind format to new R-programmers.
Extremely well-organized course, with concise and very useful lectures!
R Programming was my first course I've made and I loved it. GREAT JOB!
Thanks for providing great learning resources during lockdown covid-19
A good course on r programming. Give us a good foundation to build on.
I will recommend my friends who are interested in R programming course
Good intro to R.  Challenging programming assignments in Week 2 and 4.
One of the best lectures ever heard and explanation/ clarity is superb
Excellent class. I have come out with amazing R knowledge and ability.
Thanks instructor. It is very interactive course and good assignment.
Excelent course!!!! good material and i loved the practical exercises
This course was perfect form to improve my programing skills, thanks.
Very well structured course with interesting assignments and quizzes.
Course is a great introduction to R programming, with great didatics.
Trully wonderful. The first online course i have ever really enjoyed.
Good course. Covers many concepts that enables us to use in business.
Great course material. Specially learning videos are quite effective.
Nice course to develop the basic programming in R and getting started
Very good structured course, also good for not native speaking people
An excellent course to get started with R programming for statistics
In my career I Have learnt  first programming language with easy way
loved the course only the Github assignment submission is confusing.
The course is very helpful for beginners and detailed understanding.
This course is very useful. Every week I learned interesting course.
I enjoyed the course and the learned some useful skills.  Thank you.
Excellent course, but the difficulty of the content can be increased
Loved the assignments. Stick with the problem sets for some time! :)
A really nice course that flexible to adapt with student activities
Very nicely designed course for a very novice R programming learner
Great introductory course, but uses interesting real life examples.
It was a course that required lots of effort.  But it was worth it.
It's a good course to quickly learn the basics of programming in R.
Very good intro. The volume is very hard to hear on my most videos.
Excellent course
Didactic, easy to understand, very well explained.
Excellent starting point for people new in data science programming
Solid introduction to the syntax and data science applications of R
Clear, descriptive and Knowledgeable courser on R. Thanks for this.
good for begineers.... but needs some more projects to be explained
great course, very detailed + llots of references for further study
Assigments are tough, deadlines ar tough, bt isn't that the thing?)
good for knowledge in programming . swirl helps me lot. thank ypu.
kind of difficult for me, but it is excellent and i need to review
Very helpful for reviewing  and remastering my programming skills.
Extremely engaging and provides clear explanation for new learners
The assignments and exercises are really demanding and interesting
Excellent course for the beginners. Keep practicing for excelling.
This is a great course. Swirl is the mother of all learning tools!
is good but is necessary a width explication for several homeworks
Wonderful chance to us I'm very lucky to have a part  of coursera
Excellent course with very challenging but nurturing assignments!
Helpful course to get the basics right for learning R Programming
Very useful for implementation of R programming in Bioinformatics
I Enjoy to the Course, really make me Excited. Thanks Coursera :)
Very nice course. The assignment is a bit to difficult for me who
Could provide a bit more assistance on the programming assignment
Great content, eliminate instructor, thank you and god bless you.
Very tough course but you will definitely learn something useful!
Excellent class. "Git" aspect is a bit frustrating and confusing.
Awesome Course. Took some time but it has helped me tremendously!
Hands down!, The very best course in R programming for beginners.
Enjoy much solving the problems raised by creating a script in R!
The course gives all basic knowleges to start programming with R.
It is quite helpful to review some basic tricks in SWIRL ! thanks
Excellent teaching, outstanding evaluations! I really enjoyed it!
Very Good Course For Beginners To Intermediate level Programmers
The course is well designed. I learned a lot from it. Excellent!
So exciting! I really learn how to code in R and it's wonderful!
Wonderful experience on online course. content was great. videos
it was nice and challenging. learnt a lot from the week 3 course
It's perfect to start with R and learn exercise basic and medium
Even if you already now R. You will learn something new! Thanks!
The most complete course I've seen so far for introduction to R.
Well taught.  Materials were good.  Lessons increased knowledge.
IT IS VERY USEFUL COURSER THAT I CAN SOMETHING ABOUT PROGRAMING
An excellent tuturial invaluable for every analytical scientist!
Excellent course for introduction in R! I really recomended it!
Great final assignment. Cleared a lot of concepts in R. Thanks.
Great course, definitely feel confident in the basics of R now!
Thank you so much for the lecture :) It was a great experience.
The course was just right: neither too difficult, nor too easy.
It was a fantastic journey throughout and was quite a learning!
Excellent course! I learned so much! Thank you for opportunity.
Learnt valuable R programming skills needed by a data scientist
Learning a lot! And I got helpful and quick reply in the forum.
Its easy to learn but effective learning. Coursera is the best.
Good course to get you started with the R programming language.
good introduction to using R for data analysis and presentation
I think what's most worthing is swirl introduced in the course.
this course is very helpful for those who are new to R language
Excellent course - the assignments help learn the nuances of R.
The syllabus is great! And programming assignments even better.
The introduction of Swirl helps beginners get their hands on R.
What a great class. Amazingly intensive and I'm learning a lot!
I've never seen a lecture teaching R that is better than this.
Good course, nothing much to say, definitely teaches use of R!
Great course, somewhat challenging, but that's the good thing.
Excellent course with very challenging programming assignments
After Learning the course, I known coding by R.Thanks so much.
This is a very good course, while some housework is difficult
Good course with balanced difficulty level to progress forward
Really satisfying when your functions finally begin to work!!!
Very good. A lot of stuff covered. The explanations are great.
The swirl course is really good for solidifying the knowledge.
Course is good.Every Data scientist aspirant should go for it.
good subject. but it's a little bit too difficult for newbies.
Very well-designed course covering the basic groundwork for R.
Waaaw, it was not an easy course, but am very happy i did it.
The assignments are well-designed, challenging but rewarding!
A good set of background and practice matter for R beginners.
Covers most basic topics required to get our hands dirty in R
i recommend it 100% great teacher explanation, very complete.
Excellent course for those who just start with R Programming!
Perfectly designed. An awesome experience of learning it was.
Very challenging but also a lot new things that I've learned.
Very happy with Coursera and this course. Having a lot of fun
Very good course. A lot of materials and practical exercises.
Great class! I know way more about  R than I did 4 weeks ago!
This course is very help full, interactive and well designed.
Great Lessons about basic R programming knowledge and skills.
Thoroughly explained concepts and perfect sequence of topics.
The course is challenging but you will earn a lot in reward.
Excellent, kind of hard but it makes you improve your skills
It is interesting to learn,simple and easily understandable.
Peer To Peer is not good ,people don't  give grades properly
Good explanation, materials and exercises. Excellent course.
practical assignments were very helpful . Thank you coursera
Very Challenging Course and is Excellent to get started in R
one of the best interactive courses i have ever gone through
I felt the exercises were well designed! A great intro to R.
Very effective and skilled courses. Learned so much from it!
It has been very beneficial journey.I strongly recommend it!
I really enjoyed learning R, and this introduction was great
A very good course to understand the basics of R programming
Great foundation for using R from a programming perspective.
The Programming quizzes were good for testing coding skills.
Great but I need to train a lot more. Practice make perfect.
Not easy. But nothing easy in academics changes who you are.
Well Explained course but assignments are not well designed
It is a little challenging, but that is what teaches a lot.
Good course congratulations to the instructor and his team.
Hands down the best course to start with R. Thanks RD Peng.
Good starting course, enough theory and practical exercises
Felt way more confident with R programming, R + RStudio = 
Great assignments. Tests what is taught already and beyond.
The assignment can be easier and is better with guidelines.
Assignment was a test and I did learn a lot or programming.
A very good introductory course to R for a beginner like me
Challenging yet rewarding course for programming beginners!
Great course! Highly recommended to start programming in R.
Very good introductory course with well presented material.
i learn the basics of r good to workeasy to learnnailed it
Loads of great information and lots of practice materials!
It was a nice experience to work under coursera guidance .
The course project and assignments are too hard sometimes.
Excellent Course to learn R programming, especially Swirl!
quite difficult, but worth the time spent figuring it out!
A great introduction to R. Very easy but demanding course.
Its a tough course. Need more help within the assignments.
Very helpful session. The assignments are also challenging
Love the course contents, and everything is nice explained
Fantastic overview, definitely enough to get me started :)
Excellent course to begin learning to use the power of R.
Thanks for giving Me this wonderful opportunity to learn.
Nice Challenging course. Suitable for motivated students.
Fabulous course and a good head start towards learning R!
Excellent course with an appropriate level of difficulty.
Very in-depth and well explained course on R programming.
Amazing and productive course. Surely develops skill set.
Excellent course for the preparation the data scientist !
This is a very good course for introducing R programming!
A little bit more of practices exercises could be useful.
Great course, intuitive and usefull for the R first timer
A very simplest , easiest and effective mode of teaching.
It is a solid start to learn R.Very friendly for rookies.
Good course to get overall idea in R for fresh starters.
An excellent learning curve, easy to follow and practice
This course is great because provide the basic knowledge
Broad coverage of topics in R- great introductory course
Nice course, with well prepared curriculum and examples.
Nice layout of videos.SWIRL exercise was great.Thank you
This is a hard and practical course. I've learned a lot.
Wonderfull Course to start a journey in R programming...
so wonderful !!!!! I love coursera!swirl is perfect !!!!
great course will surely apply what I learned from here.
A background that i apply in my projects...great course.
very intuitive, but I hope the materials can be updated!
This course is great, take it only when you are serious.
R Programming Course is very effective and easy to learn
Awesome course. Very explanatory and easy to understand.
very well explained. Excellent for an introduction to R!
great course!  thanks for all the details and materials.
Great class!!! Excellent study material. Teachers rocks!
lecturer is quite logical, delivered message explicitly.
This course is great! A little bit challenging, though.
A very good overview of important R programming topics.
Lot Pressure Learning This SUbject ,but it's worth it!!
The overall structure of the course was really helpful.
The course was very useful and very easy to understand.
Very good prepared and organized Course. Thanks for all
Enjoyed learning R Programming and solving assignments.
It was very helpful in getting started with R language.
Assignments are tough and competitive, loved swirl lab.
Lecture content was very helpful and easy to understand
really helpful to understand the basic of R programming
Very nice course, rich material, and amazing professor!
It's an awesome experience here learning with coursera.
This was a very helpful introductory course to get your
This course is great for learning R and lots of basics.
A real challenge for a novice but rewarding in the end.
Amazing course. Learnt a lot. Especially through swirl
Thsi course is very challenging and enhances thinking.
Excellent.But programming homework is a bit difficult.
This is one of the best course to learn R programming.
challenging but definitely very gratifying and useful!
I love the professor! Well organized and deep insight!
in this course is a good Idea teke the swirl() section
strongly recommended for those who doing data analysis
well planned course. Best practice session with swirl
It was really interactive and valuable course for me!
It's very good course for beginners of R Programming.
wonderful course for learning R language with RStudio
swirl is very helpful to consolidate basic knowledge.
AWESOME IS THE WORD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
easily understanding and great design for assignments
Very good course to learn R Programming and R Studio.
A good fun intro to R that gives you a good grounding
Excellent course to start with R. Highly recommended.
Its one of the best courses and I have improved a lot
Excelente course! I will recommend it to my collegues
Great course, with a very well build education track.
Great course. Covers all the basics of R programming.
Challenging course, but very interesting and helpful.
I hope I can get more instructions on the assignment.
Very informative and a well done start to learning R.
One of the best course that I take for R programming
Very Challenging and beautifully structured Course .
Very good course, useful and suitable for beginners.
little bit disappointment but awsome to complete it.
Good course to Start with R from Basics towards Pro.
Great, well designed course with a solid difficulty.
The course was easy, but homeworks were instractive.
I really like this course although it is very hard:)
great course, though the homework takes longer time.
This is a very good course to master R fundamentals.
Great course, covering the various details in depth.
Gave me the intro I needed to R in bite sized chunks
Very good 2 day crash course on R programming basics
Great learning experience, especially for beginners
Great Course! The activities really make you learn!
Excellent course! I got a huge practical knowledge!
Excellent course, very demanding and very complete.
So easy to learn. Recommended for coding beginners.
This course is so enlightening and rich in content.
Course for beginners, very good. Good explanations!
This course is very helpful! I learn a lot from it!
It was very great class for learning R programming.
It is worth much more than the fee, really awesome!
excellent course to get started with R programming.
Excellent for anyone wanting to get started with R.
It covers all the commands you need to start going!
Can I still pass the course even if I started late?
This is a great course to learn how to program in R
Awesome lectures.... Learned a lot about the basics
Well presented. Especially the introductory stages.
Challenging,not easy to do.Especially the homework.
good assignments and interactive learning process!
Very interesting. Challenging for non programmers.
very practical and the assignments are really good
Could provide more help in programming assignment.
Very good course, learn a lot about R programming.
It is a very complete course for basic skills in R
awesome course for the beginners in R programming.
The Swirl Assignments are very interesting to do !
Love it, guys. Please just put up the powerpoints.
VEry useful course in providing the optimal inputs
Very nice courses, clear, pleasant,

Good pedagogy
It's very good, but activities a lot and few time.
One of best course you can have for R Programming!
Thank you for the great possibility to learn R :-)
Quite a good course. I enjoyed working with swirl.
Brilliant loved the whole experience. Kudos !!! JH
More subject information in the course is required
I am loving it! Love the swirl lessons in Rstudio!
Very good exercises to get you up to speed with R
Excellent course to learn R programming language!
Very interesting, clear and well explained course
Loved the exercises as they really make you think
nice course!! gives the basic understanding of R.
Love the practical aspect of learning with swirl.
Extremely challenging, but yet rewarding, course.
The last exercise is very good and the course too
Well designed course for one to learn R language.
very useful tool and interactive way of learning.
It's a excelent course to begin in R Programming.
Great course... learnt a lot.. thank you Coursera
Fantastic introduction into the basic tools of R.
The assignments were fantastic. Very challenging.
It's a great way to start learning R Programming!
It is fantastic! Thank you Roger, Brian and Jeff!
superb.. i love the content. and teaching method
Extremely useful course! it's well organized too
Thank you so much sir for this wonderful course!
you have to do this course to develop your skill
Great for getting your feet wet in R programming
Covers the basics and advanced applications of R
Thank you for this course, I have learned a lot.
Assignment review process needs to be excellent.
Great Course cover all aspects of R programming!
Good Learning, chance to practice with real data
Best course for beginners to learn R programming
Love the way teaching and assignment works here!
Very good course to get started with R language.
This is an excellent course to start learning R.
this is the real time learning and programming R
Great Course to learn how to be familiar with R.
Prior course for data science and data analysis
it is very usefull and helpfull corse in future
Excellent course, with challenging assignments!
Course content meets the industry requirements.
I have learnt a lot. Thank you for amazing job.
This was really tough and too much to practice.
Greet CourseBut the specialization is so so...
Very useful course with perplexing assignments.
Excelent to begin programmin and inmersing in R
Really helpful, especially learning from Swirl!
Very useful and challenging introduction into R
Challenging and engaging course.  Learnt a lot.
Best course to start Coding with R and learn R.
Great course! Covers almost all the R concepts.
An awesome course... enjoyed a lot ...cheers!!!
Useful and well-organized. I have learned a lot
Excellent in-depth instruction, easy to follow.
Excellent course, good examples, good tutor :-)
Nice and easy to Understand,Thank you Coursera
Very good and informative introductory course!
This course was truly worth taking. Thank you!
Gets your basics straight! Good starting point
Great summary of fundamentals of R programming
Amazing course with an outstanding instructor!
I liked it very much, sad it was short  though
Well structured course, perfect for beginners.
Nice Course, It really passed my expectations.
Excellent Course.. Must for all the beginners.
Very helpful class for R programming beginners
Good programming experience and valuable in re
It is a very well taught and organised course!
Very good introductory course to R programming
Lays a solid foundation for R.  Good lectures.
Very interesting and clear! Specially SWIRL :)
One of the best courses in Coursera!Thank you)
good course with perfect interactive exercises
Awesome work and learned a lot as a beginner!
Very helpful material and it also used for ML
a lot of research to complete the assignments
Good course. Programming assignments were fun
Very very useful course. I really enjoyed it!
it was informative course to polish my skills
Best Course for the beginners in Data Science
very good course from learning point  of view
Excellent course in R. Thank you very much :)
great assignments. learning immensely helpful
Hi all, Very good introduction into R basics.
Everything initial to learning R Programming.
Very very good one to start our R Journey ...
Great course, absolutely complete and useful
Amazingly Explained. Everyone Should Enroll.
I would suggest everyone to take this course
It was the best decision to take this cours!
A very good course to get your feet wet in R
Great content. Difficult with nice guidance.
Good overview of base R and its application.
Awesome teaching and material. Thank you sir
Great to learn the basics, Excellent Course!
Thank you for this very insightful materials
Such a nice platform to learn R programming.
great course material with amazing teachers.
Thanks for the way the content is organised.
Excellent course for learning and practicing
Nice introductory course to programming in R
Good course, learn a lot of R and statistics
Excellent course !!, really enjoy doing it.
I really enjoyed learning with this course.
Is too useful and well explained everything
Very instructive and works at a good pace!!
Best place to start learning R on your own.
Exciting and (a little) challenging course.
Great course! Very well designed and paced.
Great course, very pleased with the results
Excelent course ! It is very fun in my view
very helpful easy to comprehend and follow
Very good ! help me a lot , so appreciate !
Good Content to learn programming language.
Awesome course. Thank you Dr. Peng and Team
This course is amazing ! I learned so much!
Really important and well delivered course.
I found this course amazing and practical.
it's good course for learning data science
Exceptional course!! Highly recommended!!!
Best R programming class of mine till date
Great course with links to great resources
Very helpful. Materials are well-prepared.
An excellent resource to get started in R.
One of the best courses on introductory R.
Very easy form to learn R with this course
A very well suitable course for beginners.
Nice to learn the basics in R Programming.
This class is a real challenge! Enjoin it.
Very useful and well defined course indeed
a brilliant course to get experiemce on R!
The best online class I have ever taken:-)
One of the best courses available online!!
A perfect opening to the programming world
A very challenging educational experience.
Very useful material and easy to follow up
The swirl exercises are truly informative.
A very good introduction to R programming.
very useful. great programming assignments
Strong course - recommended to R learners.
Learned a lot!  Super challenging and fun!
Good platform for learning from beginning
Excelet Course, Thanks for the oportunity
enjoyed practicing and completing courses
Good recovery startup for old programmers
Excellent course for starting off with R.
Brilliant course contents and instructors
Lots of valuable content at a great pace.
This is a great Introduction course on R.
Good content , nice flow of information .
Nice Course! Very useful and informative.
its awesome R programming from the basics
I like this course, and  it's very useful
Very nice course for basic R Programming.
An excellent and very informative course.
One of the best courses for the beginners
It is the best course for R programming.
Good one, really challenges you to learn
it is a bit difficult for the r beginner
Challenging and interesting! Many thanks
Good fundamental knowledge of R acquired
Challenging assignment, great professor!
Swirl() is a very useful way to learn R.
I enjoyed this course and learned a lot.
This course is benefit for my job skill.
A good beginner course on R programming.
Really nice course still in this line :)
challenging assignments, very beneficial
Great course to learn the R programming.
Excellent course set with good exercise.
Great lectures and very well structured.
An excellent R course for the beginners.
Perfect lectures full of helpful advices
what a course, keeps one up to standard.
Appropriately challenging and sequenced.
The best course to Learn R Programming.
The course was great, hope it pays off.
good course for getting your hands-on R
Great course! Covers a range of topics!
Great introduction into R! Thank you!!!
well designed and well executed course.
Great course to getting started with R.
very difficult but also very rewarding.
Very good course. Basic knowledge of R.
The course is good and enjoyed it alot.
Very comprehensive and well-structured!
Good course to gain a good skills  in R
Short time covered in depth information
Awesome basic course for R Programming.
A great start for any data scientist :)
Beautifully designed,Crisp and Elegant.
Great class with good support examples!
Very-well structured and useful course!
It was a great opportunity  to learn R
Super knowledge and easy to understand
Very thorough. Good informative class.
Excellent course and very challenging!
A very good foundation to understand R
it is a very helpful course, thank you
Content is very prepared and arranged.
Well organized and interesting course.
One of the best online courses I took.
Harder than I expected. Learned a lot.
It was very informative..and excellent
very useful for learning from scratch.
Great introduction to the R language !
Amazing course, its very instructive.
Challenging course, but in a good way.
R Programming course was very helpful.
Hard but gives satisfactory knowledge.
Great course! Excellents instructors!
goog course understood the power of R
Provided a great learning experience.
Very clear, comprehensive and useful!
I'm happy to have completed 1 course.
Very well planned and helpful course.
Provida a good base to R programming.
A very good starter course to learn R
Very good for exploring R programming
Well presented and heaps of contents.
Fantastic course with lot of learning
Really nice course with good content.
Great course to learn the essentials!
Very useful and comprehensive course.
A higt demand course and very useful.
An excellent introductory course to R
A good introduction to R programming.
Excellent. Tough but really valuable.
Excellent start to programming with R
Excellent and well organized! Thanks!
Jump Starting R programming. Best one
Great course! Difficult but rewarding
Amazing course to learn R programming
very good course ....a bit difficult
Best course for beginners to learn R
Very helpful and step by step course
very good for data science beginners
Great course material and exercises!
A lot of codings and skills to learn
Very Useful Course in Data science..
Great intro to R Programming. Thanks
The course tutor was very proficient
It is really a GOOD course to learn.
Its gooood for us primary learners.
good course. ..highly recommended...
Full of stuffa nd really teaches you
A very good course for begineers. :)
This course was very good and brief.
Very good course. I improved a lot!
Awesome course! Helped me a lot! :)
great couser, no im familiar with R
Very good. I rate it as 5 out of 5.
It is a great course for beginners!
The exam put all we saw in practice
Week 3 can be a bit more elaborate.
Great introduction to R programming
Descriptive and  informative course
Concise and and easy to understand.
Great introduction to R Programming
Good introduction to the R language
awesome course with basic knowledge
great  learning through this course
Best Course to learn R programming.
Very useful and easy to understand.
Excellent! Well tought, good ebook!
Great course to understand R logics
great challenge to get started in R
It is great and very comprehensive.
Great Enjoyed learning this course
A course that's very well designed
Excellent practice and assignments
So clear with really valuable tips
interactive, easy to learn course!
Really useful tools to begin with.
Great course to get started with R
Great course and great instructors
One of the best courses available.
very pedagogic thank you very much
Excellent course and advices for R
Nice way to learn R for beginners.
Very Helpful course for beginners.
Great course! Totally recommended.
Difficult but a challenging course
The course is very helpful for me.
Excellent teaching and good course
Well paced and structured course.
Excellent course for R beginners.
Difficult course but worth doing.
Thanks Coursera.Nice teaching way
I learned so much in this course!
Excellent and challenging course!
In depth coverage of basic topics
Great learning and starting for R
great experience with courseera .
These courses are really helpful.
Great course to learn basics of R
Excellent course!! Thanks a lot!!
Good - gets straight to the point
A good first course for beginners
Now i can do more thing with R :)
Very well explained, recommended.
Nice, swirl lessons are very good
Well-strctured with useful tips.
Very Helpful. Thank You Coursera
I learned a lot of R programming
It was great working with course
Great intro into the R language.
very detailed and very practical
Very useful to beginners of R !!
Great course to get started on R
It made learning R language fun!
interactive and engaging course.
A great course, very fulfilling!
Step by step. I like it so much!
Excellent course to ramp up in R
Very good intro to R programming
Great Experience! Learned a lot.
Thanks for the excellent course!
Swirl exercises are very helpful
Great way to get started with R.
nice course for the beginners...
It's  quite useful for beginners
Thanks you so much for learning
Good for learning R programming
Tough class, but really helpful
very useful and friendly to new
very good, I have learned a lot
It's pretty good and detailed !
very useful and needs some work
Good course for understanding R
Great courser to R programming.
A good way to start learning R!
Good intro. Hey it is not C :-)
good course to learn R language
Tough course but well worth it!
Very useful to get started in R
Great course for very beginners
Rather boring, but very useful.
Absolutely loved this course!!
Good course for start to use R
Amazing! I finally finish it!!
The best R Programming course!
very useful and helpful course
This is really a nice training
good basic understanding of R.
This course is really helpful!
the swirl is such a good idea!
Very nice course for beginners
Course was Thorough and Helpfu
A perfect course for beginner.
I really liked the assignments
Wonderful introductory course.
Learned a lot in this course.
Very Nice. Enjoyed the course
Great Course for R programmer
Great course for beginning R.
Thank you for my first steps.
It's a really helpful course.
Very useful to learn about R!
Great course, great homeworks
Great course to start using R
very helpful and educational!
the assignments are not easy.
Useful and easy to understand
fantastic studying experience
Great course on R Programming
challenging and interesting!
Amazing course. Thanks a lot
Great for learning R basics.
thank you for this course :)
Nice course !! thank you !!!
I like learning from Swirl()
Excellent lessons with swirl
very helpful for new learner
Good content , very helpful.
Very good course to learn R.
it is difficult but worth it
Detailed and good exercise !
Thanks for all your efforts.
Easy to follow but demanding
Great start in R programming
Swirl is best thing to learn
Very informative and unique.
well explained with examples
Best course for me till now.
good exercises for beginners
Excellent introduction to R!
Swirl is really very helpful
I really enjoy this course!
Challenging but very useful
It was nice and explorative
Good course and instructors
Excellent course! Thanks!!!
Fantastic introduction to R
swirl is really interesting
Very useful as a start in R
very nice quality education
Excellent introduction to R
Great course for a beginner
Tough, but great, I made it
It is a good overview of R!
very organized, so helpfull
it was a very good course.
Could be more elaborative.
A useful introduction to R
the assignments are at par
interesting and fun to do!
awesome to learn from jeff
Best for learning R.......
Great course to get into R
Great starter course in R.
Good material and content.
Very Helpful for a Novoice
Top level course! Amazing!
This is a good start to R
Roger Peng was fantastic!
Enjoy  to do this Course.
good programming and help
Very well defined course.
Very good for a beginner.
This is an awesome cource
Good job!Congratulations!
recommendation. very good
Good starter course for R
Nice coverage of concepts
Exceeded my Expectations!
Great basic knowledge ...
very good and high level
I really like the course
G reat introduction to R
Must course to learn R!!
A Great Learning about R
Excellent and wonderful!
learned so much - thanks
Great Course !THANKS !!!
Great Introduction to R!
Good course for biginner
Very informative course!
Very nice course indeed!
This course is so good!
the  course was amazing
very nice the materials
Good Course for learn R
love with r programming
Swirl is really useful.
Very progressive course
A very good course. :-)
Love hands-on learning.
Very very good! Thanks.
great intro course to R
Worth it! Vale a pena!
Very clear and useful!
Very good lesson for R
Great difficulty level
Great to learn basics.
awesome and inspiring!
Good one for beginners
Best R tutorial Class.
Good Introduction to R
nice learning R course
It let me learn a lot!
Great ! Nothing to add
Good course to learn R
one of the best for R
Nice and very helpful
perfect and wonderful
wel structured course
great time with Swirl
Swirl was very useful
nice way of teaching.
Learned a lot about R
Good and easy cours !
Good course track !!
Intensive. Worth it.
Good teacher for me.
great place to study
Swirlwassobeneficial
More examples please
Easy place to start.
very helpful course!
Pretty useful for me
a little hard for me
I love this R course
It is worth to do it
A crash course in R.
Loved the Coursework
very useful material
it strength my basic
BEST R COURSE EVER!
Its a great course
great - all about R
Good explaination!!
Very good exercises
Congratulations!!!!
Good overview of R.
Was a great course!
Stunning course....
Nice overview of R.
Very Helpful Course
This was excellent.
Nice assignments :)
Very fast and hard.
Great course for R!
Very good course :3
A very good course!
thanks to coursera
Was amazing course
Good site to learn
interactive course
Very Good Course -
Very good guidance
Strongly recommend
challenging course
Great Learning !!!
was fun! thanks :)
really helpful : )
Perfect fantastic!
Very practical one
very good, thanks
Loved this class!
Great intro to R!
Very Interesting,
Very  clarifying!
vary good course
Everything is OK
great intro to R
Very Good Course
Great intro to R
Very nice class.
Hard, but GREAT!
Good way learn R
Very well built.
Great R starter!
Very Explanatory
good learning R
nicely crafted!
helps a lot !!!
Great teachers.
It was excelent
Thanks, Helpful
It is the best!
Good challenges
Excellent Work!
It's very cool.
It's wonderful!
Great Course!
it helps a lot
Pretty Robust!
Very useful :)
very practical
Well organized
Good enough!
learned alot
Great class
very handy!
great help!
thanks jhu
Top class
R is fun
LIKE IT
