!!!STOP DON'T TAKE THIS COURSE!!!%100 pure advertising. There is a moment I felt like I learned some thing, but rest of the course I played with x2.0, of there was more I would have get it. Putting this into Specialization requirements is smart from your perspective, you are basically saying if you want to reach Capstone pay me $50 more, but at least fix the typos you made during video, just a little respect to your subscribers. But right now, I highly doubt that Capstone Project will be something serious that I want to mention in my Linkedn. There is also downside of what you do. But since you are in between the top rated courses either nobody uses Coursera anymore or people are silent enough and patient enough.You are all Scientists like me, I'm also biostatistician but I would never ever post a course like this to any platform. I'd rather use Google or Facebook ads to lead people here.If somebody wise enough to get Data Science Course, he should be skillful enough to download R, click next and install it, and R has help for it, shows you step by step. GitHub is free platform, anyone who can signup for Coursera can signup for GitHub, too.I know there is no requirements for this course or specialization course, it is 0 to Scientist but seriously you are talking about R codes, arrays, loops, regression, model fit but signing up for GitHub.Your target group in Coursera is either Data Scientist or becoming one, so they know what the Data Scientist job posts requires. It requires coding blind folded R/Python/Java/one of C family at least 2 of them, hopefully all of them. It requires SQL, MySQL, NoSQL, any kind of SQL or database solution mankind ever used.It requires Math, Statistics, Analytics, Algebra, Finance, Economics + all kinds of computational sciencesIt requires management, social relations, advertising, psychology, anthropology + rest of the social sciences.+++++ it requires LOGIC and NON-ARTIFICIAL HUMAN INTELLIGENCEso we are trying to be that guy, no need to show installing R or GitHub, I'm sure you will do it again doing rest of the Specialization.
Not met what offered. I really don't know why but Instructor was in a hurry and like, he was in the position of instructor by obligation. Maybe, He has knowledge of the subject, but definitely does not have even basic skills of teaching.Because of this course, I am not planning to follow other courses on this specialization.
This should not be a course. It's just introduction and should be condensed to one video and a handout with pointers to those who need more specific and detailed instructions for setting up their computers. This is not a learning course.  All they teach you how to install git, R and Rstudio.  And they take money for this (if you want to say you "completed" the course)!!! Highly unethical practice in my opinion. The surveys are stupid too.  They don't distinguish between those who completed (but not earned any credentials) and those who didn't. In my opinion this is a very dumbed down version of an introduction to a data science course (and not a cours in itself).  Definitely not worth 4 weeks!A much more valuable course is Stanford's "Machine Learning" where you can actually learn something (and don't force you out of evaluation if you don't pay).
I missed the entire course deadline just because I stuck in one of week 4 projects - pushing a file into GitHub. When I went to the forum, there are so many people in the same situation. The main reason is that the week 4 video did not cover the project content well. Overall, compared to other programming courses I took on Coursera, this course is not well organized at all! Instructors basically just read words in slides, no interesting examples and no hands-on practices, especially week 4 slides that look like a syntax reference document. So the entire instruction is very boring, making me wonder why I need to sit here and listen to word reading rather than buying a textbook. Also, people coming here to learn it are new learners. When the instruction skipped much and made the content not logical and complete, it is very difficult for us to understand what the video is talking about. That's why in forum there are so many people expressing their confusions.  This entire specialization is the one that I've taken and feel the worst (I got lost in the R course too). I strongly recommend the instructors of this course watch and learn how the instructor of the specialization "Python for Everyone" organizes and teaches the content. He makes programming become very interesting and easy to understand. He also provides many hand-on practices to help learners understand abstract concepts. Unfortunately this specialization instruction is just about reading words in the boring slides.....
Although they spend ample time explaining how the course was using technology in order to stay up to date, it was far from it. If you are using a Mac computer, be prepared to google every assignment because the Mac instructions are going to be for an older version. Then I expected to learn about Data Science as a career... not in this class. I feel like I know no more about Data Science than I did when I began. I am probably not going to continue through the entire certificate, and instead learn the languages it suggested were more common - SQL and Python, and pick up the "Data Science" somewhere along the way.
"You passed this course! Your grade is 100.00%."  

I feel like I have not learned much. Even though I have taken 100%, as you can see above, the course tackles very little programming.

And the final project, it asks to do some activities, but when looking at the forum, I saw that what was talked about, had a level of knowledge that the course had not taught.

But worst of all, was receiving financial help from 1/9 courses. Would not it be for the whole course? They are complementary. What will I do with 1 certified course, which as you can see my complaint above, I have not learned anything?
HORRIBLE, SO DAMN BAD!I've done over 50+ courses online from places like Coursera, edX,Udemy and I've never been across a course so bad like this one, the whole content could have been summarized and turned into a one week part inside another course.And the robot voice?! Geez, I understand why, but don't, just don't, it makes us lose the interest in the course, thankfully I have other Data Science certifications and I could do all the tests, but damn, SO SO BAD!
Very bad the videos. The automated voice is further disgusting. Further very few classmates so I really had to plead to get my assignments checked by peers and complete the course. When I contacted the coursera support and asked for help in getting peer reviews they made a change and all my progress was lost. I had to get back again and they made my progress back again. overall bad course and worse corsera support.
It is irritating to hear computerized voice and also reading the files. as this is interactive learning place i do not want to read. Also I might read books reading Data Science Rather than listening your computerized voice or your lecture. So i suggest, for improving learning experience, lectures should be classified in two categories. Dynamic lectures should be tought  by Human.
I appreciate the thought process behind the automation, but there's no way I'm sitting through that monotonous robot voice. I can just get a textbook and read it cover to cover for that sort of education, and I greatly prefer that over listening to that droning voice.
A lot of common information, no real examples. may be OK os introdaction, but for scilled student useless. Bunch of very short videos  — I'd prefer to see it as a text tutorial
There is imply not much substance here. Everything here can honestly be integrated into other courses or offered as a free overview course of what data science is.
This course is more of an overview of what is to come. A lot of what is presented here could just be in the format of a word or PDF with a series of links.
It does nothing better than just a PDF file... I would appreciate if they actually provide a PDF file, so everything is integrated and no loading time.
Very basic stuff and very dull, monotone computer-synthesized voice. The quizzes are also so easy you may as well not take them.
Having an instructor narrate is extremely important in a course. The robot that is narrating makes the videos unwatchable.
The course contains almost no valuable information. It is not required to spend 4 weeks for it.
It is unbelievable how one can learn with this boring automatic course. I can not stand it!
I do not like the voice in this course . I will can not continue the course .
Terribly run waste of money! Better off going to Data Camp!
It was useless for me; as i have used R studio previously
Low quality, I didn't learn anything really.
Bad course. All videos are machined read.
I really don't like the automated videos.
A lot of information without practice
Seemed pretty useless to me
The first week has one assignment: a five question quiz that reviews the syllabus, course/program design and purpose.  As someone with multiple degrees and a PhD significant other - both of us work, and are successful, in data analysis and research.  My career is centered around Business Intelligence.  I was hoping to engage a program that would help me develop R programming skills and build my skill set.  After watching all the videos twice, taking notes, completing almost five hours of online research into the topics that I encountered during my first attempt at the quiz, having my significant other review the topics & questions with me, I still failed to pass the quiz after ten attempts.  Hence, a syllabus quiz is my roadblock to moving forward in the program.  This is not pride, I am not imagining myself to be a genius who is insulted by this failure.  Frankly, no one is stupid enough to have not been able to comprehend a syllabus and course desi
most part of this course is a duplicate of the "R programming" course.microphone/sound of the teacher quality is very bad.not original, boring, dividing this in "4 weeks" is too ridiculously long, this should be done in 1 week to enable users to take more time for the "R programming". this course should be free. don't lose too much time on it, it's doable in a day or a weekend and move on to "R programming".asking for so much money to see how to install R and github is a shame.feels like this course has been added just to have a round number for the specialization.even the survey in the end asking for feedback starts with a question not adapted to moment it's been asked "did you get a certificate?" of course i did not as i've just finish the course and now wait for my peers to review my final submission.
I am sorry but the robot-based voiceover, extremely slow pace, and lack of interactivity made this specialization unbearable. Additionally, choosing R over Python seems illogical for many reasons, such as Python being the #1 language for data science, ML, AI (if you'd ever consider specializing in these areas).Poor experience - gave up after the 3rd week and started the one from Michigan (applied data science w/ python).
Git should be introduced more slowly, over multiple courses. I cannot possibly absorb all the command line instructions that were mentioned in the class. There are just too many.Please PLEASE *PLEASE* spread out the course content on Git over 3 or 4 courses, so we can practice it as we submit assignments. I forsee numerous wasted hours fiddling with Git Bash trying to make it work, not knowing what mistake I'm making.
$38 is a lot to pay for tutorials about how to install software. This course takes only 20 minutes to complete. It is also obsessed with command line interfaces. There's a reason that they were left behind in the 80s. It does cover GUI software like Rstudio, which is ignored for the rest of the course. How about something on the desktop Github version? https://desktop.github.com/ So much easier to use.
Quizzes were based off of extremely high level overview videos not covering anything specifically or deep diving into anything. When applying the git commands covered, numerous errors arose. Overwhelmingly academic course with very little hands on. This is not for anyone actually looking to work in this field, but for someone looking to be able to talk about this field.
No value as a stand alone course, as completing it provided no more knowledge, skills, or attitudes than, say a 15 minute Ted Talk would. May help prepare me for other courses in the Data Scientist Specialization, but it's difficult to say until I complete those courses. I may come back and change this review after completing other courses in the specialization.
While it's amazing to save costs and resources by creating automated voice-overs, it would be helpful if commands on the screen match what is being said. It was quite challenging going back and forth between lecture videos and lecture notes to copy and paste commands. I find it time-consuming, and I hope this problem can be rectified for future classes.
Very short and just a basic overview on how to install a few tools that most of them I already had installed. All this course content could be packed into an introductory lesson instead of having to pay for it. I abandoned the specialisation because of this, I know it's a big business but at least you need to offer some value for the money
I have absolutely no idea how could this become a separate course - and one spread over 4 weeks. It is extremely basic, extremely general and extremely high level. It should be compressed to 1-2 hours and added as an _optional prerequisite_ to other courses in this specialization. I personally feel cheated out of my 29 USD.0.1 star.
They charge you to take a class that explains how to install a few programs. If you go to the program's websites, there is directions to install it anyway, so this was completely unnecessary. Waste of money. This class should give you some early training on R before throwing it at you in the next course without enough training.
Worthless course. There should have been no need for this course and the fact that they charge money for this is disappointing. This module could have been easily merged with the next module (R- Programming). Just a few pages with instructions on how to install the required softwares and repositories would have sufficed.
I don't have comment on the data scientist's toolbox. However, the payment mechanism of coursera is terribly designed.I was continually paying the course without pre notice. The worse thing is, the coursera doesn't return the money after I cancel. At the same time, they don't allow me to enter the class. Really terrible.
This course was a loss of time and money. Except from week 3 material, the rest can be found on the internet and should be required by everyone who wants to take that specialization. This course doesn't worth it, it's just to take extra money from anyone who wants to learn about Data Science.
I had a very bad experience with this whole course set-up. Especially the peer-grading, you have no insight on why they assigned this score to you - nothing.. ..especially when you know you did your course work correctly.. i will never come back to coursera.. waste of money !!!
Complete waste of time. This should be a course on its own, and much less be charged for. This should have been the 1st week of an actual class. This only dealt with installing a couple of software tools. Hopefully the following courses will teach something worthwhile.
Very bad course so far. Very little detail and Assignments are very hard to solve. Worst $500 dollars spent in my life, and the course isn't worth even $10!I'm an online instructor myself and the quality of the course isn't worth its price!
A simple list of programs that needed to be installed would cover 90% of the course content.  Some of this content is also repeated in other courses in the sequence.  If you have any technical skills this entire course is extremely tedious.
Although the content is correct, quality models videos and materials is very low, wanted to make all the specialization, but I'm not satisfied with the quality of the course. It's a shame, because the JHU is an excellent University
If you are doing this for certification then go ahead, but if your intention is to learn then this is not a good course. Its absolutely basic and most stuff you can find online without spending any money. Wouldn't recommend.
In my opinion, most of this information should be free and available as a pre-req. for other classes (installing R Studio).  It was cheap, but in general, I thought I was going to be more out of this course than I did.
Students generally move towards online course to hear a human explaining them those concepts. This new technique may be time saving for you but it was really annoying and unexpected (almost everything )
$40 is way too much to spend just to learn how to install a couple pieces of software and sign up for a GitHub account. The entire course should have been the first week of the following course.
Is this a real course for a data scientist just installing shit and a peer reviewing for that screenshot and forking all repos ...very bad not worth to be with rest course in specialization
Good time of day! This course is great! But I can't finish it as I missed deadlines and can't switch session!!! I missed 1 month already because of this bug:(It's so frustrating...
Too basic content.I have not learned anything with this course (installing R and RStudio should not be part of exercises or lectures).I hope R programming course will be better
This is pure theoretical course, It's look like a Power Point presentation. Students can not easily understand this.I do not recommend this type of teaching on Coursera
Some interesting concepts, but way to simplistic in my opinion. Only reason I see to pay for it is the fact that it is a requirement in the Data Science Specialization
Do not take this course if you want to get a job in industry. Python now dominates industry and R is basically obsolete. I will be switching to a course in Python.
Certainly not worth paying for this course, only talks about how to install the tools. Not able to take quizzes when you try to take the course for free.
Good introductory course. However, an overkill as a separate course (and hence charging $30 for it). Courses 1 and 2 could have been clubbed together.
It has almost no content and isn't actually useful. I've heard later classes in the series are way tougher, so the ramp up isn't at all good.
Not really enough content to be a course in it's own right, should be additional material as is useful, but definitely not a requirement.
It is really basic course, I expected much more even if this is offered only for $29.. (the cheapest course in the specialisation)
I think a few people like to hear the mechanical voice. Some videos have really low resolution and it is hard to see the codes.
Completely useless. Just a number of boring videos of what you may possibly learn in Data Science Specialization.
Not worth the price. Extremely basic stuff spread very thin over too much time just to be able to charge for it.
Useless. The information content is close to zero. Just some blah-blah and a long tutorial to install software.
Way too basic for the price - almost no content - this is just setup - I resent paying for setup instructions.
Horrible explanation regarding push and pull requests. Would not recommend this course to my friends.
Poorly organized. Poorly communicated. No reliable source of assistance with technical problems.
An online non-credit course authorized by Johns Hopkins University and offered through
Coursera
The courses are not by a real instructor/professor but are scripts read out loud by a machine.
The course does not warrant the price, it has way too little information. Very dissatisfied.
It's a course which is designed to preview the other courses. It could easily be eliminated
This course could be summed up in one page or so. Very little content.GitHub lessons good.
The robot voice is terrible. This needs to be fixed. I wish it was an actual person.
By far to expansive for what you get. Anyway, thanks for the hint about swirl.
Automated voice was terrible. - I didn't even last through the first video.
This course was extremely exciting for me. I enjoy every bit of the course.
Not worth 29$ considering you could take away very little from this course.
I have no idea why you called it course, since there was nothing inside.
I do not recommend the whole program for anyone, it is a waste of time.
waste of time. except for git and github ,nothing much is in it.
I didnt like the idea of automated videos. Doesnt works for me.
I just made me install R, R Studio and a repo on Git. Thats it.
I was expecting 4 weeks of work, but it was more like 4 hours.
Too compact and short. Should be integrated to other courses.
nothing special here... the real stuff begins next course...
u clearly didn't even explain the basics of r language
Its pretty much basic course. You might skip it.
This course must be a part of another courseres.
too little materials. can finish in two nights
The computer voice is really annoying.
this course is very poorly structured.
This should not be a course in itself
I think there are only few contents.
Didn't learn anything in this one.
Not useful at all if it's audited.
Too expensive for what you get :(
Audio not reliable.  Format bad
I can't cancel the suscription
NO HAY TRADUCCIÓN AL ESPAÑOL
The course is not updated.
it's too slow and too bad
The mechanical voice.
Very basic and boring
not much interactive
Ass robotic stuff
very basic.
Robotic.
Basic introduction for the specialization, principles of data science, and installing stuff, it's fine to get started but could get hands dirty with R more quickly.  Overall the plethora of 4-5 star reviews for this specialization seem generous.  You will learn a good deal but there is heavy focus on R and academics of data science (Rmarkdown, Knitr, shiny apps etc), only 3 courses (6,7,8) get into meat of statistics/regression models and ML; the capstone project is interesting but doesn't use much of this stuff, it gets bogged down in technical work with new R libraries for text processing.  The material is a few years old and not being maintained, discussion forums and interest/participation feels stale.  Take some time to look at syllabus and compare to other courses for what you want to learn before committing many months to this specialization.
Good overview of the ideas/concepts in data science and the set of courses coming up, but mostly seems to be a place for people to work out any issues getting Git, R, and RStudio set up before they head into the R programming intro. Very light on useful content outside of that. Definitely not 4 weeks worth of course material - can do the whole thing in a couple hours or less.
Robot voice should be replaced by the course instructor's face to face interaction.
Good course content but I really disliked the robotic voice used in the lecture.
I started the course but didn't like the computer based audio lectures.
I am simultaneously doing a course here and one on Udacity. In comparison, this course is much less enjoyable and efficient. There are several reasons for this 1) you never see a person present the material in the videos, it is just pictures of slides. This makes it feel less personal and enjoyable. 2) The lessons are relatively long and there are not opportunities to practice in between. Udacity, for example, has short 1-2 minute videos for each concept and then ungraded practice quizzes, which make it very clear what you are supposed to learn without feeling like you failed if you make mistakes. This saves you time so you don't have to go back into a 15 minute video to hunt for an answer to something. 3) The quizzes here test a lot of minutae. They are not always focused on the main points from the lecture. This can be frustrating because you may feel like you need to spend an unreasonable amount of time looking for answers to small points or get frustrated and feel like you are failing. That does not really make sense for an overview course. 4) The instructor often rambles or has side remarks. He sometimes forgets to give the proper background information for beginners. Takeaways or action points are not always clear. 5) This course feels unnecessarily long for what it is supposed to accomplish. It could be a list of programs to download and a very short summary of things you will learn in upcoming courses. Instead, you spend hours on this and feel like you walk away with no new technical skills.
The course is fine, however its more an introduction than a course. The course in itself doesn't teach much, should have been the first week of subsequent courses. I went through all 4 weeks in 1 week, the whole course is mostly about downloading different tools and signing up for accounts. What I didn't like is that the teachers seem to be really concerned about their reputation and workload. Its repeated several times that you shouldn't email the teachers with questions and that online questions should be of a certain standard, its understandable but its a bit patronizing. I think teachers should be available for questions, even if its only through the forum (which they are) Its understandable that there are a lot of students so direct emails might overwhelm but that's just part of the job, we pay for the course, we should also get support when its not working for us. Overall I wouldn't advise taking this course if you aren't taking it as part of the specialization.
I think this course could have been done in two 30 minute videos. It jumps in with overviews but contain some high level items you won't understand until later in the course and it really doesn't give enough context to be meaningful at the time. It almost seems like it was thrown together without a clear mission of what should be in the introduction. Being a developer who has used some of the tools in this toolbox (Git, GitHub, Command Line) this intro really glosses over tools that most non developers won't understand. If I had a say in what should be in this intro it would be one video end to end of setting up the tools. The second video would be all about the history and logic and some of the applications we will be exploring without all the r formulas in the slides.
I wonder if most of students who took this course would have expected to keep installing software, one after one, and seems never end. For the whole week course, there is nothing related to the course. The worst part is that once I got into trouble to get a software work, I got stuck. I spent hours and hours to search for a solution on the web. However, most of the answers are too technical for me to understand.  Although I understand that data scientists have to use some computer  programs to assist them to the work done, I don't think that,  as a novice, at this stage I need anything like GitHub or git to help me learn the subject. Moreover, I'm not sure if I would be taking another data science course yet.
Too basic material. I had to watch everything x2 faster to keep my attention. This course is just an overview of the topics that will be explained in the next courses, which could be much shorter in just one lesson or just avoid it. It is only useful to have R and RStudio installed and to introduce you to GitHub if you do not already know it. I think it would be an improvement if you made the videos longer in order not to repeat yourself. Because sometimes you are constantly reintroducing a topic and never getting to explain much of it.I hope that the rest of the courses be more direct and easier to keep my attention on, because I really what to learn about this subject!Thank you
This is really bad structured. As analogy - imagine a cookbook that says: in chapter 8 you'll learn how to cook pies, but here in introduction let me tell you how to add baking powder in them. It is not useless information it is just very out of place.Learning some git commands was the most usefull in the course for me. (Though again, why would you first show the commands and just after that explain what's the tool for and where to download it?)And by the way it takes half a day to cover all 4 weeks material (listened through all videos, installed the tools). Which is not bad, just of other users information)
It is a nice introduction, but the material is barely worth a one week orientation lesson (I have completed it in about 4 hours with watching all the videos, taking detailed notes, and completing the quizzes for 100%) . Why should we pay for a specialization preview, we can read info about the separate courses on our own? I am really looking forward the next courses in the specialization since I really need a good course in statistics and this seems to be one, but the first course should be eliminated. The installation of R and github account videos should be added to the next course as an introduction.
A very big difficulty for me, French people who uses to speak english everyday for may work is that :1) Teachers don't do any effort to speak slower and to articulate2) As with all other courses I've attended in english, it's impossible to read a transcription, even in english, while reading slides.Slides are not sufficient by themselves, i.e. without commentary beside. The workaround I've used is to print french translation or english transcription and read it, trying to guess which part suited with which slide ...For a non-free course, it's not really professional ...
This was a very basic introduction to the concepts of Data Science and the software necessary for future courses.  Overall it was fine, but I hated the robotic voiced over videos and ended up playing them on mute to get through them.  Also, considering the explanation that doing the class content and videos this way allows the university to keep the courses up to date and correct errors faster, there was still several out of date sections of the course and a number of errors, so I really felt the automated setup as an annoyance not a benefit.
The lectures were very uninspiring for the most part and I felt that my practical understanding was poor. The forums were also not particularly helpful as I saw Moderators mocking students for asking valid questions based on their inexperience with Data Science. I spent most of my time finding better tutorials on YouTube, so really.... I have a certificate but don't owe much of that to the course in question. It only becomes worse as the complexity increases with the rest of the Courses in this Specialization.
The course is well structured and provides a good introduction, however, I expected a bit more from a course that costs 20 pounds than just a few clips on how to install and set-up software/create a github account etc. This information is available for free online on the websites of the respective software. I understand that such an introduction is needed for the course, but then do not offer it as a separate 20 pound module. Instead include it for free with any other 'specialization' you can buy.
It shouldn't have been a stand alone course. Just a series of "how-to" instructions on installing RStudio, linking it with and using Github, which one can find easily with more detailed examples on the internet. This one can be combined with the next course (R Programming) in the specialization. That monotonous bot voice is a serious drawback. Having an instructor is very important for a course especially when you are charging for the course.
I can see that the lecturer's intention was giving an overview by mentioning all different topics, however, it just got me confused. I wish it was more into a solo topic. It would be great if it was given only git/github lectures, so we, the students, can be more comfortable when it comes to uploading files in the following courses. I see in the discussion forums that github is a problem for most of the students in the forums.
You will learn some command line commands, git, Github, and what you will need for eventually using R.I was a bit annoyed that this course is a requirement for the Data Science certification (which is what I am after). I already knew everything taught in this course and was a bit annoyed I had to pay for this in order to complete the track. I think 'courses' that are fully setup like this should be opt-in not required.
The course is extremely introductory and even though it may lead you to references you may use to self-teach yourself, it is not worth taking a four weeks course for a one week content. At the end of the week you will have about three new programs installed in your computer and no idea on how to use them for practical situations. Although it's intended as introductory, it surpasses that barrier to mere spectacle.
In my opinion, the content of this course is too basic and little bit of topic for the data scientist specialization. Of course it is useful to be able to use git, shell etc. but I believe that most of the people already know those and the rest of the students can be redirected to relevant study material. All in all, there was about 90 minutes of relevant study in this course.
Very very introductory. I didn't find the tooling aspects of this course particularly helpful, but I'm not in the target audience. It's length was misleading -- I completed the work in two days easily, but I am a technologist, and already had the tools installed. If you use GitHub and RStudio, the meat of the course is only about an hour of the lecture.
Not very engaging videos. Superficial introduction to the mechanics of some tools without providing much context. Final submission did not work per video explanation. Need a more engaging presenter. Not quite at the level of Prof. Ng's Machine Learning course which I realy enjoyed and learned a lot from.
This should not be its own course, as it would be pretty useless if you were doing it on its own without doing any of the other courses. The end of course project literally being just to make a Github account and download R-studio could be quickly covered in the first week of the other courses.
showing - doing things live in the video would have been great .. it seemed like explaining a PPT by an instructor. You could have taken one data set and have done all shorts of things and then in the midst thrown some quizzes to student instead of going though all the  discussion in one go
Not bad, but certainly not good. I cannot believe there is a style of teaching where you never get to see the best way to do something. I can slog thru the programming, but I doubt it's the best way to do something, but I never get to see how something should have been done.
Very basic course.  Poorly motivated, material presented without an effort to demonstrate why.  This is not entirely out of place in this intro course, but it permeates the entire program.  Difficulty poorly controlled, projects and quizzes much more advanced than lectures.
I personally think that this course should be better interwoven into the other modules of the data science specialization. It's a quick primer, but aside from that, not very valuable in terms of the information that it's providing. I wouldn't pay $49 to take this course.
It is generally good course, but I feel it is just a combination of very little tools, skills and ideas. I believe it is quite complicate for me to understand, esspecial git and github. I think it is better to combine this course in other courses where you need it.
Would like to have seen more material using git and git bash commands. More repetition here would be helpful. Seems like a lot of this information will be lost or forgotten when it comes time to use it, especially as it relates to the Data Science Specialization.
Dry videos. Most classes are someone showing how they do something their way, rather than guiding or teaching with the intent to have the student absorb and re-apply principles.Very difficult for a student to absorb material from this video series
Hard to follow with a lot of technical intructions right off the bat with inadequate explanation, a lot of "read more about this at <insert URL>." Videos were boring and the instructor was invisible just reading off the slides. Not very engaging.
This course should not be the first module of the specialization. Also, it lacks exercises and the content's explanation is not that deep and interactive, making the first course of the specialization boring and not caught student attention.
I definitely did not like the robot voice even though the course mentioned that it could be annoying. I wish there was more instruction involved, especially for beginners like myself. It was still confusing to complete some of the tasks.
Very disappointed in the quality of the videos. The voice-over is computer generated and takes too much focus. Luckily you can choose just to read it yourself. But this is not what I was expecting from  Johns Hopkins and Coursera.
The course needs to spend more time on how to init and push an item from RStudio to Git. I ended up having to watch a youtube video on how to do it. And all the comments show that this course did not prepare students how to do it.
The robot voice is a bother. If it is something experimental, the course should be free: students are human beings, not guinea pigs. There are better books and tutorials for installing and exploring the software.
This module should not be kept as a separate piece...The steps mentioned in the lectures does not properly cover what is asked in the assignments.The lecture content needs to improve to cover the assignment
I found this informative but you do not get much in terms of service.  One of the quiz has a technical issue and I made a complaint weeks ago, but I still haven't gotten a response. Nor has it been fixed.
It is too easy as a "university" course. It is much more like a pratictioner course. The final exam is ridiculous, really too easy.It can be thought as a week course instead of a four week course.
Presentation great.  Quizzes are idiotic.  You take the quiz, it tells you that you got an answer wrong but does not tell you why most of the time -- so no chance to learn from your mistakes.
Very little information for the cost. I was done with the whole course in a few hours. The review in the next course covered most of the same things. It certainly wasn't worth the price.
This was really basic information. It's not really a 4 week course. It takes several hours. The info is necessary, but it's sufficient as a single week of content for a larger course.
The robot voice makes it extremely difficult to fully understand the information presented. I found myself having to listen more than once to ensure I did not miss any information.
Very basic course, I was able to complete the 4 weeks on content in a weekend. I would recommend skipping this module and moving directly to the R Programming course.
Very basic even for people with no DS background. Issues with quiz having passed and results showing as failed. Inability to speed up and move on to next module
I didn't like how I couldn't do some of the tasks because some steps were missing from videos and texts and there is no help in the course except the forum
Too slow!! Why waiting for others to finalize and rate, enter enough dummy exercises so that the student can complete the course much sooner. Thanks.
Very superficial knowledge. More pratical exercises are needed and daily problem examples. The use of github and his pratical purpose is not clear.
Very average do not feel I learnt much. Still not sure if it's over or not since i've submitted a peer review assignment and cannot go any further.
This could probably be compressed into a single week of setup for the R Programming course. There isn't much in terms of substantive learning here.
I mean, it's replicated in the next classes, and it has silly questions in the practice quizzes. It's not worth it. Just kill this.
Very basic introduction to Data Science. Seasoned programmer or other IT professionals are likely to find this course really weak.
it is a good course but need to show more examples of R. the course should show more empirice examples of the functions of R.
A good intro to the tools required for a Data Scientist. However, could cover the usage of the terminal and Rstudio better.
Not that useful. There is no need for videos. The content can simply be presented in one single PDF in a time-saving way.
Somewhat interesting to get an idea of what can be done with Git / Github, but I don't feel prepared to actually use it.
Materials are getting out of date, especially with some of Github's new features. Instruction not clear in some lessons.
Lectures are ridiculously boring, especially without having any video cam component to bring stimulation to the class.
I do not think it is worth the money as the content is really basic and installation of software can be learnt online.
Too little content. Can finish the entire course in a few hours. Could be compressed into the first week of  a course
If you can install R & RStudio and sign up for Github, then you're 80% finished with this course before you start.
Basic setup of R and Git. Prefer Treehouse's integrated workshop structure for tasks like these and/or youtube.
Extremely remedial. Not worth the time or cost on it's own, unfortunately it's required for the specialization.
Is this entire course going to be watching videos of powerpoint slideshows, wrapped in a rather buggy website?
they made this many courses as  they can earn more money.I dont think this course should me taught seperately
Very, very, very basic intro. The entire 4 weeks could have (and should have) been condensed into 1 week.
I didnt learn anything about data science. I could have learned how to install all those tools by myself
There just wasn't much to this class. It's not bad information, but it could have been done in one week.
It's an extremely basic introduction... which doesn't help in much for the next session (R Programming)
OK course. A brief overview, but the sequence of material isn't that well thought out in my opinion.
VERY basic course, some of the week's assignments were simply installing software for future use...
Introductory Course mostly around installation and setup for the other courses in Specializations
Maybe, I am already somehow experienced, but I think that the time I spent on that was a waste :/
This course is very basic and takes nowhere near 1 month. I spent about 3 hours in total on it.
i feel that the course need more explanation .. i got really lost in the begging of the HW
This module is just enough material for 1 or 2 lectures with "How to get started" notes..
Good introduction of what is to come, but nothing too provocative or thought provoking.
Automated Voice is not helpful as it doesn't let you concentrate and makes you sleepy.
The automated voice is extremely annoying but apart from that everything is good
The instructor is an automated speaker, it was too bad, I couldn't focus at all.
the speech is too fast to be catch up with and doesn't have much useful contents
Absolutely interesting, but a loss of time if someone already knows the basics.
Didn't provide much info beyond the basics of git. Could have skipped this one.
Not sure this should be a course that is charged ....
on to the next one now.
It's great to learn how to use GitHub but this hardly qualifies as a course.
Very introductory.  This material could have been compressed into 1 week.
Very basic - Did not teach all the necessary things required with Git.
Isn't very usefull, I'm impatient to start the R programming courses.
This course is not much interactive because it includes boots voice.
Extraordinarily basic.  Entire thing can be done in about two hours.
Might be useful for total newbies, but this was very simple for me.
Not that interesting, but gives you the basis to install R and git
A little bit vague, could use more practice using git and git hub.
Jumps around, doesn't put anything into "real world" examples.
Very high-level discussion of data science and useful tools.
Too easy and doesn't really prepare you for the next course.
Content is ok, but I really do not like the computer voice.
Only informative. Not worth it outside the specialization.
Very shallow overview, not really a full course I'd say.
Nice introduction but actually very little content
exercises given don't follow the course line
Not able to get a start with Robotic Voice.
This course is not very "beginner friendly"
It's more a preview than an actual class.
I think it was too long for such content
This should not be a course of its own.
Too basic, this should just be a read
should not have been a 4 week course
a bit too simple to be a paid course
Really poor quality of the material.
A little bit too slow and too easy
I thought this was very very basic
Not much substance to this course
The video wasn't very effective.
it's not interactive at all !
I didn't get much out of it
i think was ok to start up
The course is very simple
Extremely Git centric
Too easy, very basic
Too short and easy.
Not really useful.
Sound is too quiet
Barely any depth
Very basic
A bit basic, but a great start for beginners.
The course contents are thorough and clear, but the UI and the platform of the web course could use some thought. I find it a bit tricky to take notes and copy url's and command lines from the video. Perhaps this is just a matter of getting use to the platform. Excited to proceed to the next course!
The course is well structured with enough content provided on each topic. However, the steps to install softwares on Linux, or any instructions to complete the setup on a Linux machine, is missing. Also, I feel that the course is so basic, both in content and duration, that it could be accommodated easily in a few lectures in the next course in the Specialisation. In a nutshell, it doesn't deserve a price tag.
It  was basic but was very helpful. However, more things on actual data science should have been included in the course
Computer voice is not good to listen otherwise the course will be a great material to start data science.
Automated videos are difficult to focus.
It seems very basic
Hi guys. I'm not sure that you are reading the feedback, but instead of saying that it's good or bad I'm going to come up with suggestion. I'm data pipeline architect with 20+ years of experience who decided to take these courses to understand a gap of knowledge that current data scientists have. I think it comes from the very course. The R is kind of out dated for current world of big data, but I think you've already heard about this. Some Data Scientists who show up in our company they are good with theory but very bad in implementation. They don't understand the Big Data, especially distributed data. R is good language to the lessons but it doesn't have any connection with real world. You better include some basic knowledge about Spark (especially Spark ML), distributed computation and finish with R. Most of data science algorithms and libraries implemented (and used by real world) are in Python. Contact with some Cloud Providers like AWS and Google to create accounts for education. You course would be more attractive and, what is most important, would be more useful for people and companies where they start to work.If you want, you can contact with me about some volontier consultancy. My email is nick.orka@gmail.com
Generally good information, but the static powerpoint videos are a bit too vague to be useful. I ran into issues several times when the steps described in the video (sometimes providing incomplete terminal or git commands) didn't coincide with the steps described in site specific tutorial videos recommended in the course forum. So I ended up spending a lot of time 1) figuring out the full commands required, and 2) reconciling conflicting sets of instructions after receiving error messages. This mainly occurred when trying to get my local git work to correspond to GitHub. I suggest more actual demos in the video lessons (i.e., actually type in full commands, show the result, and explain how to interpret those results), or 2) explain overarching concepts and then simply list a set of existing online tutorials that should be followed.
This course lacks the inter-activeness that holds up a class. Even the material was not worth the money as it just teaches you to install certain programs and exactly what one can do with it. I feel there is enormous scope to improve this course in particular.  Things I will suggest:1. The installation process is not shown with a depth. I feel increasing video size wont matter as reducing and removing certain important points that students should learn. I hope a better depiction and graphical representation of such an amazing subject can be done.2. The problem with coding is that though they told how to make certain thing bold or Italics not actually it was shown as to where to put this. I hope that everyone gain interest in such a subject.
I noticed that w/in the course video's there were numerous cases of misspelled words and even some incorrect information. Regardless, it didn't prevent me from learning the material, however I would expect more precision from Johns Hopkins. Additionally, the narrator (at times) seemed as if he was getting exhausted/running out of fuel towards the end of each lesson. Some of the instruction isn't exactly clear, i.e. the instructions for installing R, RStudio & Git. Perhaps you all are attempting to make the student engage in some heuristic thinking? When it comes to a class like this, precise and clear instructions are a necessity, especially to novices. Regardless, I look forward to continuing to learn. :-)
From the basic layout of the course you would assume it's for beginners since it covers step-by-step instructions to install software and run command on command line window. But on the other hand, many advanced concepts are slipped in this course without even basic introduction. I remember in one class, "data dredging" is discussed for about 2-3 minutes. But the instructor did not give a brief description about what it is, instead it just goes on about when you do not have clear question in your mind, you would run the risk of data dredging. I think the course could be organized in a better way. But I do appreciate the instructors' hard work of putting up such a 10-course specialization.
The content is good, but there are numerous technical problems in the course. Frequently there are references to "copy the code" which is only present in a video frame, so you can't copy it. There are also references to "follow the link" and there is no link to click on. Sometimes you can type it in from the slide, but other times there are no links given. Some of the questions in the self-assessment do not have correct answers. I can verify this by taking the self-assessment multiple times and choosing a different answer each time and never getting it right. Some of the questions are also miscategorized in the wrong lessons self-assessment.
Candid but respectful comments......Some of the lecture material seems outdated. What we are seeing is often  different than what is being presented. Is your content up to date? Lectures are quite good. When we have a serious technical issue, who can we reach out to for quick assistance? In my case, for some reason when I attempted to download and open R Studio, download was fine, the file executed as expected, but the application was nowhere to be found on my computer. This is not good because I can't begin R pranking without it. I have reached out vendor and am waiting for response. Concerned. Other than that am liking what I see
This course didn't teach me much about Data Science or the different areas to pursue after this introductory course. I probably could have got as much out of it as following the tutorials on GitHub and the new desktop tool. Following the tutorial which was made for windows was also a bit annoying at times.  Finally I had to wait weeks to have my assignment marked and there is still conflicting information on the course page - in 'grades' it shows I didn't pass the week 4 task. On other pages it shows I did and earned 41 out of 41 points. However I can't see a confirmation of course completion.
I don't agree with the order at which this course is introduced to learners. Why do we need to learn CLI and Git at the very beginning? Besides, everything in this course was sort of detached and sketchy. For instance, the intro to the types of analysis (e.g. descriptive, exploratory, inferential, and so on) is not covered well. In my opinion it would be much better to have an intro about the underlying theories and concepts in much more detail rather than learn Git command or learn how to melt and cast data (from Hadley's presentation).
The lectures are sometimes needlessly long with a lot of superfluous talking. The course would be better with more concrete examples and THE OUTPUT OF EACH INCLUDED. The course explains very simple queries and then asks you to do complex ones in the quizzes when the examples were poorly explained. Khan academy is a much superior course to this one, yet it does not offer a course certification. If this course actually wants to teach people efficiently it should emulate the real-time learning and coding in browser that Khan Academy has.
This course sets the stage for the rest of the Data Science specialisation.You get a lot of textbooks for free and they cover a lot of material.The quizzes are a little bit underwhelming, especially the first week. Too few questions, testing some questionable knowledge (eg, what other courses there are in the specialisation -- hardly a required tool in the data scientist's box). Overall,  it's a good preparation for what is to come. It managed to whet my appetite for more , however I'm not sure the course is very useful on its own.
I have to say the text to voice translation of the text to video lacks good rythm,  sometimes it is not  easy to follow all the detial espatially there never is natural pause after some touch ideas or steps to me. As a class of introdution level to layman like me I think it could be better introducing more practical examples to practice, or I would like to see some links to external study materilal, that would make the class experience even better to avoiding frequently searching for troubleshooting.
The initial lectures were good . The Git & Github part got me little confusing , a little detailed explanation with live examples would have really helped. The last conceptual part was interesting. Some reading material just to drill down on certain Data science jar-guns would really help though it is understood that best place to find answer to question is google / forums / stack overflow...Still some reading material would really be very helpful to maintain the interest in the course.
Basically if you take this course you are paying money to create an account on a website and download some software (both of which you can do for free).  The rest of it is a preview of the other courses in the series.  The quiz questions don't correspond to the information on the slides.  I successfully passed the course, but I didn't really learn anything.  Now I am debating on whether or not to continue to the R programming course after reading through the reviews of that course.
This is a good, general introduction.  A motivated student can run through it very, very quickly.  As the first of ten courses, I understand that it is a very general introduction.  Still, I think it could be ramped up a bit.  Week 2 of the next course - R programming - is kind of a kick in the head if you're not a programmer.  I feel like some of the content from R programming could have be included in the toolbox course in order to take advantage of the relatively light load.
This should be at most a 1 week course, that is free. Half the course is installing Rstudio and signing up for github. The other half of the course is simply learning what each course down the pipeline is about. Those lectures could just be tacked onto the description of each course and you would get the same thing out of it. I think this course would be improved by more instruction on what git is and how to use it and maybe going over some fundamental statistical topics.
The course was exceptionally planned and executed. One big problem that I had with the course were the automated videos; I can't say for others, but I wasn't at all comfortable with an AI voice teaching me the course content. I don't think I can ever get used to that. I would rather take a course that's 10 years old, 80-90% valid but has a human teaching me the course content. Other than that, I enjoyed the course. Thank you!
This course accomplishes what it says it will, but boy is it boring.  If you are not already experienced in data science, it also requires a fair amount of imagination to picture what all these tools are actually used for.  I would have preferred to have these tutorials integrated with the more substantial courses in the specialization. That way I could see how these tools fit in to an actual project.
The course dealt with basic software issues on getting you ready for Data Science, and discussed briefly more conceptual topics. The contents of this course by no means would take 4 weeks to complete from anyone, so I think the time span to take this course is exaggarated. Still, it is very important course to get you started, if you are complete stranger to R, RStudio, GitHub and R Markdown.
There is a pretty big jump from the content to actually completing the assignment.  The assignments are not well aligned with the swirl learning or the videos. There is no logical process taught about how to move forward if you get stuck. It often means a student is forced to search the internet and hope the answer they find is appropriate so they can write their own code.
I liked the course, but I'm still quite uncertain on many aspects; feel like I have a lot of grey areas. I think adding a small project video, and how the different tools (RStudio, GitHub, GitBash etc.) come together on a project would have been powerful to clarify how this comes together during a project. Not for us to learn or emulate, but to understand the big picture.
Establishes an overview of what Data Science is and introduces some necessary vocabulary.   The installation instructions and github setup will bore IT-professionals to death, but my be useful to other students. The final test should really be scored by a bot instead of other students of this course  -- as it is, it needlessly wasted my time with clickwork.
I think first course is only about installing, installing and installing. If they cover more introduction to the field rather than only installing that would be nice. But to show how to install and perfectly run the software is very necessary and the did that job very nicely. looking forward for the next one hopefully that'll be also good as this. :)
The course structure is really good. The content is good too. I found the speed a little too fast. Plus there should have been some small exercises in between before the quiz to make the lesson more interesting and intriguing. Another point that I would like to state is that, the slides could be even better and visually appealing than they are now.
The content is fine, as an introductory course, however, the computer generated lectures are a travesty. There are enough mistakes in the text-to-speech translation that make for a distracting experience, and if you are really a novice, could be problematic. I wish that the teaching staff would go back to filmed lectures with a real professor.
i felt this course was very disorganized.  It introduces terms and concepts not explained before.  There was an assignment on creating forks. This process was not in any lecture.  Of course, with R and GitHub you can find anything on internet.The lectures narrated by Amazon Polly is very boring.  It also messes up some of the terms.
It's ok. After the first lesson, I should be able to provide a clear elevator pitch with a high level understanding of what I can expect to accomplish (4 or 5 steps) as a Data Scientist. Instead, there was one slide that touched on this quickly, somewhere in the middle. What are the problems, how do I solve them, give samples.
I guess this is the basis for the work to come in the program, but it should be called "installing RStudio and using Git".  Not useful for anything but getting ready for real work. The videos were annoying - I just read the text instead of listening to the computer voice and having to pause and restart as I did the work.
The first course is composed in articulate way that allows a simple and schematic way of comprehension, but some single parts of the first course seem to be lacking of some information, above all to me without previous experience in informatics tools like github. Maybe I suppose to master this tools too long in advance.
literally i lossed the feeling of real time learning and it seems like just reading. i really do not like this kind of teaching style. infact direct teaching by the instructors is being a good experience rather than using this kind of technologyi reas all the course content, without listening by  recorded speech
Good introductory course for the specialization.Video' probably need an update as they're all cut in the end.Also some more background and a little more extensive lectures would have been nice.Anyhow, it did the deal: an introduction to R, RStudio, Github and Git.Curious what the following courses have to offer.
The course size is pretty small compared to other courses I joined in Coursera. It took me only 3 days to complete the 3 day course. I think all setup guides should be left as assignments for students with some links where we can refer to on our own. Anyway, the course finally convinced me to start using R.
Instructor speaks very fast so that i read subtitles instead of hearing what he say, in addition to i stop video more times to understand what he say, but totally the scientific and technical contents are great also his advises for us in which how we can find the answers for our questions about data science
The part of explaining Predictive and Inferential Analysis is confusing. I think it won't hurt to give some more specific examples and methods used in each case. Both types of analyses involve sampling, so I think it is necessary to keep it clear how that sample can be used to either "infer" or "predict".
the lectures are full of the Prof misspeaking, this leads to you not knowing how to complete the task because the Prof can NOT communicate properly to us while we listening to the lectures...  it seems like they completely missed the fact that NONE of us are data scientists... Now your Audience......
I put three stars because it should be specified more how basic this course is, is almost that this is done for somebody that doesn't know almost anything from CS. So it should integrated with other kind of specialization. I hope that the following courses have some serious math and advance topics.
The course goes over the basic toolkit for data scientists. Overall it seemed too easy and maybe a bit simplistic. I was expecting more. There was a lot of optional reading made available in week 1, perhaps some optional assignments/quizzes related to that reading could be added to the course.
concepts were very good but teaching method/material must improve...some of the materials and methods used are too unstable to be useful for professional use...more work should be done by instructors to separate the 'reliable' concepts/info from 'interesting to know but not ready for mass use'
The peer-graded assignment system needs to be changed. Because there are few users who deliberately mark one's assignment wrong, despite that I verified from my teachers who said that they were correct.Since this happened with me twice, hence I gave 3 stars, otherwise I could have given 5/5 .
Very basic material, but a good introduction and a necessary step to ensure a baseline of knowledge for future courses in the data science specialization. I would only take this course if you are interested in the specialization otherwise save your money and google the info you need.
Insufficient available project available for review and thus unable to pass course due to technicality. This is a major problem. The course should still be passable even in the absence of sufficient other projects to review, which is a problem that no student has any control over.
I was a little put off by having to grade my peers and it felt like the final task required a few bits of information that hadn't been previously covered. I felt some more examples could be useful in getting people adjusted to GIT. Not a bad first course but not what I expected.
The materials are good, but it felt like this class should have a been a 1-week introductory lesson to Data Science. It is definitely now a 4-week class, maybe a a 2-week one if you take very easy. You end up with a basic setup for the next class. That I found very useful.
I think it's generally a useful course, however, the way that the information was presented is extremely hard to understand, at least for me personally. Although they explained the reason, using a robot's voice in the videos really interfered with my learning experience.
Very light & not really consistent with the heavy workload of subsequent courses. Felt it could have been much much stronger explaining GitHub- which shows up as a problem in latter courses strongly suggesting that toolbox does not effectively cover GitHub for newbies
One thing to note, I am using a work computer, so our IT support had to add the software required.  This was inconvenient for them because I had to put in several support requests as I progressed through the course even though I installed as much as I was allowed to.
I think the course was too superficial and didn't cover enough topics to be a standalone course. It could be part of a greater course. My feeling is that this wasn't worth $30 dollars, and that such a small course was put together just to charge for one more module.
As an intro, this course is probably pretty good. I, however, already had experience with R (although the refresher was useful). However, if you've taking a data science or machine learning course recently, I'd give this one a pass and head on to the next course.
Thank you for the fantastic effort. Here's some constructive feedback on the course. It's a very basic course, could have included more material. Also, the audio quality is not that great. To make it better, I'd Include more walkthroughs for Git and GitHub.
Too little substance, though I do expect the rest of the series to be good as I take this as a setup course and my expectations for those are high. Having said that, perhaps it would be wise to charge less for this initial course or even offer it for free.
Some parts are good, but the presentations are something very boring because the fact that are 'automated'. Is the first course and the concepts are very basic and sometimes well explained but i expected a more interactive course. 3.5 / 5, maybe 8 / 10.
Really tough to review this class outside of the context of the other elements of the data scientist specialization. What was presented was straight-forward and quite well done. After I know how well prepared we are for next classes, I will re-evaluate.
This is a course to get you set up with all of the tools that you will need to go forward. No hard homework, but you will be ready to work. The intros into various aspects of the curriculum also serve to prepare you mentally for the coming weeks.
Useful steps for starting the specialisation, but should this really be a course that people are paying for? Come on guys. By the way, some R programming concepts could be introduced here and de-clutter the congested/crammed R programming course.
This course is a good start to give an overview on the toolbox you should be aware of to specialize in Data science or analysis. You don't need 4 weeks to complete to complete it! At best you could complete within a week or 2 days. Best of luck!
Not sure if we will come back to Git, but i thought that in this section it was covered way too superficially. Maybe the idea was that we should get to it ourselves, but i guess my expectation was different. Other than that, the course was ok.
Some video explanations are not so clear, so will be great to highlight some concepts, theory and methods or technical (with some reading), also will be great exhibit the latest news about toolbox(that is the current topic) or data scientists
This course stays on the surface and doesn't delve too deep, probably in order to not scare off people who are new to the subject. From what I've seen in the second course, the material becomes a lot more difficult, which I was glad to see.
Would have like to jump straight to the material. Although I understand some may need it, the command line course was pretty basic. This course on it's own doesn't give much. One can get started with Programming with R w/o missing too much.
Fairly basic course covering the fundamentals, I would suggest to most people to complete this course concurrently with the R programming course or to complete it all in one go, as I personally completed it within a couple of hours or so.
While this is a good introduction to Data Science and the tools available, it might feel a little too elementary if you have had prior exposure to the subject. The final peer review project could have been a little bit more challenging.
It did not meet my expectations. It is more an informative course than a specialization course. They thought they were going to go deeper into the use of statistical programs, they only cover details that you can discover for yourself.
I have mixed feelings. It was WAY too easy for me, but my wife did it too and it was about right in difficulty for her. But either way, I felt like it just taught you to install stuff rather than actually teaching meaningful material.
A good course as an introductory course.  My career aspirations are not to become a data scientist so I don't know how much I am going to use the Github. Time will tell. I really enjoyed the videos and how the course is given. Cheers
Too easy if you already know anything about github or Rstudio, although I do understand the need for an introductory course.  The "Experimental Design" video was the only really useful part and contained quite entertaining examples.
This is a very basic course. If you are already a software engineer you could zoom through this entire course in an evening. If you are not a software engineer and don't know what things like github are, this class could be useful.
it is not the best way to start your data science career for me as a student because it has a lot of reading and theoretical ways I don't think its good for a beginning start and I was hopeful for more practice I would love to do
Beginning course in Data Science spent too much time on tools and not enough time on concepts, possible solutions and application. Seems like I spent a lot of time in the weeds of application installation and repositories. humm
I believe that in some of the assingments the student is asked to do a few  things that werent taught in the course.  And also during one of the quizzes the platform wasn't working propperly, and I had to answere it many times.
I don't find the contents about R, git, and GitHub very helpful. They are way too brief and perhaps work better in those specific courses where we have a change to use them. Solely learning some commands is not very effective.
Learned a bit but overall it is literally not worth the price of admission. I think that this course could be offered for free and maybe the others are worth paying for. Hope that the rest of the specialization is worthwhile
Although the course is a good one to get you all set up for the upcoming courses from the Data Science specialization, the content of the course is very less to be considered as a separate course and charged money for.
Though the course itself is introductory in nature, i wish there was a lecture on what and how exactly are these going to be useful with the help of a real life example and also an increase in the depth of the content.
It is useful to get to know the software that staticians use and some review about them but it doesn't teach you how to use them. A good introductory course for the specialization track but useless as a unique course.
The overall outline are great. However, the contents and requirements of this course are too simple to be integrated as a whole course. I think 1 lecture should be enough. I am looking forward to deeper introduction.
This course should probably not be it's own course as it can be completed in one afternoon. It might be better suited as the first week of the R-Programming course (to make room maybe move the graphics talk to eda?)
The course was fine, but I think it should be offered for free even if someone is doing the data science specialisation track. It is really just teaching you what data science is, and how to install a few programs.
There has to be a more engaging way of introducing course material. For example, by showing someone actually using these commands in the videos vs. just putting the Git, R commands in a power point bullet format.
It's a good introductory course, but it's very basic and I feel that I paid a lot for a very basic experience. I do understand it is the first step in a full specialization but I think it can be more challenging.
Its always good to have a real teacher's voice rather than an automated. There were also a lot of instances where number  of questions were asked even though they weren't taught in the class.Overall, it was good
It is a very basic course to give you high level of what the course is going to cover and the tools that will be used throughout the course. If you have much programming background this course will be a breeze.
Well presented, but this course should be optional in in the specialization.  There isn't really enough material to justify it, but it does cover the basics for someone with little to no development experience.
With many thanks to the instructors, I expected to learn more. I did not learn as much as a 4-week course in Coursera. Please include more materials and avoid advertising for other topics in the future courses!
The Course is very well designed and anyone who pursues it gets very well acquainted with the applications and tools . But i would like to suggest that this course can be completed in 7 days instead of a month
The length of the course, in my opinion, is a little bit too long. Actually it took me only 3 days to complete this course and I am not really a brilliant one. So I think maybe may will have the same opinion.
Not a bad intro; I don't know if anyone would benefit taking this as a standalone (or for an entire 4 weeks, for that matter). Still, it introduced some solid concepts for professionals and scholars, alike.
Though the content of the course is nice, i wasn't completely comprehend everything. I was expecting to see a lot of explaining using the live screen mode, i.e., explanation while operating on the desktop.
This is a really basic course. If you have never touch code before, it's more useful, but little is actually covered here and the gap between it's contents and the next class, R programming is dramatic.
Super basic, each week was only about 30 minutes of video lecture... but I think that was their goal? Bad form on coursera for making you pay to submit assignments that are autograded to begin with.
This is a required course in the Data Science specialization. If you're planning to take that specialization, you should start with this course. If not, you shouldn't bother - there's not much here.
As a software engineer I found this course a bit useless, but I do understand other people don't have the same background. Having said that, I believe it should be optional in the specialization.
It's a great course. But the peer-graded setting of projects really delays the grant of certificate. It took me more than two sessions of waiting just to get a grade for the peer-review project.
Very basic, can be done in one day! However, we always need something simple to begin learning something new. Also, it was useful to have some guidance in the installation of the various tools.
The course is basic, and quite simple. Some might say too simple. I think it should be about 1 week long. I already knew all the things going into it so it was easy to finish it over two days.
unforutnately automatic video are quite hard for non native speaker. You always need to revert to reading materialthe intro to R should be extended with more practical exercises and examples
The theoretical part of the course is good, but the quizz questions were simplistic and very hastily prepared. I would recommend this course as an optional module and not as a graded course.
It's a very basic introduction. Would be nice to have the option to skip it for more advanced students.Also the recorded lectures are really quite, so you have to turn up the speaker a lot.
Good Introduction to the basic tool set, Can be bit more comprehensive by giving an overview of other tools available to do the same operations and also why this tool set has been chosen.
There wasn't much to learn that I didn't already know. There was a lot of talk but no real practical application (I guess except for github for people that didn't know how to use that).
This course coud have been provided as intro to R programming course or it could be just planned for 1 week. Anyway, overall it was ok though not yet extremely intense or informative.
It was a good overview. I understand that it’s really just a quick intro into upcoming specialization courses. I wouldn’t take it alone. But I’m excited for the rest of the courses!
I got a brief understanding of R. Better something than nothing. The problem is, they need to update their lectures. This would be less confusing and more convenient for students.
Make it more illustrative.. The examples are very less and not explained properly for beginner. Assignments should be more practical. There must be a tutor to clarify the query.
A good attempt to give introduction on basic Data Science tools though most videos end abruptly which spoils the seamless navigation experience. Maybe the team can work on this.
Good introduction, but the professor could have been more descriptive about how to use git/github. These are new concepts for people so it may be difficult to grasp right away.
Probably a good course if you aren't terribly familiar with GIT or some form of version control. It also helps to get all the tools in place to be ready for the other courses.
I understand the rationale for the auto-voiced videos, but I wasn't crazy about it. More importantly, I didn't understand why the text-only versions can't be used on an iPad.
Good outline but perhaps a bit slow going when a lot of people want to get into coding as quickly as possible- could some of the git instructions come further down the line?
The automated videos have seriously reduced the value for money for this course. With thousands of students, surely you can spend a bit more time making this presentable.
Good course for an absolute beginner, but much too light if you have any experience at all with data science or programming. Entire course completed in just a few hours.
It is a good intro course to get set up with everything you may need for future courses, but it's not necessary if you are already a little familiar with github and R.
The assignments were too simple to solve. Maybe 1 or 2 graded questions on Git/GitHub could have been added considering the importance of its usage in future courses.
I enjoyed the start up course and look forward to more, but am battling to figure out how to sign-up for the next step all roads seem to force me back to the Toolkit.
Nice to have a place to get all the tools setup but it's also harder to feel like it's worthwhile when there are no applications for any of the things we installed.
I think final assignment can be improved. For example, the assignment implies that you know how to generate a codebook.md and the video classes doesn't teach that.
For people that are new to Data Science this is a good intro, for people that might have some experience with R, statistics and ML in general this is way to basic.
The course is structured well, but I found it too elementary, I didn't learn anything new. So, If you know basics of Data Science and R. Kindly skip this course.
I think this course could be integrated into the other ones of the specialization, or, if it is meant to be just a course to get an overview, be free of charge.
Helps to get the initial environment setup for the Data Science specialization.Certificate received after completing the course is not effective/useful at all.
No subtitle in French as announcedIt would be great to have the power point bigger when readingThe guide for connecting Rstudio and GitHub needs to be updated
it could have been better if it was more hands-on learning, for instance I don't understand why did we learn CLI till now and how will I link it to my studies
Might be a good introduction for those completely new to computational tools, but not useful for those with any background in git or R. Can be safely skipped.
Good course about getting the basics for the Data Science specialization, but a bit overpriced, as the content is low, and can easily be done in 4-5 hours.
You don't really learn all that much, but then again I have experience with R and some data stuff already, so perhaps it'd be more useful for someone else.
It was a great start to data science but also students should have it in mind that the material presented in the course won't be enough to get through it.
I understand the text to voice automation was done due to cost reasons, but listening to the automated voice is VERY exhausting! Otherwise great content.
A very basic overview on Data Science. You learn how to use git, rstudio, and other tools though. The other courses of the specialization are way better.
This  course should be a free trial for whole specialisation. IT will be more helpful for students to know what is further stored in the specialisation.
If you already know your way around git and basic programming this is not a very interesting course.I feel it should be included in the specialization.
The word 'toolbox' made me think there was more in the course.  'Introduction' or maybe' Overview ' may have been more accurate. Good course otherwise.
I was hoping to learn more stuff I didn't already know.  This class is more of just a vague overview of the other courses.  Can be completed in 1 week.
Its was pretty good. I'm not really sure how important it is to learn Git so soon but it must be used in the next classes so I am excited to find out.
A good introduction to the course. Opening up quizzes to help feedback what we'd learned (for free learners) would have made the course much better!
Everything is fineI think they had better not include the GitHub thing in it without clear explanation.It takes me too much time on that assignment
Not much of a course, I understand why it exists, but it's basically just getting setup with the environment. Almost not worthy of course status.
it gives you the necessary tools and knowledge for just beginning the data mining course. so you cannot expect to learn about the process itself.
Less Content, should be more technical. Mostly repetitive from the the crash course in data science. Should have put an optional videos for git.
THE COURSE IS GREAT BUT SOMETIMES IT IS HARD TO UNDERSTAND CERTAIN THINGS AS THE LEVEL OF UNDERSTANDING FOR SOME CONCEPTS IS NOT UP TO THE MARK
I think this course has too many theory, I think it should contain more practical example for us to try....and too wordyBut overall it is fine
Too much material. Too soon. I am new to R and the stuff was a bit overwhelming. The course got easier as I advanced through the other courses
The content is very basic. The whole course took my around 6 hours to finish. I think the instructor should add more solid training on GitHub.
A bit odd this one. It hase some points, but most of the training is looking on what the other courses are.. Like paying for commercial :-)
The course was just fine, but I don't think we should spent entire 4 weeks on it. One or two week for this course would be better I think.
This course is very basic for a person with an IT background, but nevertheless might come in handy for people without relevant experience.
Difficult to follow the robotic voice at a speed of 1,5; the links simply don't workAnd, known bugs on LaTeX need to be found by googling
There is a slight lack of clarity in videos in terms of audio and also in terms of what exactly the author/lecturer is trying to convey.
thank you for the course it was useful. However the machine voice is really annoying and make fell uncomfortable and unfocused all time
It's a very basic course and easy to get through.  I wish that they wouldn't make you wait to get to the next section of this series.
Gives a good overview of topics and the specialisation, however is still very basic. I'm looking forward to the next advanced courses
Some of the information for this course seemed to be missing and I felt I had to either guess a lot or search the internet for help.
Good as just an introduction to data science. Some more exercises using Github, maybe some collaborative works would have been nice.
The "robot voice" speaks really fast making me having trouble to understand the content several times. Overall it's a great course.
gives some good information but the git section isn't really well made and it could have some improvements on sound and quality
Very basic overview of the tools and installation of them. Should be an optional course rather than part of the specialization.
Peer-review assignment questions leave out some assumptions; it took me a while to figure out what exactly was expected of me.
This course was a beginner level course and the difficulty level was quite low and in depth detail should have been provided.
Extremely basic, should likely be a pre-req for non CS/IT types but could easily be summarized for more experienced students.
It is a good introductory course, but it could be optional for people with some experience in the field, as it is very basic.
The real basics of data analysis. The course is not bad I would just say it may be too simple even for an introductory course
Didn't get an awful lot from this course. The videos have a lot of information which are not directly related to the course.
This is a good introductory course to some of the tools but it doesn't go into the details of R programming or Data Science.
It was too short and too easy, even though I didn't know how to use git. Only thing I learned is how to use git and github.
Only include very basic contents, doesn't need 4 weeks to finish this course. More like a one or two day induction session.
Basic introduction to the specialization. It was way too simple for me since I already have knowledge in machine learning.
Please get rid of robot voice, it's awful.Aside from that, very helpful and informative for preparation in other courses.
This course is very introductory and very short, so that most of the things presented in the course were familiar to me.
illustration is not enough for the commands. More schematic description could help understanding the course much better.
It is not clear enough for a greenhand to understand, especially about installing Git on Mac or pushing files to Github.
Very light workload if you're technically competent. I would have liked to have had more to do with the math and such...
The course is very preliminary. I think more programming should be thought in this course. It's just very theoritical.
Content is great for an absolute beginner. For anyone on the intermediate end of the spectrum it will seem very basic.
Quite basic - but good overview of general theory. Don't do this on its own, it's quite useless as a standalone module
its just an introduction to R please make it more explanation to R  even if there course about itand thanks very much
The course accomplished its goal. Nevertheless, since it is a paid course I expected to find more theoretical content
very helpful but i think it is too short, i need some more concepts to fully understand what these tools used for
Lots of very general review information, not much new stuff.  Did force me to start getting familiar with gitHub.
Super basic and boring stuff. Mostly talks about R Studio and GIT. Not of much help to those with IT experience.
the voice is too low and the level of instructing are not for beginners, but with a lot of effort you could pass
Very introductive. I hoped more about this course. There are interesting stuff but I'd rather more work volume.
Github exposition is a little complicated. I believe it could be more detailed. But the rest is very well done!
Doing this course first doesn t make you anticipate how difficult could this speciality in the next courses :p
There is practically nothing in this course to learn. It can be termed as a introduction to the specialization
The course is too easy to be called a course. Just an easy intro, which you can complete in a couple of days.
Very short, easy and introductory course. Gives a nice high altitude overview of the subject but little else.
Not useful by itself, but grudgingly necessary to get you ready for subsequent courses in the specialization.
It is good for those who are looking what is data science and how to install R and Github and how they work.
A little more depth on R and R studio and the rest and more data driven projects would have been appreciated
Easy introduction into R, maybe a bit too slow though. Course name is a bit misleading and not informative.
The first 2 lectures (overview/introduction) are pretty good. The tools/practical material is very trivial.
Mostly preparatory material and setup activities for the rest of the series. It's OK, but not a revelation.
Could be completed in a single day but spread across 4 weeks. I could understand a week but 4 seems silly.
It was great to know new terms and tools used in data science. However, the course is mostly theoretical.
Needed a step-by-step information sheet about what R Software and Tools need to be downloaded with links.
It's only enter-level for people who don't know R. For those who already used R, it's not a good choice.
Good course for supporting the rest of the specialization. However, it has very little use on its own.
Would have loved it even more if there was an in-depth explanation of how to use GitHub using Git bash
Course is good overall, but it could be more detailed and informative which is lacking at some topics.
Needs examples and practical exercises. The videos are long and monotonus mainly because the speaker.
One Could have introduced the basics of R in this course..The course was too easy..Even for beginners
It's very very basic one.Some more topics should be added to this course.Otherwise it will be boring
The video content is great, but it tends to have zero relation to the content tested in the quizes.
Course doesn't seem to be of much use. Was not much informative. Only some information is relevant.
It was pretty good, but most of the information is rehashed briefly in the intro to R Programming
Course was good, nice introduction to data science and its branches. There was not much of depth.
I don't feel like I learned a ton from this, but hopefully, it prepares me for the next courses.
I didn't like the fact that the instructor didn't feel human-like, however, it felt more robotic
Content is not found sufficient. Also order of the video series also requires some modifications
A necessary prerequisite for the other Data Science classes, but not really a standalone course.
I liked it because it helped me to configured the software that I will use in the next courses.
Good overview of existing tools but more information will be useful to dig into the data world.
I think maybe because I have computer science background, so I think this course is too easy.
I don't really think that this amount of information should exist as a whole separate course.
Good overview. But it is confusing for the first class when you have no idea about the topic.
some information was interesting but in general I don't think it was crucial for learning R.
If you don't know any thing about data science, good introduction, otherwise a wast of time.
A very simple course, focussed on installing the correct tools on your computer to learn R.
Too little material for 4 weeks. All this could've been written in a PDF instead of videos.
Video lectures where TTS, not at all engaging. Thankfully, text material was well written.
Overall the course content is good, but the power points are not engaging and interactive.
Very Basic level. A little difficult to stay focused without having an instructor around.
Very basic, may be a bit more use cases on Git would have been useful. But that's just me
Few content for an entire course. I think this one could be together with R Programming.
Wasn't as good as I expected, but still I learnt from it, I can say it's above average.
I am aware that this is the introduction to this topic but it was a bit long-drawn-out.
I was already familiar with some content. it was a good starting point for may training
A good intro to the tools, but for anyone with prior programming experience unnecessary
Okayish course. This course will give you an introduction in RStudio and Data Science.
Too few activities for the time allocated. I completed this course in 4 periods of 2h.
I think the project became very confusing since no examples were done in the lectures!
I think this class is best for academic people. I did not find what i was looking for.
This is a very basic of the course where I learned so much about the different tools.
This could be wrapped into one of the other courses since its just environment setup.
Pretty simple, the Univ of Michigan Data Science with Python set the bar pretty high.
A little boring.  Necessary if you have ABSOLUTELY no experience with data analysis.
Good starter setup.  Looking forward to the technical portion of the Specialization.
the course is good but the language is little bit hard because it is auto generated
peer review was sporadic, had to redo several assignments based on language barrier
It`s too introductory. The methodology with an IA voice it`s not comfortable yet.
highly recommended for newbs in any kind of development, otherwise waste of time.
The course was very limited, it should have been combined with Introduction to R.
i felt like this is so robotic. and in many cases i needed to learn from YouTube
I suppose it is ok as a foundation. Otherwise, it doesn't offer much on its own.
Not a lot of good information. Just introducing you to the programs being used.
all the content of the course could be a week of some course of specialiazation
Too simple and most contents are overlapped (already covered) in other sessions
Upgrade to submit? That's meaningless.  Especially for this fundamental course.
It was good as an introduction , meanwhile its contents are little for 4 weeks
It's way to easy to be a separate course. It should be part of R Programming.
This first toolbox module is all about setting up. Not much programming yet.
Decent overview, gave me some things to google. No real substance as of yet.
I think this course needs to be much better in terms of adding more material
Good overview. Helpful introduction to topics covered in the specialization.
A good Introductory lesson, but for advanced students it is not nessesarry!
Very insubstantial, in terms of material. Much more can be done in 4 weeks.
A little bite long regarding the concepts number developped in this course.
Easy course. Everything covered in this course can be found easily online.
Nice introduction but not many new ideas i had recive, but thank you team.
A great course. But I still think there is a lot of room for improvement.
Need more friendly lecture, that's why we can understand topics easily..
Sound quality for every lecture is very disappointing ,very poor quality
A good introduction to data science and the associated issues around it.
Extremely useful info, but the material is too shallow to be satisfying.
It is a good course, however, I would have liked deeper knowledge in git
Really basic, it's only necessary if you have no knowledge in the area.
Audio on videos was sometimes unclear.  Course content was interesting.
Mostly auditory discussion of concepts. Not so much visual or hands-on
Very basic...One must do the entire specialization to make any sense.
Very basic. Probably unnecessary for anyone with some experience in R
Please include some optional Quizzes/Assignments also for practising.
Very basic introductory course. Looking forward to the other modules.
The instructions for using git and git hub left a lot to be desired.
Very Basic Course. Doesn't require the time that was allotted to it.
Probably more useful for someone with no background in programming.
good for introduction. The sound quality is low. Can be shortened.
too easy,i wish we had more things do submit so we will learn more
The introduction of how to use github is undetailed in my opinion.
Too simple. Personally feel this can be clubbed with R Programming
OK introduction to specialisation but now very useful on its own.
Not really specific, just a broad indtroduction to data analysis.
I was a fan but I loathe the fact you cannot review the quizzes.
Good for a beginners course, could be a little more challenging.
Good course, but in 4 weeks you will get only basics of basics.
Course is good but I personally feel that course lacks content.
I have a problem with the sound. That quality is so bad I think
The course is way too basic and can be completed within 2 hours
This one is just a warm up for the Data Science Specialization.
please improve the whole layout. introductions and so forth.:D
It's a good preview, but very little is actually learned here.
Not informative as expected. Please include more information.
Not sure it can constitute as one course - was helpful though
Interesting, but could be improved with further applications.
Not much content for this course, can be done in a few hours.
great content, a little long course for the provided content
This course was too much theoritical but was a good course
Very basic if one has already worked with software before.
Some of the quiz questions are just useless and annoying.
A brief and easy introduction.It should not be mandatory.
would like to have more detailed and interactive sessions
This course is good. But automated video is so annoying.
Seems to be somewhat useless in terms of actual content
give you good basic for data science and tools required
Pretty Basic, but helps get you in the swing of things.
Good for understanding tool and how to work with Github
Just an intro and learning a bit about Git and Git hub.
Doesn't provide a strong enough base for R Programming.
Good and basic understanding of terms.Can be made vast.
Just the basic setup... pretty slow but informational.
Very easy, I am unsure if this is a good thing or not.
Good course, but worth only for really basic learners.
Not really a course, should just be Week 1 in course 2
Covered basic elements of data science and statistics.
I would like to see more practical exercises about R
It was helpful in getting to know R and R packages.
The entire course can be explained in 2-3 lectures.
this part is not necessary, keep it optional please
Very introductory course, give an overview of tools
Good course, but lectures are sort of superficial.
Maybe a good basic intro course, but quite simple.
I wish there were more exercises for the project.
nothing special, no significant knowledge gained.
Later courses are better. This one is quite easy.
Good but needs more assistance with the students.
This Course is great. but the speaker is too bad
The git and GitHub section is not very clear....
Too basic, not very informative. Waste of money.
The course is too short and I didn't learn much.
Quite basic, but good to set the needed programs
Decent for a start. Focuses too much on Github.
Thought it was too easy to be its own course :)
A good high-level introduction to data science
just the basic info about R,r stdio and github
Pretty basic, could go a bit more into detail.
Great course to begin with Rstudio and GitHub
Great course to start a data science career.
To easy :) but good start for the beginners!
Too basic compared to courses that followed.
i feel i just learn the superficial knowlege
Very common curse about common data things.
Good foundation for the following classes.
not much content in compare to time given
SOme of the teachers' voice is too weak!
Good walk through, could be compressed.
Not very helpful. Unnecessarily lengthy
A good beginning to a promising journey
Too little information and too basic.
Really basic stuff. Good, but basic.
Really hard to follow the lectures.
we need more explain in this videos
Good Course, but needs more updates
Basic introduction to data science.
Just an introduction, not so great.
Content for the course is less
It was cool, but surface level
Already had experience with R.
Getting started with the tools
This course was far too easy.
Human Interaction is missing.
Students be more interactive.
I hate the automated videos.
Easy but not terribly useful
The sound volume is very low
Good at the Beginning level
Good and truly basic start.
short but good introduction
Good as a basic over view.
Very basic introduction...
A very good for beginners.
It's very straightforward.
Couldn't hear the videos
Good course for Starters
automated  voice is bad
Gained some experience.
Not much helpful course
I will get to it later
very very basic course
all good for beginning
Nothing much important
Very. Very. Very Easy.
Very basic, but well!
It's kind of too easy
Easier than expected
Too simple, too easy
Pretty basic stuff.
Good for starters..
Very little content
It is not worth 30$
I took the survey.
Really easy course
Very basic content
Good for starting
Its a good start.
An easy start ;-)
very basic stuff
Could be better.
Motivating
Quit easy
To easy.
More clarity on creation of .md file should be included in lectures
This course was in many ways the first day of lectures, get your syllabus, buy your books, install your tools, etc.  I would give it 5 stars but the lectures inclusion of internet addresses that aren't links and aren't included in the transcript led to a lot of time paused and typing out long addresses.
Its a basic course to learn general terms of data science. It helps you to set up all the programs that you need to start in this discipline: RStudio, Github and some additional good practices. In general, its a good course. However, I missed coding and a person explaining the videos (i understand the idea behind this, but the concepts on this particular Mooc are so introductory that the argument is not valid for me)
Would be great to have more reading materials
Good but need more explanations for topics.
Teaching of lessons are simply amazing.
The course is clear and good to learn,
I'm doing this training for the second time, now as a beta-tester. Particular comments about lecture content, problems, etc. have been put in every lecture.
General comments, in short:
1) Related to the new platform and UI design:
_ It is cleaner and simpler than the previous one. I like it, BUT...
_ It lacks of some useful features: saving intermediate results in quizzes before submit them; calendar; limited number of subforums.
_ The most relevant flaw: there are not downloadable versions of lecture slides. Unacceptable! No way to check most of the links we saw in slides (URLs not visible).
_ Description and steps in course project appear "too packed" together. I prefer the former design.
2) Related to content:
_ The course is mainly for preparing students for the rest of data science specialization program. When you said "toolbox" you mean the concrete toolbox you will need to do the program. Some people expect to have a general introduction to data science but that is only a half of the content. I think this is clear enough in the presentation but for some reasons there are people in forums who protest the content, so maybe you should insist more in this fact.
_ I would like to suggest some kind of reorder of material: week 2 is all about installing a running tools and week 3 about key aspects of data analysis. Maybe you can split both types of content between wk2 and wk3 to make wk2 more appealing for not technical oriented students.
_ Git is a source of problems for a good portion of people. See my comments in lectures about how Git is explained.
So why not 5 *'s - because I could not give 4.93 *'s What I found excellent and thus 5 *'s - *****a) materialb) even the automaton of a voice - was not a deterrent but rather soothing - oh well tells you something about me!!!c) Material is deceptively easy in the front end and gets progressively more difficult laterd) the references are well thought out even of the entry into Data sciencee) The build up is very logical f) Lots of thought has been put into the design by the teamWhat I found lacking and thus dinged a couple of points (perhaps too harshly)1) The mini quizzes do not sufficiently force you to think about the material and thus easy to breeze thru to the next week - perhaps I am being too judgmental and it may improve in the next course of the specialization2) I could not see an easy way to get the material to review when taking the test - most of the time I forced myself to not look at the material to test myself but the onus is on you3) It should not be about getting some questions wrong but learn the material so that every question can be right (imparting knowledge vs getting a certificate with 80% pass - think how would we feel if this was a training for a neurosurgeon ;) ) - a suggestion would be to force the student to read the section that pertains to the incorrect answer and not allow the test to be taken again until that is accomplished - like in a class room setting.
This course is a great intro to the potentials of R and the world of Data Science and Big Data as well as the approaches and mindset needed for it. It's fairly straightforward, my only suggestion is to maybe include some tips on troubleshooting some installations for some parts of the lectures. For example, I already had R and Rstudio installed from my college days, but the versions were outdated (R 3.2.3) and weren't compatible with some packages and they weren't working but I wasn't understanding why until I had to google it. Similarly, I had some issues with linking my GitHub account to my Rstudio because the route it was using wasn't working and the correct one was highly similar, I was only able to fix it thanks to forums. These details can be frustrating for someone who's trying to follow along with the lecture but is stuck, so thank god for forums. It would be nice if the instructor could write a couple of tips on how to fix some common issues like those for novices.
Excellent Course for learning Basics. I had no previous experience with software, computers aside from surfing web, checking e-mails and some Microsoft Office. I'd recommend this course to anyone Interested in data-science or coding in general. The course is easy but not too easy the frustration of dealing with computers exists and I feel it was important for myself to struggle a little bit. I followed the advice of the instructors and sought out solutions to issues. I spent twenty hours a week but if you are tech savvy, take good notes, follow directions and everything goes as planned you could possibly get through the course in a lot less time. There are also a lot of people willing to help. The course shows you how to seek out help efficiently. I didn't request any help this time around had I done so I would have spent half as much time on the course.
I think this is an excellent course. If I could I would give four and a half stars. The only reason I wouldn't give it 5 stars is because I would prefer to have my work graded by an expert rather than my coursemates. I tried to mark as fairly as possible but didn't know whether I'd done one of the questions properly. So I marked other people down on where I thought I'd made an error (but wasn't sure whether I had or not). I think this could be potentially unfair to people as they may have got it right. If an expert had marked all the work then we would all be sure that the assessments were correct. This is quite a big deal when it comes to confidence in one's own progress moving forward. However, I thought the content was great and easily accessible and I am looking forward to continuing the course.
A good introduction to some of the tools used in data science. However, it felt like the lectures for git were a bit rushed. Also, while it is easy to do so by following the provided instructions for Mac, I have noticed there is no lecture/tutorial for installing RStudio on a Windows System. Overall, I think the course was a good introduction to the 10-course specialisation. Although, as a course in itself, it is somewhat lacking. The provided reference text by Professor Jeff Leek (The Elements of Data Analytic Style) is a concise summation of the course with extra information on best practices. I would recommend all students enrolled to download and read the book twice to get a better understanding of the concepts introduced. Personally, this helped me quite a bit.
I think there could be more lectures on programming related to R. After this course, I am now able to just link any R file(project, script, markdown files) to Github. I also got to learn various features of world's largest repository holder like steps involved in pushing any document to Github repository. Since I am little more interested in leaning the programming languages, so this course did not meet my expectations. Instead it turned out to be some course with greater emphasis on theory and working of the RStudio.Rest overall, it provided me with the base knowledge of data science. I am sure that this course will cater greatly to my foundation of career as a data scientist. Thank you.
It was really good for a beginner's course. I thought that knowing how to code was the only limiting factor when it comes to learning R but this course showed me that as an upcoming Data Scientist, one needs to know what they want to do in R and decide how they want those questions answered. I got to learn far more about Git, Github and R Markdown which I think will really be helpful for the projects that I will set up during my PhD. The course was 4 weeks but I managed to get through it in 3 days. I am especially happy that my request for financial aid came through because without that, I would never have been able to start this course in the first place.
Great review of the foundations of Data Science. I would have also included some background into the basics of database design, table construction, data file content examples from both relational/NoSQL (etc.) sources. Also, would be great to get a compare and contrast of the value of R versus, say, Python-Pandas and VBA because these are the other two free resources out there for handling data in some form (yes, I know VBA has limited applications in deep data science, but it IS still relevant in business analytics---a common launch point for the career of many would-be data scientists). All in all, superb work, folks. More please! Need input! (Johnny 5)
Overall an interesting program is offered. Just started, an update is expected towards the end of the course. So far found an issue w/ quiz #1 (incorrect grading due a broken internal logic (?) where 2 different 'correct' answers are offered during subsequent quiz sessions). Also, I would say that the intro videos are too short to be useful. Anticipated scope is well aligned w/ modern trends that are re-branded from the underlying concepts known for a long time; such concepts were always being in the arsenal of any serious practicing engineer or scientist. Modern packages though are a nice compact up-to-date tools collection.
This is a very good course for beginners. The tools covered in the lessons and quizzes are indeed vital for contemporary data science. The suggested readings are very helpful and interesting, and the quizzes are also good. The only weak point of this course are the automated video lectures. They are quite boring due to the monotonic, computerized voice. Ok, automated lectures surely have some advantages, as explained by the instructors. But human emotions are key to learning. Thus, to promote accessibility for disabled students, there could be a mix of video lectures taught by human instructors and automated readings.
I would recommend it to any one. The introductory course is so basic that some might see it not important but the course has done a well job by easily getting across the foundation of Data Science as well as helping non-programmers to easily drift into this field. I would have given 5 Star if i was allowed to attempt my tests even though i am auditing the course. The only thing coursera should benefit from is providing the certificate. By freedom of giving test and doing courses people will surely pay for one course or another when they get more confident with their results in audited course.
Solid starting class that highlights the fundamental software you will be working with for the Data Science Specialization.  It holds your hand at the beginning, but familiarizing yourself with the software may lead to a few bumps in the road.Some of the issues were due to unclear directions and, at one point, a needed additional package to knit PDFs from RStudio R Markdowns.  While the forums are not very active, there are a few people who might be able to help you.  Also, Google (along with the listed Data Science forums) is your friend when looking for answers.
The course was really constructive. However, for the students who are really new to coding, courses where creation of git hub account or coding to push/pull data from git hub is involved, i would suggest to add more videos related to step by step coding. Also, there are some irrelevant questions involved in the weekly quiz which are not very fruitful when it comes to learning this course. I would suggest these questions to be removed. Team can contact me on my email Id if they require complete feedback for such questions. Hence I would rate this course 4/5.
I found this course a fairly easy introduction to the tools you will need for this series of courses, however I already had a rudimentary knowledge of Linux and Bash Shells.  For the computer novice this may be more daunting.  The one area that is worth spending some time on as an investment for the future is git and git-hub. Understanding how these work together is not transparent.  It took me a while to figure out what I had to do to push committed files to a remote site.  I think suggested reading could be more specific to guide people in this area.
The course was well structured and I compare him with two other beginner courses for data science. So far, the best one. I prefer following my own pace and opt for either video or script. The audio voice was a bit monotone but otherwise ok. I liked that there was some attention to data analysis background at University level but it was pretty basic. The final project was good since I had to redo it a couple of times before I submitted and those skills are now pretty permanent I guess:) Thanks for the clear (most of the times) guidelines.
The Data Scientist’s Toolbox is a great way to dip into Data Science and the methodology behind it. The course is very general, and makes an effort to cover the bigger scope of things without delving deep in any. More than anything, it's a great way to learn the components and uses of data science and set a framework for all that will be coming after.The materials are very well laid-out and almost feel like attending college classes. The visuals and slides are a little dry, but the pace is lively enough to maintain momentum at all times.
A light introduction to the Data Science field, in many ways it can be difficult for inexperienced people with software or inexperienced with stats - in my case it was not very difficult since some of the topics were already familiar.The course can be done in a couple of days if the topics are already familiar, in my opinion the course's contents are perfect for someone very new to this field.I would have rated more stars if the course's content was more "objective" for people unfamiliar with the subject - other than that it's perfect.
I got some bugs when running git bash and I had no clue how to fix them. I kept watching videos over and over but I couldn't find the answer. Then I tried google, reading many websites and doing trial and errors until the errors were gone.  I understand in real life this is what I need to do but it would be good to know some proper ways of fixing errors after I submitted the assignment. So I can learn and use in future! Apart from that, the course is really useful and prepares me for the next stage.
It is a very good introductory course for anyone who would like to learn data science, or would like to use tools in data science for their everyday work (like me). In the course you will have some general essential ideas about what is data sciences and which tools are used in the science, and the most importantly, the concept of version control and the GitHub tool for the purpose. However, there will not be any in-depth knowledge in the course, which is determined by the introductory nature of it.
This course is a pretty good introduction to data science, although I'm not sure how useful will these tools be in the future. Also many tutorials were unclear and I had a lot of problems to complete some lessons, I had to solve those problems by myself (difficult task sometimes considering I know nothing about data science). Anyway, I learnt a lot of stuff, in the end I recommend this course for an introduction, but check the content first to see if it suits your learning interests.
On enrolling in this course I knew nothing of the data science world and always wondered how  all that "jumble" of data was organized.  After this short course I am beginning to have a glimmer of how this is done.  I know there is more to learn and I am curious to know how.   I must say that I struggled quit bit towards the end of the course with the assignment, but I believe as I continue with the other courses I would become more proficient using RStudio and GitHub, etc.
Important note: Opt for this course only if you plan to do the entire specialisation. It is developed solely for the specialisation and not as a standalone course. You will not learn much concepts or theories or practice any R programming here.
In general this course was basic and good enough to get someone started for specialisation. The video lectures for setting up R, RStudio and Github account were helpful and very basic ( maybe coz I already had an github account).
A lot easier than I expected.  In particular, compared with courses where one final project took longer than the rest put together, the project is just to put together your R/Rstudio/Github environment.  There's a lot of value in that; plenty of courses you learn the concepts but don't add anything to your repertoire; if a year from now I'm putting a little project on my new Github site now and then, that will have more actual impact than a lot of harder ones.
I wish this course would spend a little more time upfront saying at a very basic level what data science is and gave some real life examples of data science in action.  Most of the course is configuring software that you will be using down the road, but it would help to know why you'd even want to use the programs and in general, what their capabilities are before you get into setting them up.  I imagine that latter course will do this (at least I am hoping).
I would have preferred more hands-on examples or projects for each week's lessons. As an entry-level practioner, this course felt thin. There is a lot to absorb and while my interest and curiosity is peaked, I've found I've been able to grasp a better understanding of the material outside the classroom rather than inside. This is ultimately a good thing but I would have liked some more "hand-holding" from the course to feel more comfortable moving forward
Great intro course. Got me in the mood, established the perspective I should have going in. I felt that some of the lessons like R Markdown were a bit rushed and at times I felt like I was just following along without understanding the commands and ideas. Perhaps that is simply a lack of emphasis or a lenience in tone (like don't worry, we'll look at this later), but in that case I suppose it did not translate through the synthesized speech.
Although the modules were supposed to teach us how to setup RStudio and git on our computer, I found that they ignored a lot of common errors. I use a Mac and had to spend a lot of time on the web looking for answers to how to complete the setup. Although the solutions were pretty straightforward, it took me a long time to identify and pick the right solutions, the right downloads and the right tweaks to get everything going.
It's a very introductory course where topics are only mildly touched upon but I guess this is the goal of it. Git, GitHub, R, RStudio, Statistics... these are only signalized and very basic introduction is given. I trust that the other courses that constitute the whole Data Science Specialization series will dive deeper into the individual subjects. But as an introductory course The Data Scientist's Toolbox is OK.
This is an introductory course to the vast theme of Data Science. Fundamental concepts in data science are given and also the access to the most commonly used tools is showned, as its name suggests. You'll learn which questions to ask and how to answer them. You will setup your data science lab in your pc (R Studio) and join the development community using GitHub. An entry-level well paced intro course. Very Nice.
The narration and content are excellent. The clarity of the slides has given neat direction steps to installing the software. However, I was not able to co relate the Command Line Interface with the R console after installation. I was overwhelmed with the huge list of commands immediately after software installation. The Week 3 videos have great information  but lacks a coherence with the remaining course content.
This course was a very good broad overview of what data science is. I've taken some courses tangential to the topic before, so it wasn't particularly groundbreaking. I encountered some complications installing software and didn't feel like it was always very clear what order I was supposed to do things in, and I wished I'd had more help since installation issues can crop up much later and be hard to diagnose.
The text to voice simulation needs work.  In particular, it does not understand that when the word "record" is used as a noun, the accent is on the first syllable.  When it is used as a verb, the accent is on the second. Also, to output markdown files to pdf, on Windows machines, one needs MikTex and to link it to R Studio.  I have downloaded MikTex, but I have not yet figured out how to link it to R Studio.
The content of the course is very detailed, including a step-by-step guide which really supports beginner as the course promoted. The pace of the course is just right. The only comment here is that, while I understand the underlying reason, the course is presented using a text-to-speech voice which makes the course sleep inducing. Overall, it is a good starting point for those who want to learn R without a
I like the structure of this course, it introduces essential tools for people who just begin the journey of becoming a programmer.  But the quality of videos needs to be improved, especially the instructor is basically reading the slides and sometimes it's distractive and boring... Besides, I don't think it's necessary to include all the introduction sessions for other courses in this specialization.
Are you ever tired of long-winded professors, focusing on a lecture for an hour or more, or spending hundreds of dollars for a class? Well, this course gives you the structure of a course, but the video lectures are concise, the topic is to get you in the door for data science, and all of my questions were answered quickly. I recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn data science.
Great Course. But for completely beginner who don't have any previous experience in programming or have some experience in other language but not in R Programming Language, might find it difficult to cope with. Many of the times, I had to google and watch other tutorials in youtube to understand some lessons of the course. Besides the artificial robotic voice was quite irritating for me.
I get that this course is more catered towards people who have never set u Softwares like Matlab and Rstudio and have never utilized Git but I felt that if you are touching these topics, it would be better if it were more in-depth and made a strong foundation. The statistics part of the course was excellent but I felt more attention could be paid towards Git and Bash and CLI in general.
Good introduction to the Data Science Toolbox. I found the course very engaging, setting up foundation for further studies. Also, very nice platform supporting In my mind though taking this course makes sense only in conjunction with the other courses within this Data Science Specialisation as knowledge you get from Data Science Toolbox will not be sufficient for practical application.
This is my first course on Coursera so i didn't really know what to expect and i apologise in advance for my ignorance. The course only takes you 8-10 hours or so to complete (even accounting for reading external sources) spread across a month. I enjoyed it, but it doesn't feel like i learned a lot and i think it could be a bit more intensive. Looking forward to R Programming (part 2)
With my background, this was a lot of repetition of information that I already knew, but I was happy to have the reminder and it would be an excellent introduction to the specialization for others who do not have as much of a data science/computer science background.  Overall, I feel that the course was worth my time and I feel it is a great start to the Data Science Specialization.
It is really a long journey to me ( 6 months) and the study itself has ups and downs. The first few courses and last few course are relatively easy to me, but the statistics reference and regression model are really hard, and Capstone is the most difficult and time consuming course/project ever. I am glad it is all over and pretty sure it will be worth the time and effort on it.
I found it somewhat difficult to figure out how to push the file to GitHub (luckily I did find some helpful info in the forums), but otherwise found most of this course very easy. I can't figure out how to download the slides in such a way that allows me to click on hyperlinks, and I've seen other people say the same thing. I also would recommend making the code & graphs bigger.
Overall, a great course. However, I hope that the course will focus on explaining overview and principles of data science, not explaining how to use toolboxes such as R and Github. R and Github as data science toolboxes are not well explained in this course because it was quite difficult for me to follow what the instructor showed in his slides about using codes in R or Github.
This is a good course. You will recrive knowledge that was promised, but 1 mounth for this is too long. 2 weeks is long for this too, but at least appropriate. Also I have encountered some problems in the process that were not mentioned in course. It was not too hard to solve them but this is it. Thank you for your course! I will definitely take the next course in the program.
Enjoyed the course and learned a lot overall. It was the kind of intro and overview of data science I was looking for. Several of the quizzes need a review of the answers in the multiple choice questions. As my first class taken in Coursera I found having to retake a quiz and game it to get the "correct" answer that was not actually the accurate answer a little frustrating.
I think the course is very good. I believe that it could be improved if the videos could reflect a more realistic approach on how to get to certain sites and how to download programs. Even though the students get the final result, in some cases it is frustrating and time consuming to determine if what we are doing is correct. In general, I am very satisfied with the course.
This course is about nuts and bolts of R software, Rstudio interface, Git and Github with a brief inroduction to version control and other prerequisite of building a data science project. The only downside of the course is it uses automated videos which is a bit mechanical sounding.Though it is my personal opinion but that's the the cause of a missing star in my review.
All of the course content is excellent however there are issues with the peer review system. The final project is peer reviewed by only 2 people (per submission) so the mark has a very high amount of variance and so is essentially luck based, which means you have to submit many times until you get a pass mark on it. Other than this there are no problems with the course.
It's all fine and well to just learn and do things by watching youTube and reading internet websites. But your learning needs some structure, because at the beginning of the process, you don't know what is important and what is not !  I found the course good at helping give me an oversight to the subject, and getting me up and going with the software components  needed.
I believe an updated version would be beneficial, as some R packages have now somewhat different functionalities. Furthermore, I would have liked a bit more instructions into how to create a markdown file. Otherwise fairly easy course; not sure what to expect for the rest of the specialization then, although I've read very positive results. Therefore, I will continue.
The material is good, the subject is interesting, the slides are ok, but the audio is suboptimal. In addition, there could be slightly more interaction (I mean the lecturer recording videos with him doing things at git bash, for example). This course is a simple and good preparation for the further courses on the Johns Hopkins Univerity Data Science track at Coursera.
Really great content, but not a fan of automated videos (as of now). If booking a recording hall is a hassle, a background human voice with slides will be a much better option. If I were to complete a course just by reading study material, I could have chosen a Book instead of a MOOC.Keeping this issue aside, Overall great content for getting started in Data Science.
This is a good introduction to the tools necessary for Data Science. The lectures are comprehensive. Nevertheless, I view online tutorials for Git and GitHub as well as Dr. Leeks book The Elements of Data Analytic Style as being important supplements to the lectures to clarify and amplify the points that Dr. Leek is developing and attempting to impart to the student.
Video-classes are presented by software voices (with an alternative of using only the text/slides provided by developers), which is a little bit annoying and distances the student from a motivating experience of having an actual professor, an example/model figure to be pursued. The content of the course is complete and well explained by the provided material though.
Course content was too great but that robotic voice i know its still in development but that voice always irritated me and made me distracted .Sometimes i got errors even though i followed the course content exactly the same way  you did but it is good to correct the errors on myself.Thank you for this awesome course but i hope you come up with a good robotic voice
I appreciated a lot the program regarding the toolbox, many good references and links are included.I found a little vague the definition of P-value. I can understand that this was included inside an introductory section, however the criticality of this definition shouldn't be neglected. (I posted a specific comment in the forum of week 4)Thank youAlessandro Vasta
A good but brief introduction to a number of useful skills.  I learned a lot in a short amount of time but I still have a long way to go.  I was somewhat disappointed in the lack of communication with a TA or instructor.  The message boards were desolate and could not support any kind of a robust discussion of the conceptual issues involved with data science.
The instructors are great, but I think the content of this course should be embbeded in other module. Despiting being important, the topics covered here are very introductory. I recognizes, though, they are important to align expectation and to put everyone in a minimum ground of knowledge. However, I am not sure if Coursera should charge US$ 29,00 for it.
It's a good course, but it might be a little too introductory for someone who already has some familiarity with programming (although I hadn't used R, I had other experience with a similar language). So for me, I completed this course much more quickly than I anticipated and was really just very eager to move on to the other courses in the specialization.
This should give you a feel of data analytics and help you decide if  you should proceed with the entire suite of classes. The course itself is not enough. It needs supporting materials and more practice sessions depending on your experience level with computer science. I enjoyed it and recommend it for people with no background in computer science.
The lectures are meticulously built for learning perspective. But it would be have been more great if it can be delivered by some faculty in this field. Then i could  have understood better. Moreover some real time problem should be given to us so that we can analyze the data and get an experience of how this this course is helping us practically.
A limited introduction to R Studio, Github and R Markdown.  The "do it all on your own" model of this class worked better than I expected it to.  I only had a few points where I thought "There's a defect in this quiz" or "those instructions aren't quite right".  How to maintain the quality as it is steadily updated is probably quite a challenge.
This course was a great intro to these concepts and helpful guide to getting things set up and getting used to the MOOC format, as well! A few times it seemed like the slides jumped right in while skipping over a bit of context, but was able to orient myself with some googling and asking friends some basic questions to figure things out.
Overall, wonderful course - but I would request that you change the signature name on the certificate from "John Doe" to a real professor's name. Having John Doe on the certificate makes it feel inane - I would never show this to somebody with whom I was applying for a job, for example. Other than that, loved the course. No issues.
Great course. The only gripe I have with it, is that sometimes the same question is asked during the tests after each module. Also, I got a lower grade because only 2 people graded my work and 1 made an error. I did get half of the points as they averaged, but still. This however is with Coursera I imagine. Definitely recommended!
If i could redo this course, I would have taken it simultaneously with the introduction to R course. On it's own it feels like a grab bag of information and it felt like I was delaying getting into the meat of things. That said, the information itself is very important and I found myself referring back to the lecture notes often.
Good introduction to basics. A few improvements are warranted:Lessons could be reordered in a more logical progression, particularly when it comes to Git.Gitbash is not easy or intuitive. A more structured approach (e.g. with cheat sheets, command glossaries, structure diagrams, debugging algorithms etc) would help assimilate it.
The course is excelent for people who don't know anything about R, Rstudio, RmarkDown, Git, GiHub and other tools. However, for people who already know a little bit of those technologies, they will find it a little repetitive. Anyhow, the classes are awesome for you to get to learn to use those tools. Congratulations to the team.
Automated lecture are made using difficult english to understand, it feels like that robot keeps speaking continously without a stop and also the presentations in the videos makes me feel sleepy, if you use facecam that would be better for the learners but not for you i understand that. This course is little far from perfection.
The content was clear and easy the first three weeks. But  it was confused to me at 4h week and for the final presentation it was a lack of clear instructions, I was so sad because I had many troubles at the moment of commit, push and fork a file, I had to find external help and I thought I couldn't finish succesful the course
Excellent Course, very simple to understand and concisius. If you wish to learn data science and you dont have any idea about it this this is your course. Only the part of Git I wouldl like to be more explicit, because in one part there is not very clear how we have to create a text file with extension .md using Github. Thanks
Course was pretty good but the later lecture videos go really fast and are hard to keep up with.  The main problem I had was when it covered R markdown it made no mention of having a LaTex program to create the pdf, I had to spend some time figuring out how to install and get one working in order to knit the markdown file.
What needs to be made clearer is the need to go looking around the internet for help on the Git to Github work.  I can see that one taking some time for students to work thru.  On the other hand once students go throw the trouble of doing the research and working with the code/commands a strange thing happens - learning!!
Expectations for simply meeting the baseline learning objectives or to outpoint it aren't exactly clear and there are two monitor strings that are far from being clear (15 minute guide on xyz).Content and evaluations match in requirements. I learned a lot about softwares and databases in with which I can learn and work.
A high level view but very helpful for someone starting their Data Science journey. Good overall coverage of basics that helps in building a gradual understanding of the subject. The only reason i haven't rated 5 stars is because there were lot of errors that i came across in the automated diction that need correction.
Organization of course was good. Sometimes, I felt that speed of the lecture is fast and I had to reduce the speed to 0.75% to understand important concepts. Improvements can be made in the transalation of text by robot, 'e-g' was being translated to EG instead of for example. Overall the content of the course was good
A brief introduction and overview of data science and the specialization from JHU. It provides necessary information and materials for the following courses, but itself does not cover much technique details. Won't take long to accomplish but still necessary if you don't know Git, Github or background of data science.
very basic when you have at least some science background in terms of a Bachelor + almost Master Sc. degree, but good for repetition, Git Bash and Github was completely new to me, at the moment I am not 100% sure for what Github and Git Bash are useful, but I am sure I will figure it out in the upcoming courses :)
It was good and it helped me to explore github,git,R and Rstudio. The peer assignment was quite good as it was my first peer assignment..But,only thing is that instead of this format(using AI),U can use on-person teaching which will be good and interactive..I felt sleepy with the crampy female robotic voice
Found that the automated lecture didn’t deliver the message as well as a traditional lecture. There was awkward delivery in terms of speech and phrasing from the automated lecture and I found it distracting. But the material was great and I feel prepared to start the rest of the data science specialization
The course overall has been helpful in getting started with R and data science as a method of analysis. But the robot voice is extremely difficult to listen to. To the point where I am drifting off because it is so monotone, and sometimes not interpreting the content correctly due to a weird pronunciation.
The course is pretty interesting, but there is not much substantive knowledge here. For that you must keep going to the other courses of the Specialization such as R Programming and the others. There you are going to learn data science in practice. Nevertheless, this is a good introduction to the topic.
Good course, that brings goos insights on the basics about data science.The lectures about Git and GitHub are not so clear - maybe this classes would better fit when the class already have a more advanced knowldge on the course's theme.Thank you for the quality of the lessons and to make it available.
A good place to start of your entry to Data Science. You get to know what data science is, what are the tools used and get an idea of what can be done and cannot be done. The course even walks you through installation of r, rstudio, and git. It introduces version control system using Github too.
I really wish there were a few videos with real people in them. That computer voice is annoying, but the material was covered thoroughly, and I used the text option which actually was great. I also think it would benefit students if there was a book or some form of notes they could download.
A Good introduction to data analysis theory and tutorials on getting started with Rstudio and git installation and initial usage techniques. Consecutive course to compliment this would be R programming and Data cleansing and exploratory analysis as in John Hopkins Data Science Specialization
Very good stuff relating to Data scientist's entrance in the Data Science field but it should be more descriptive in terms of basic tools and softwares like git and github. Although the stuff is available over the internet but when you listen & see, you get more and more efficiently. Thanks,
It was a little to easy and the quizzes were not really necessary. Questions like "What courses are in the Data-Science Specialization?" don't help to controll my learning progress. However for a first, introducing course it was okay. R Programming is way more interesting and challenging <3
Didnt enjoy the voice on the automated videos, but was faster at reading than watching videos. The document didnt work for the Big data Section and had to watch the video for this. Good introduction and wished I had more questions to practice! Looking forward to R Programming section next"
It's a good start point for people who wants to start pursuing a data science career and haven't a statistical background. Explain the basic definitions of research analysis types and shows the very beginning of handful tools like how a git repository  works and good editors for R scripts.
The course is very basic but still contains useful information both on data science and some of the tools.Unfortunately, because of how basic it is, I found the quizes focusing on trivial and subjective questions that are both hard to answer and not really testing any interesting skills.
The tools needed are all explained well, including installation.  Still getting used to the new Amazon Polly format.  A few questions in quizzes seem to not align with updated material, but that could just be an intentional push to be resourceful.  Looking forward to the next course.
Overall a really nice course for looking into Data Science.  I would've liked more on the general field of what is data science and what kinds of problems you might solve, etc.  But the lectures were good and the timing was very manageable for working professionals to do.  Thank you!
I found this course to have very useful material and good, clear explanations. My only criticism is that the last of the four weeks has practically no content. There are no lectures and the only assignment is grading the assignments of other students, which at most takes 20 minutes.
The part on how GitHub works (Including the Git Bash) section could be further discussed for a better understanding of how to use the platform. Overall it's a good course! well structure. just that content could be more detailed so that it will be a even more meaningful course :)
Great learning on the basics of Data Science and it's importance in real-world applications. Help to get started with introduction to Python, R Language, Git!Lectures could perhaps be more engaging and have more visual appeals (instead of having just lots of words on most slides)
This course is good to get all your programs set up before you start your studies in Data Science.I think it could offer a little bit deeper knowledge of git and github in order to guarantee it will not be a problem later, since they will not be strictly related to data science.
The course content is very useful, but explanations are short and It's unclear how to install R studio for the Windows (I found it at Youtube). Also I had a problem how to install the R packages, and solution was simple: you should run it as administrator (it wasn't in lecture).
This course is the beginner course , in which you will learn about the basics and get to know the tools you need to develop your career in DATA SCIENCE field. This was the optimal course to get you familiar with what basically is data science. You only need a question ..... :)
I felt like I was able to keep up with the course material fairly well. My only critique would be when it comes to using git, the commands aren't very intuitive to me. Maybe explaining the commands a bit more would be more helpful, i.e. what the commands are telling git to do.
Very nice introduction! Unlike a lot of online courses, this course is no fluff or jargon. It is solid stuff with hands on experience. I only wished this course was longer. After completing the 10-week Machine Learning course by Andrew Ng, this course felt a bit too short. :-)
Very basic. A few tweaks are needed in the last quiz's questions - the one pertaining creation of a .md vs. a .rmd file, and how to make sure the "## " prefix is properly given. (There should be a space after, and graders need to look at the raw file, not the presented view.)
An interesting introduction to data science, Git and GitHub. Hope GitHub is explained in a little more detail. Quite a few people found a couple of problems with the final project. The community is great and there are people who will help. Looking forward to the next course!
The course is great but there are some serious glitches happening in the Coursera platform that desperately need attention.  I just went from showing that I did not pass the peer review section and in the next second was greeted by a big green Course Completion Certificate.
This course is a great introduction to what data science essentially is and all the necessary tools required to start your analysis. However, it would be great if the examples used in the videos were explained a bit more in context rather than being stated plainly. Thanks!
A little unclear about the process for using Git & Github. The common functions/code are thought, but I believe a demo or a video review for the last assignment should be shared. Other things in the course provide a good introductory insights to the world of Data Science.
It is a really nice course if you plan to complete all the 10 courses in the Data Science Specialization track.  As a standalone, It is not that great a course as it basically introduces you to different things and you need to do other courses to actually learn something.
This is an excellent basic course.  The main problem I had was understanding the computer voice at times. There is also a quiz question or two that refer to commands in Studio that are not up to date, but only a couple that I found.  All in all, it's an excellent course.
Great intro to Data Science Specialization. Hoping to complete the other courses as well. Dispels my myth about Data Science is all geeky stuff. Looking forward to bust more myths.  This course is light, broad and introductory. 4 weeks is a sweet spot. Keeps you engaged.
Not much to learn, I would have liked a more thorough introduction to data science's principles. Yet, everything is really presented step by step to make sure that all participants install correctly all tools needed for the further classes included in the specialization.
This course is perfect to get an introduction to R and RStudio and the Github. It's easy to follow and pretty fast to complete. Probably the best thing you take home from this is to have a nice setup for the following courses where you can use the tools presented here.
Although I understand that Data Science involves a lot of self-oriented research, more resources and recommendations for learning git basics would be appreciated. Perhaps some practical exercises before the final assignment would've ensured a better learning process.
It is a good start to data science, you don't need a background in programming. The course is aimed at 1) helping you set up R, RStudio,git and conect it to GitHub and understand it's basic functionality and 2) getting a basic understanding of what data science is.
The track consists of 9 courses that each last about 4 weeks which are released in batches of 3 courses each month. This course introduces the very basics of R and R studio, Git and Github and a few otherthings that will be used in the data science specialization.
A little daunting at first but the instruction is simple and the ability to search video transcripts for tidbits basically saves me the step of taking notes. Some of the navigation was difficult in the forum, but I ended up figuring it out and posting something.
Good starter content, data science background and overview of tools.  Could provide more lecture time on the tools (RStudio, Git/Bash).  The course is labeled for beginners, but I can see where someone without much experience could really get intimidated by
Well structured and nicely organized. Content is great and lays the ground rules for start of statistics using R.Minus one start only because there's no instructor teaching the course. I would've preferred a real human voice rather than an automated voice.
The videos might not seem a lot at first view, but they contain links to some of the most useful material out there. The mentors on discussion boards are immensely helpful as well. For the uninitiated in data sciences, this is a great module to begin with.
Good pace for the first  course.   A little more guidance on Git command flow would be help.  However, the available Help documentation on Github did the trick.  The problem was having to work primarily in the command line which provides limited feedback.
Well done, but very basic. Only do it if you are really completely new to the subject. The audio part is entirely done using automatic text reading. Very well done compared to other similar tools, but still the experience is not the same as with a human
Videos are already sort of "old". Having Macbook i had significant problems with pushing files to GitHub repo, nevertheless I was doing everything said in the videos. I could do that after using some other functions that were not mentioned in the video.
It was straight forward. However, there were some difficulties installing RStudio using the latest version. I had to go the previous one .e.g. Latest was 3.5 I used 3.4 matching RTools.  Other than that very straight fwd, including Github (basic) usage
A good course with clear instruction that gives you a basic review of using data and installing R and related programs. Occasionally necessary steps in R are omitted and one has to do some googling. Not a fatal flaw, but frustrating for a beginner.
It felt a bit like a RPG tutorial where your big accomplishment is learning how to run or crouch, but I guess it makes sense for it to be part of the Specialization track. I would recommend it as part of a series, more than as a standalone course.
Great introduction to the different tools that a data scientist will encounter and use, including RStudio, Git, and GitHub. I would have appreciated more practical experience linking Git and GitHub, as that is critical for version control of code.
I liked the course. I think that at times it is not clear and at others it is wordy. I gave 4 stars mainly because the course menu promises subtitles in Portuguese and in more than 60% of the videos there are only subtitles in Korean and English.
I had some issues in following all the steps that are shown in the lessons. I think the demos skip important steps. But, on the other hand, it forces to search and look for solutions to these issues on the web. Overall: good introductory course!
It's a good course, you're not going in-depth but this is just an introductory course for the Data Science master and the tools you will use. You will learn the basics of Git and get acquainted with R and is thus somewhat essential for starters.
Reviews or Test should rely more heavily on the instruction that goes into detail on a topic matter and questions that were asked on quizes.  For example, the datasharing question was worth 2 points, when that topic was only cover very briefly.
Although I found the course material in general clear and well-explained, I found the lecture on 'Basic Git Commands' poorly explained and sometimes poorly audible as well. For a non-native speaker of the English language it was hard to follow.
This is a good course for someone who is not familiar with the basics of Git,Github and needs to install R,Rstudio and related packages. If you are not the kind of person described above you will be able to breeze through the course very fast.
The course is very fluent and attractive. You may run into some questions while following the course which you can easily find the answer to by googling it. As a beginner in both Data Science and programming, I'm very happy with this course.
The lectures  were good.After all it's robot orienting converstaion it has lot of pace in speech I think that is not good for me.Because It was little bit hard to grasp the message.The pace is only the concerned.Overall lectures were good.
There are some typographical errors in the quizzes and the english subtitles. Not really a big deal. The Week 2 about GitBash made me a little confused because the video about loading git bash happened before the video about installing it.
I am giving the course 4 stars because it is online. should it be practical, then it would have earned 5 stars. Some of the concepts were unclear especially "Experimental Designs". Hope there will be more practical examples to work with.
I don't feel as though the 16 minute video on command lines was efficient. I spent a gross amount of time (over 3 hours) on youtube for supplemental instruction just to complete the final project. Otherwise, this course was sufficient.
A very good course for beginner to start off with. This course really helps setup the fundamental toolkit to create a efficient workflow. The git/github version control linking with R/Rstudio is the best thing I got from this caourse.
Excelent course. The schedule was basic however have approached a thematic complex and important.The time to complete the tasks week was great.But I felt need to learn more about git and github. I don't know if it was on follow weeks.
Easy to follow. Might be too easy for some people with experience in data analysis. However, the instructors also talk about some frameworks and insights from their experience which could be helpful for even those who have experience.
Very good composed, explains in a very good manner the complex topic, a general overview about the tools and their connection to each other would be great and helping, as there are many tools to install and understand the functions.
A very good course to learn the different applications needed to start data science. Lectures and examples  are easy to understand. Highly recommended to those who would like to know and start a career in the data science field.
The course itself only introduces the main aspects and helps with installation of the tools, while no actual programming is taught. But it is useful for having better understanding of the following courses in the specialization.
Informative course which provides new information in chunks to make it accessible for all. Varied resources to aid all types of learners and regular assessments are helpful in understanding the learning objectives of each week.
Super friendly to new beginners with clear definitions and easy-following learning path. Although a bit of slow for me. I'd recommend anyone without programming background to launch their study in data science with this course.
A nicely designed introductory course of the specialization. Doesn't' have any sufficient value as a standalone course, still, has crucial importance for the thorough and successful study of other courses in the specialization
It is a nice course. From my point of view it would be great if it
included more advanced content but I understand that it is an introductory
course so it is ok. In that sense it is great for people that is new to
this topic.
It's indisputable that topics in this course are so important to build a foundation for being a data scientist. The only problem I've faced is that the lessons are much slight. It should have given more details about topics.
Very easy to understand program, step by step helps a lot and the videos are actually very informative and helpful. I had a few problems with downloading and integrating Github into my Rstudio but it was easy to figure out.
got a general view of tools that data scientists need to know about or master. really useful and inspiring. this course encourages me to figure out problems I might meet during data analyzing like a data scientist. cheers.
it was hard to find to rewatch to git tutorials, as it was very fractured. Also, hated watching MAC tutorials to get all the vids done. Otherwise useful and well prepared material, looking forward for the rest of the spec.
My first online course and it could not have been any better. Gives me the confidence that I can learn online and add to my knowledge new things. Course material was explained in simple terms which is not the case always.
Good course to get you started on the Data Science Specialization from Johns Hopkins University. Maybe it could have had more weeks or more content, or at least more complicated exercises, but overall it's ok to start.
I think the submission for the markdown file should be allowed to be EITHER an .md file OR an .Rmd file. Seems kind of silly to lose credit for pushing a .Rmd file directly from RStudio rather than saving a text file.
It was a fine overview.  I think the suggested text was also okay, but for a $10 suggested price, I would say that there should either be a reading assignment or it should be made more clear that the text is optional.
I wish I could listen to the professors' actual voices, because doing so in a more natural way would help me avoid tuning out from the lessons from time to time. But I fully understand why they are doing it this way.
OK introductory course to the tools used by data scientists, however it's a bit odd this is a standalone course; IMO the course content isn't enough and should be combined with the next course in this specialization.
The class definitely eased a new learner who is unfamiliar with the concepts and skills.  There are areas in this class that seemed outdated an made the class a bit confusing.  Hopefully, those can be update in time.
This introductory course is a good overview, goes pretty quickly through the basics, and gets you prepped for delving deeper in the subject matter. Planning to sign up for the next course in this certificate program.
This course was fantastic, I just wish that there was more interactive work within the lesson's versus only in the final project. I believe that would help the material set in faster and better. Overall good course.
The content of the course was well-structured and useful. But unfortunately I could not use the videos very well. The robot voice was so annoying. I think the human voice is more soulful, pleasant and encouraging.
It was very exciting taking this class because i learnt about the conceptual ideas of data scince wich was my goal and the fact that i started using some data science tools also helped in understanding the issue
I think it's a great course, but because it's the course on tools for a data scientist, it would be a more effective approach if it contained more information about many other tools used by those professionals.
Good introductory course. Learnt a more structured approach to categorising statistical methods. Much of the rest of the content was a bit basic, though probably useful to fill in any knowledge gaps pre-course.
This was a very good overview of what a data scientist needs. The information was presented clearly and it was very helpful to do projects along with the seminars to start learning R, R Studio, and R Markdown.
Author was speaking to quickly, its was every difficult to understand for me as non-native English speakers. An other thing that i notice is that the error message was completely misleading. Should be improved
It is very clear and useful course. It holds one hand to go sure through the contents. Anyway, I would suggest to end at certain point doing something simple in R, to give an end to this chapter in this story.
I felt something in detail was required for GitHub and RStudio. There were repetitive questions asked. Those can be removed and only one question should be asked with repeating it in any of the questionnaire.
Simple and easy, but also essential information. This was a great course for beginners using R, R Studio, Git, GitHub, and for anyone who wants an introduction to data science, programming, and data analysis.
This course gave me a great headstart to step into the field of data science with more confidence. The lectures are very well created, scripted, and delivered using the Amazon Poly.Overall a great experience.
Very good pace, sequencing, and mix of lecture and practice. Only suggestion is a bit more time on the "Add", "Commit", which appears to be a very core element of file handling/version management with GitHub.
I used 7 days free trail first and then purchased it, then I found almost all the videos and works in free trail version are different from purchased version,  can't understand why the institution did that.
The first week's quiz is really difficult and I had to go through the lecture material several times. Because of the great number of very short lectures it is difficult to find an asnwer to sought question.
The content in the course is very helpful as an introduction to Data Science. There is no enough material to 4-week study. I finished the course in 3 days at a regular pace. Robotic voice is a bit annoying
There were lectures about how to install R and RStudio on Mac and Windows. And the quiz asked about information on these lectures. You must pay attention to them even if you have previously installed them.
Seems like the lessons are using an older version of R. BioConductor repo packages instructions need updating. Otherwise, this course gives a good intro to Data Science and how to use RStudio with GitHub.
This course gives you a nice overview of the very first steps in dealing with your data. It explains very well how to use GitHub and RStudio.The mini-quizzes (3 questions) are a bit useless in my opinion.
Course was Excellent . I have learnt many things from this course which will be very helpful in future .My suggestions will be -framing of questions should be more exact.,so learner  will not be confuse.
The course is in fact an overall intro to the full data science specialization. Some of the content are useful; but some of the quiz questions are not very informative, and don't really test on stats...
It would be nice to have the R Studio and GitHub training with more guidance and proper syntax and coding for both and I would prefer it after the R programming course. Otherwise, good content overall.
Yeah, the robot voice is annoying.  There needs to be better instruction on getting R Markdown to work.  I tried in vain and gave up on it after looking at multiple forums with my same issue.  Oh well.
It's a beginning to a host of different courses that are to be followed after this. It makes up a for a good platform to start off the work on R and how to use version control feature of R via GitHub.
It would be better if we can attempt the assignments even if we are not enrolled to the course. It would really help us to evaluate ourselves about the extent to which we have understood the concepts.
A good basic class and collection of the tools. I wish there had been a little more explanation of what we would use the software for, but I found the lecture parts to be both concise and informative.
Very clear and concise and is very easy to follow for those who aren't very experienced with setting up a dev environment or git. A little on the easy side but I'm sure more challenges are to follow!
Consistent yet very basic course. I would only recommend this course if you are willing to complete the whole Data Science specialization or if you have troubles with the basic functioning of GitHub.
It's a very introductory course and in a sense I don't feel like I learnt something useful, except the part that shows how to install all the tools that are needed for the rest of the Specialization.
This course is very educative and easy to follow by anyone regardless of their previous knowledge in Data Science. I recommend this course to anyone who want to learn r programming and data science.
It is possible to learn how to set-up your computer to use R and Rstudio. It gives an overview about Git and Github.  The only deficiency ,in my opinion, is the lack of linux explanation in set-ups.
It would be helpful for absolute beginners who even have difficulty in installing programs like R and GitHub but otherwise it felt a bit too basic although informative with some of the Git commands
Most of the instructions were very clear. Image quality for pushing files to Github via command lines was poor, so it was difficult to follow along. Not sure why there were 2 Git bash counsels open
it's well done, i was expecting more details in the lessons while students it's requested to search many things on internet in order to learn, for instance GitBash. However it's a good first course
Having to skip through all the Mac videos is annoying. Just make an option at the beginning if you're working on mac or pc or both so i don't have to deal with skipping some videos and not others.
This course seemed a little to basic. I know it gets much harder going forward (as I've already started on the next course), but I feel like more knowledge could have been packed into this course.
Some of the course material seems a little out of order, and some things I went externally to figure out, but overall I think that it is a great class for someone looking to get into data science.
Great course to know these tools. Need more explanation with the videos and more interactive assignments to understand better. Also, language change is one thing that needs to acquire eventually.
Additional exercises on setup and use of git would have been helpful, particularly with the local and remote synchronization.  You may want to phone-a-friend on git if you need to use it daily...
Well basically tutors only providing slides, speech, forums and ebook in this course...rest is self-learning, self-understanding, self-asking... if not, then you'll not pass this course i think..
The course covered the foundations well especially how and what softwares to install etc. I would have given five stars if the course contains covered some extra details about R and datascience.
Fine, but (as the authors admit up front) there is room for improvement in the canned text-to-speech. Does feel kind of impersonal. But I am going to continue with this course of study anyway.
Good starting point for beginners to learn about R. Basic experience with git is a must although it is possible for complete beginners. Will just take more time to do the homework and quizzes.
Nice course as a start... I just felt I need more knowledge in the area of github (the idea of pushing, pulling and forking). But maybe it will be more clear by time as this was just an intro.
I think it will be better if we have not a computer programmed lecturer to give the material because I find it hard to understand what she says and I will prefer more on actual human lecturer
I took the same course 6 years ago and it was a little more challenging. It actually had coding assignments. and not only in R, but in Python and SQL too. That was a more complex "toolbox"...
The course was excellent however the robotic sound of the AI was a challenge. Once I overcame my inhibition to learn from an AI system, I started to like the course and learnt a lot from it.
This course missed some important step, for example, the git push which is not be cleared how to push and does not teach us the git pull as the REANDME.MD is not in the local repo initially.
Should spend a little more time explaining how interaction between Git and Github works. It is not very intuitive and requires revisiting the video as well as google search to understand it.
A very easy course, can be completed in 3-4 days at max. Having done R programming course first, this was a breeze taking a couple days. Good for people starting off with the specialization.
What I like (so far) is that you have to search for information via internet and by practising your knowledge in GIT and GIThub you can discover what you have learned or what should improve.
Some detail of the Quiz and course project were not mentioned in those video courses, it made me have to google  or find out the answer in other ways. But through this, I did learned more .
Good course for beginners to data science world. However some more application questions must be added in each section to acquaint the learners with a thorough knowledge and understanding.
In generall it was a good course, but sometimes the instructions weren't sufficiently clear to me, and I had to figure things on my own which didn't always resulted in a positive outcome.
Good introduction, although the teacher spoke in a very low voice (it was sometimes hard/impossible to catch what he said) and some of the videos could have been a little more exhaustive.
A nice slow intro to Coursera, but not a ton of actual content.  Good to get your feet wet, but skippable if you are familiar with the basics of the toolbox or taking courses on Coursera.
Very simple and easy-going. A good instruction to the very beginner of the data science and programming. If some topics could be discussed in a bit more details, I would more appreciate.
The Data Scientist's Toolbox is a good introduction into Data Science specialization and gives a glimpse of what can be expected from the other modules. Looking forward to other modules.
It is unfortunate that I was only able to audit this course and not take it for free without the Coursera certificate, as it is currently not possible for me to pay for the whole course.
Good basic and well structured. What could have been better is the assignment and evaluation criteria. Possibly having result based evaluation would be better. Overall enjoyed learning.
greet efforts to learn us about Data Scientist's Toolbox, thank you very muchjust one comment, it's about the instructor talking speed .. it was too fast and was not easy to keep focus.
A gentle start to the 10-course data science specialization. Would not recommend taking the course just by itself. If you're planning on the specialization, it's a great way to easy in.
This is a good introduction the tools, however I had some issues with Git Bash and Git Hub, which was nor really answered in the lectures, could update the lectures with a live example
The final assignment was really helpful in implementing what we learnt through the course. Some more details on the integration between Remote & Local folders would have been helpful.
Havegreatexpectationfortherestofthecurriculum.Visual presentations could be substantially improved, including the audio volume. But in general, great start down the Data Science path!
This is just a basic overview into the world of data science. I would recommend only to the students just starting out in this field. Still, is a good course starting out. Have fun !!
Thanks to Johns Hopkins University for this helpfull course. It helped me a lot to understand the fondamentals of what data science is and the bueatiful tools used by data scientists.
All excellent and a very good introduction. I wish I was able to get my quiz graded without having to pay just to see if I was learning. For the rest, I recommended for a great intro.
This course describes the overview and useful tools for doing data science with less details. The material only prepare you for taking the other courses in the specialization track.
Overall the course is very good and well paced, but I believe it could be a bit more clear in the git and github lessons on how to push from your local repository to your remote one
Not bad to start off with! It teaches installation of all the required things for starting off R (e.g. RStudio, GitHub), and gives a basic understanding of experimental design too.
Great course. But sometimes it's a little bit difficult to follow, because the instructor just listed those Git commands without actually demonstrating how to use Git step by step.
I was already familiar with the stuff taught for the most part. I think they should do more tutorials on how to install and do things though for those not experiecned enough in it.
Good introductory course pointing to background reading materials and providing context for following courses as well as supporting the installation of the required software tools.
Seemed simple, but had to figure out some things that weren't explicit in the videos for the exams. Helped in my learning, but frustrating for a very pure beginner in programming.
Professors could extend the videos by more examples and illustration for deeper understandings of the students. The tests could cover more items and deeper contents of the course.
A little more could've been explained about Github, overall the course was highly comprehensive with regular quizzes and assignments helping me to identify my mistakes and on them
I would like this  course to be longer. To have more practices and to have at least one lab with data for running some simple functions. Other than that I think is a good course.
Practical to do if you are continuing with specialization. Ensures all students have the correct setup, which is important. I'm not sure how useful it would be on its own though.
Gives a great foundational overview of what Data Science is, as well as getting your technical environment set up for the future classes in the Data Science Specialization path.
A great course content by using machine to teach you. However it is little fast and few things got unclear. Especially Rstudio and Gitbash. Need to study it from other sources.
I have expected that this course would have given me the basics needed for my data science specialization I strongly recommend a new optional course which gives all the basics.
Very good introduction to Data Science and I found it highly  useful and insightful.The main issue I faced is that problem statements are not always clear for programming tasks
Good introductory course, but could offer a bit more of a challenge, with actual (basic) problems. Learned about R, although not programming, and more about GitBash and GitHub.
It's fairly good! Concise intro to DS. However, you will need to spend more time in CLI and GitHub by looking for information in the forum or googling step by step procedures.
I was able to set all the programs up that I will need to program in R, but I still feel like I don't really know the basic overview of what I will be doing in this specialty.
Useful introduction to the world. Could have been a bit longer and gone into more detail about a variety of other factors is my only comment, but overall pretty happy with it.
This is a fantastic course, being a person who already works with loads of data I can surely stand by the statement that "This is a fantastic base line to all your data needs"
Could provide live demo of creating markdown file & pushing into the remote repository.Overall the learning was awesome. Was a good guide to go forward to subsequent courses.
Straightforward (although I am already familiar with markdown and git, so that helps). Lots of good groundwork here though, setting the scene for the next round of material
Coursera has changed the way of learning,Yes anyone can learn anything and everything at the comfort of their own time and place......Thanks Team COURSERA....Keep Going....
It's a good introduction to data science.  However, without prior knowledge of statistics, programming, and research methods the course would be fairly difficult to follow.
the robotic voice got a bit annoying towards the end of the course, but overall i like the course and found it informative, cant wait to continue with the specialization .
This course is fairly rudimentary, but it does a really nice job of getting you all set up with the tools you'll need to tackle the rest of the Data Science specialization
The part where GitHub, Git and R are connected was very interesting. However, as a fairly experienced R user and scientist, I wish I could have skipped some of the parts.
I found this course to be quite useful, albeit introductory. I kind of was hoping for more material. Nevertheless, for a beginner, I believe it is completely appropiate.
Good start for the  beginners especially for people  new to the data science. Topic are not covered in depth but as its just a introductory course so its totally fine..
Well explained, step by step instructions on how to install and use the toolsPotential to improve: use more visuals in de instructions (many times now it is only text)
Provides a good overview of what will be learned in the Data Science specialization. Good introduction to the software tools required and how to set them up correctly.
Basic tools for shareing and develop that right now I don´t consider usefull. In the other hand, the content is well explained so right now I new how to use new tools.
I think it did give a bit of an overview but I expected a little more stuff on actual Data Science and not on how the course actually works...But good start.Thank you
Good for getting started, installing the necessary software.  Wish github commands and markdown were explained a bit more, but that is likely done in a later course.
A nice survey that you can complete over a weekend if you do it in a concentrated dose. It really is just an introduction, though, and it only scratches the surface.
Started out a bit slow with material that I felt was somewhat extraneous, but then got to the good part (hard part?) of installing R and getting it working with GIT.
This course is good if you have zero background in R and using GitHub. It'll walk you through installing what's necessary and give you basic tips on how to use them.
i am little weak at understanding things when taught for the first time. so understanding  and learning about toolbox was little difficult due to the computer voice
It was fine, very technical in detail, but it was useful to learn about Rmarkdown.I guess it is training from professionals how need linking to github and the like.
Very basic course to just install required tools, so if you're familiar with github and terminal, there's no much sense in it, and you can finish it in couple hours
Gentle introduction to the basics. Delivered on the premise of the course. I would have appreciated more examples and practice questions to drive home the concepts.
Great course however it was not what I was looking for. I am interested in the business management area of data science. This course seems geared towards academics.
Short course that provides the foundation for the rest of the specialization. Helpful even for students who already have some experience with R and/or data science.
The course is well written but the videos are quite monotonous. Assignments are really well.  Overall a good experience. Moving towards the next course. Thank you.
Good introduction course! Really comprehensive -- which is really great, but parts of it can be too advanced so there are times when it's kind of hard to catch up!
The lessons were very informative and well organized.  I only wish the audio were louder for some of the videos from Jeff Leek.  Other than that, excellent course.
The topic covered in "Data Science toolbox"  section covers the basics of data science, Installation of R. RStudio and Git. It is nicely done and easy to follow.
I had prior limited knowledge of R and 'old' use of Git/Hub but this course offered a fast-track to refresh those skills in preparation for subsequent R courses.
The course was very helpful and instructions were concise and easy to understand. Great for those fumbling around to scour the net for which tools to start with.
A very good introductory course, However it requires a lot of personal research and reading to master the area, I believe more video excercises would be useful.
I was very excited about this course, learned a lot. But, it became boring in the middle. Although, it was good considering the reading materials to back me up
It's a little bit boring, since you have to study a lot of toolbox without seeing them in actions for a few days.  Best to watch at faster speed x1.25 at least
The tutorial on github was not very clear to me, and the images used during the video and for the reading section were very blurry. Everything else was helpful
A very superficial overview of the main tools used by a data scientist. Recommendation: The course could have more content. The quality of the content is good!
Helps install and set up the necessary software, but does require you to do bit of searching on the web to completely understand certain aspects of the course.
This Course is a great start for the specialization. The course is designed in a very thought manner so as to help a novice understand concepts easily. Thanks!
Nice course, sets you up with the basics for R programming, and sets you up with all the tools. Basic introduction to Git makes it interesting. Overall, great.
Good introduction into basic data science tools and a nice starting point for the data science specialization. Yet, the certificate is a little bit overpriced.
Good insight to the broad subject of R and analytics, only reservation if the video lectures could have been delivered by some person and not automated voice.
The course is well structured, but I still feel that it lacks human touch as the documents are read out by a program. Looking forward to learning new skills.
It was excellent course. I gained new information. I believe it need's hand on practice and base information for beginners who does not have any back ground.
Overall Content was good but I'm actually disappointed by the tone of the videos by some computer voice which actually makes it more difficult to undertsand
Highly recommendable for beginners as you are going to get how to use the tools. I would recommend to go through this course before jumping to R programming
Covers all the basics. But yeah, just the very basics. Leaves a lot more to be learnt. I'm sure the upcoming courses in the specialization would be helpful
It was good - I think I would like a bit more on Github, but it gets covered in other courses. It shall have more material on the coverage of data science.
The introduction was very precise and straight to the core concepts of data science. Please include a slide with the road map of becoming a data scientist.
Its a good basis.  But i think there is a lot of information that is not relevant . Also, the materials of some questions are not mentioned in the videos.
It is good as a start for a beginner, but I do not think it is adequate to be a separate course. Much of the material can be easily addressed in one week.
It's a great course to have very basic introduction of Data Science. In the meanwhile, also teach us how to install the necessary tool for future purpose.
Not the most engaging material, but the course does a good job of covering the fundamentals of R and GitHub and helps you download the necessary software.
Some typos in the slides need correction. Narration can be made more lively. Slides still quite classical in format and may be improved for better impact.
Good overview of Data Science, but geared more towards people who have little background in computer science. Info that *was* presented was very thorough.
Auto-generated voice is a major down-point. Then this is supposed to be a beigner friendly course, but it isnt really looks like that in certain aspects.
It's a really good course for the absolute beginners, but for me it was quite slow. I just took this course because it is the part of the specialization.
There are a lot of info on the video. Would be good to share a copy of the slides for the Git links/instructions so we can use them as a reference later.
This course provide a good introduction to github , Rstudio and command line interface.it also gives a information about different ways to analyse data.
Basic introduction to the tools that will be adopted in the Data Science. I do hope there would be more information regarding Hadoop, Python, SQL, etc.
As it is a very technical to set everything and to start working on it but the mentor have tried to make it easy. For a beginor it can be challenging.
Informative, but course did not provide exact information needed to complete the assignment without additional research (unless that was the purpose).
Although I am vey much satisfied with this course but i felt a little low during the slides for explanation of types of data science .Rest was superb.
Pretty light weight so far, but I certainly understand it's targeted at a broad range of people so the vanilla material is probably a chore for some.
This is a clear introductory course, but the content is not as much as expected. Compared with other coursera course, this one is like one-week pack.
The course is well structured but I still prefer that students new to this must read from other sources as well to completely understand the topics.
Good and easy introductory course. Finished it in about 3 hours total - don't expect this to be the pace for the rest of the specialization, though!
Lots of information. I learned quite a lot. It was a nice and informative introduction to Data Science in all aspects technically and theoretically.
This is a mere course on installing all the necessary tools and setting your environment, so the explanations are short lived and practice is null.
Gives you the basics of how to use R and it's different file sharing platforms, is very useful when completing a project with various contributors
Good overview, I appreciated that the course gets you set up and makes you prove it. More command line and RStudio simple exercises would be nice.
coursers are well explained.some of the topics are not explained .i request you to provide links to study the topics which are briefly explained.
I've just started this course, that's why my rating is 4/5. But I'm very satisfied with the video lecture, and I find it very interesting so far.
Useful couple of modules for helping you get set up with R and Git/GitHub.  Really doesn't require a full month to do.The quizzes were pointless.
It was helpful for the beginners who is willing to learn data science and gained a knowledge about Github and other aspects. Thanks for Coursera
Good course that clearly explains basic R & data science concepts. Workload was very light - didn't get to practice or learn as much as I hoped.
This course is great to start with. It provides overview of what is in the course and how should we as students be prepared to learn the course.
Excellent course.  I found it particularly hard in the first two weeks.  Practical exercises were intense.  Discussion forms really helped out.
Very good in setting up for the next courses. I would like to see more on Git though because I could have definitely understood it a bit better
With my background I found this part of the course rather slow, but I can see why it's necessary for people with less of a software background.
Nice way to teach but more example related to bio medical please add more example like finance and technology and please check out while study
Liked the course and completed all the quizzes and project. But couldn't submit and earn a certificate because I can't afford to pay the fees.
The course is a real beginner's guide to the world of data science and gives a good introduction to some of the tools used by data scientists.
The course was well laid out and covered the basics of definitions as well as setting up R, RStudio, GitHub and showing how to use RMarkdown.
I do understand why they used automated videos in order to keep all the material as updated as possible, however it is a strange experience.
It is a good course to get familiar with the basics, however, I would have liked a little more actual content. Week Four I enjoyed the most.
I liked the course as it helped me to understand the basics of R programming including the installation of R studio and linking it to GitHub
Pretty great introductory course on types of data analysis. I can't wait to see how this builds in the future courses of the specialization.
Nice course for Beginners, No complains regarding course material, however  there is little bit audio issue in some slides as it is bit low.
Great Course!  Overall I would recommend.  Had a little bit of trouble b/c I am using a Mac but after a few Google Searches I was on my way!
Great course! I would recommend compressing the audio on the video presentations so it's easier to hear and more consistent in volume level.
This course is nice kick start for the upcoming courses but the course could have  been even more interactive  . over all nice experience .
This course helps many of us to get started with R and R studio. It also explains about some famous terms in data science and statistics. T
Everything was perfect except the Git and Github part. It was confusing. I ended up not using what it has teached me to pass the final exam
Quiz in final submission related to usage of toolbox Rstudio, like loading new packages will add more value and will help the learners also
Good introduction on Data science specializationi. I highly recommend to all people that would like to know more about this fantastic world
I knew most of the material in this course already, but I thought it was a good introduction to some of the tools that data scientists use.
The automated voice of the lectures is dehumanized. It is less productive and focusing learning from a machine, but the material was good.
I wish the instructors can be more clear with the Git and Github part. I still don't fully understand how to use Github for various tasks.
The course is very nice and provides all that you need to get started on Data Science. Looking forward to the next set of courses. Thanks!
Material is awesome! Clear and simple, with great examples!Questions at the end of the modules are confusing sometimes, could be improve!
Good crash course on setting up all the toolbox necessary for a data scientist. The quiz could be more difficult than it is designed now.
In the course they use some tools' older versions and, for example, some Git commands shown on video are different in newer Git versions.
Informative and helps people like me who are willing to learn from scartch. The course content though can do with a little more updation.
This course is very good for introduction to Data Science toolbox . But there are some typing mistakes in the subtitles in some videos .
This was a very professionally done course.  It is *very* introductory, which is either good or bad, depending on how you feel about it.
it introduces the basic tools that are frequently used in data science. However, it is rather baisc and the course did not go in depth.
I didn't like the computerized voice.  The computer spoke a bit too fast and mispronounced some words.  Certain sections went too fast.
Overall the course is very good. However, I feel that a little more on statistics foundation would have added more value to the course.
The content is very useful for beginners. Moreover, the material is very good, nevertheless the links target in PDFs cannot be reached.
While this course is introductory to a specialization, I believe there is more curriculum that should have been covered in this course.
Helpful set-up course. Not too meaty & definitely didn't take 4 weeks but smart to have everything set up before diggin into the rest.
Good beginner's course to start learning advance topics like R programming, etc. Very useful tools such as Git-hub were taught simply.
Very basic stuff - if you've ever done any coding before & have even a rudimentary knowledge of Git/Github - you can skip this course.
A broad overview of a vast subject. It gives its students a good platform to get started on learning the nitty-gritty of Data Science.
Gives an excellent overview to Data science course and what it take to become a Data scientist. Well organised videos and instructions
Pretty basic (from a software developer perspective) but can see the utility for newcomers to programming and informatics in general!
This is my first data science class. I learned something about the tools, hopefully I will find them useful in the following classes.
Good, but would like a step by step walkthrough for MAC/Windows when setting up the final assignment to ensure everything is correct.
Good Introductory Class, all though I think some of the videos were too fast. Need to provide more explanation on some of the slides.
Nice overview of the conceptual ideas of Data Science and presentation of some practical tools needed to solve problems in the area.
Great Insight to data science. More Professional less theoretical. Little more in-depth in R would make course perfect for beginner.
very quick course just to get your workspace set up; if you are already familiar with github or rstudio, no need to check the videos
On our way to the Data Science certification.  Nicely structured format and presentation of lectures, tasks, supplementary material.
Things got a bit hazy when it came to adding the .md file to our data science repo on GitHub.  Other than that I enjoyed the course.
This is generally speaking a good course. The only problem is that the instructions are sometimes not detailed enough for beginners
A great starting. Perfect for providing a foundation. However, instead of slideshow, a few real-time videos would have been better.
This course has given me a basic knowledge of different tools and statistical techniques that data scientist use to play with data.
An essential introduction to the rest of the specialization program, but not too much information included in the course by itself.
The introduction to Git and GitHub could have been a bit less theoretical and more practical. Overall, a good introductory course.
I hope the content of this course would cover more materials during lecture. But overall, I am very happy with this course so far.
Ideal course to get you started for a data science specialisation. Informs about and helps you install all the required softwares.
Overall, I liked being exposed to Github and GitBash. I felt this course gave me a broad overview of what to expect in the future!
Even though the content was good, but this is more like a 2 week course. I finished it in 4 days spending on average 1 hour daily
If you are completely new to Data Science, then this is very good course to start with. All the basics are explained very nicely.
More number of hours are given than required. Good learning for non IT field people. For people with IT background, its too easy.
A little basic, but necessary to get everything you need set up for the next classes in the series. And it does that well enough.
Good course and it's great that Coursera has designed this course separately.Enjoying the journey of data science with Coursera.
Would have bee nice if it included a bit more "in Git" tutorials, but that is easily figured out when left to one's own devices.
The course provides a good theoretical basis to get into data science and it is also very practical to link github with Rstudio
The introductory course is very helpful. Getting to know the use of Git and GitHub is very appealing and will be of importance.
Excelent, very clear. I only have problems with some changes in the versions of the programs. But fortunately I could solve it.
Great content for beginners, who actually need a start about what data science is all about and where it is used all around us.
Its a good course  those who prefer to study online.It gives a basic knowledge about the data tools which are going to be used.
I enjoyed the course - I wish there were more exercises, but hopefully they'll come in the next courses of this specialization.
It covers some basics, but doesn't go deep into anything. Definitely take the other courses in the specialization to go deeper.
Good courses and necessary for people like me who never have a relation to computer science,,, But it is a waste of money...lol
Very mechanical in nature. Worth doing though as it provides essential building blocks for the remainder of the specialisation.
Very basic information but it does walk you through things quickly and clearly. The final project could use a little proofing.
The course is well structured and it covers various concepts, but I think it could be enhanced with more practical activities.
The course is helpful to understand the basics of data analysis, big data, etc. more focus should be given to assignments in R
This course is a basic conceptual introduction to data science and a glance at RStudio and Github. It is very easy to follow.
Great course! However, the manuscript for module 4 is missing. Please fix as soon as possible to improve quality of lectures.
The content is amazing and easy to understand for the new student. However, the assignment question/instruction is confusing.
This is a short term starter for those willing to indulge in the world of data science. The course is crisp and to the point.
It's too easy for 1 month course. Make it harder and make it shorter. Perhaps combine intro to R programming and this course?
Great course to get you setup - don't expect to learn anything besides getting the correct software and file sharing profile.
Very useful course to start learning data science. Explains things clearly. Some explanations could have been more detailed.
Good overall. It would have been helpful to have more context or examples for the modules on version control and R Markdown.
Great course that allows an introduction into the world of the data scientist.  Some instructional videos could be improved.
Good course.  Short and sweet.  Nice to be able to access future weeks' lessons and finish ahead of schedule if you wish to.
Amazing and very simply going course. Learnt the basics of Rstudio and GitHub in a very simple manner. Thank you organisers
Great introductory. Some of the instructions were a bit vague at times - instructions RE code could have been more precise.
Course is in simplified way. student can easily understand the whole course. Makers made best efforts in making this course
The quiz is mostly so'm'ething about the history or cha'ra'c'te'ristics of R or something else. No much knowledge provided.
Was a great introduction. However, i felt, some of the lectures was very fast and i had to pause it constantly to try out..
Quite a fast course. Material is a lot though and would be quite daunting for someone completely new to this sort of stuff.
I found the way in which John Hopkins present the course, very valuable. Well structured, although the pace is quite fast !
Maybe too easy for some people, but is ok to ensure a minimum level in order to enroll other courses in the specialization.
Well. I don't  think this could be categorized as a course. You can think of it as table of content for the specialization.
good for all those who want to start from scratch, but if you know R programming then it has no use for you except GitHub.
Much of this was review material, but the structure was such that it would be effective for learning as a first-time user.
a brief and yet organized and good resource for review old skills i have learnt and new skills that can acquire from here.
A great  little course for anyone who, like me, is curious to know if data science is something they might want to pursue
I thought it was good until Week three. I found some of the directions on how to download/set up programs very confusing.
Really gets me, so I renew my interest in learning new things, It´s a well implemented course to introduce you to RStudio
It forms the base. The examples should be recent and since its more from Bio stats etc, sometimes gets a bit confusing. .
This is a very good introductory course for all those who are eager learn about Data Science. It gives you good insights.
The course was nice but seemed too trivial at times of discussion about basic tools like git and command line interfaces.
It was really, a helpful intro to the concepts and tools to get someone - especially if new to the field - on the track!
it could be better if there is a true human being teaching instead of a female ai. it seems a little bit indifferent lol
This is a great introductory course and would recommend this to others who are interested in pursuing additional course.
Very good place to start. Tells you just enough to get started and also just enough to get hands dirty to keep learning.
Should be able to optionally select viewing the Mac or Windows installation videos.There are no videos for linux users.
Good overview of the specialization. Probably very good for someone new to R and software development tools in general.
Assignments are useful, background is interesting, but meat of it is nothing you can't get from googling "Data Science"
The really great material were in Week 3. The first 2 weeks are too basic for anyone with at least some IT background.
The content of the course is quite enriching. Besides the robotic voice, I enjoy every bit of the course interaction.
A decent survey of the material, which hopefully follows.  A good but almost too easy class  for such a deep subject.
Course content is good. I was able to get the basic understanding of git and github and also understood how it works.
It helps you to start, so installing software and so on. I recommend you to try applying for financial aid for this.
Slides and videos are a bit insufficient in order to finish course projects.Apart from that, this course is awesome!
Easy introductory course. Good foundational knowledge. First time using R Studio, Rmarkdown, Github. Quite helpful.
While the material is fairly basic, it is still very useful to future courses in the series. A good place to start.
Fine for what it was but really did not need to be its own course. Could have just been tacked on to R Programming.
Great course to launch yourself into the data science world. Content is brief and nicely designed to get you ready.
Good Introductory course to dive into tools and materials for starting our journey on data analytics specialization
I expected more but this is really just basics and this is little bit bored because of the AI was the instructor..
Well structured and easy to follow. Most importantly, the onus is placed on the student to explore and self-learn.
A simple introduction.  Easy to cover very quickly, however important to understand the basics before progressing.
You'll install 'R', 'R Studio'.Will link R Studio with GitHUBWill learn certain steps as introduction.[That's it]
As a beginner, it was very instructive. New concepts introduced built-up on previous ones as the course unfolded.
I think more info about git and other toolboxes would be interesting. It took 1 day to complete the whole course.
I wouldn't really call this a course, rather it's more like an introduction to the very basic tools of the trade.
Very clear introduction for those unfamiliar with R, RStudio, Git, GitHub and the basics of statistical analysis.
Some of the dictation should be changed so that the computer says "for example" instead of "e.g." (For example.)
The course was great.  Wish there was more walk through general assignments to help you hands on with the tools.
Good Intro level course to data science and provides a quick glimpse of the necessary tools used in the industry
Good starter, but could have been Week 1 of a separate class. The entire course took all of 2 hours to complete.
I would have liked if the Course content(course 1) was in more depth, but the overall experience was very good.
This course was kind of helpful. I could've used much more practice with importing data into R and with GitHub.
This is a good intro to programming so far. It feels like I'm building a solid base from which to understand R.
This is wonderful and a great course in which along with data science they thought concepts of Git and Github.
It was very educational, but i feel like this course is only a very big introduction to the next eight courses
Data Scientist's Toolbox course helped me learning basics of Git, R-tools, RStudio installation and basic pac
Sometimes difficult to follow along for actual programing and directions can be vague. Overall, decent intro.
Good introduction, tells you what Data Science actually is. Also teaches you basics of GitHub, R and Rstudio.
Getting things set up is not that exciting, but a necessary part of it. I'm looking forward to learning more.
Perfect for beginners. Not many problems encountered. Forums helped with any issues not covered in material.
Excellent course that provides the necessary tools for those that want to get started into the Data Science.
It gives you the basics concepts of data science. A bit impersonal the lectures but after a while you adapt.
It was good enough but I think you need to be more clear in terms of Git. I still have some doubts about it.
The course introduced us to data science questions and got us to know collaborating with peers using Git Hub
Fine as a general introduction, but not a lot to it.  Good explanations of how to use github and get set up.
A very good intro course but must be priced lesser when compared to the other courses in the specialization.
Great introductory to the data science tool box and its usage and benefits __ data science 0 course really
A good course to set up your software tool kit before you start your dive into Data Science Specialization
This course is perfect for really newbie. However, it also answers the question of "What is Data Science?"
Easy to follow for the most part. A couple of things were outdated so I had to figure them out on my own.
the course omits some important things like how to download MikTex and how to use it  to open an rmd file
Course was good, but would have been nice to have some TA/professor oversight of the discussion forums...
So far so good, Git was a bit difficult to get going but I'm excited to continue with the specialization.
A good course for identifying the field of data science and introducing the computing tools of the trade.
Sometimes beginners MAC's users get a bit lost due to many explanations are only for Windows environment
Straightforward, and I know what to expect for the next few chapters with John H University. Thank you!!
Good introduction to data science, however it should have more details and practical examples about Git.
Super basic introduction.  I liked the last section reviewing data science methods and conceptual ideas.
I think more detail statements are needed on PDF.Because I'm not good at listening, so I studied by PDF.
Extremely informative & interesting, Instructions can be followed with ease. Worth the time and effort.
Structure, content and step by step practice was good. Interface to browse the courses could be better.
Good start, looking to dig in more, as I already have a background in stats data analysis and data viz.
Quite simple. It could be more engaging.When downloading PDF slides, links in them should be clickable.
Good and objective course. Gives the basics about data science and how to get started with R software.
Good course. I felt the Git course went a bit too quickly (and I have experience with Git and Github).
Great cousre for starting in the data science since, it contains the installation and usage of tools .
From the begining of the course thats difficult to catch structure if you are new to the Data science.
More direct examples would be nice.  Kinda like what they do on Data School. Otherwise very well done!
Brief and Excellent! Content great for anyone getting into software development not just Data Analysis
Nice Course. Important to have a general idea about what is necessary and also useful for data science
great intro to stats concepts for data science and the programs. No real coding taught in this though.
Helpful for people with no experience on the subject matter. Very straight forward and easy to follow.
Really good. Just some minor issues with the automated voice and some typos. All in all great though.
Good, simple introduction to the specialization. Accompanying PDF slides would be great if clickable.
Very good introduction. It is a very basic, but much needed step. Setting up the tools you will need.
nice course, but it would be better if the teacher can give us more details more about git and github
Interesting to know about Data Scientist and the tools. Eagerly waiting to go through the next lesson
Very informative course.  The Quiz questions however may not be necessarily be in the course content.
The only minus was that it was hard to catch automate sound. Except this the content is informative.
very nice Course for understanding basics of data science and Rstudio also help to understand github
Not a fan of automated videos. However, they provided a read-up following the videos so it was good.
The course is a nice set up for tools and environments that you need for other data science courses.
It's fine, but mabe quite easy. 4 Weeks are too much. This course could be done in a couple of days.
The videos voice is a little different but overall the course content and explanation is very good.
Certainly informative and set up very well.  There wasn't a ton of content.  This is a prep course.
Very thoughtful and well-executed course. Although, one of the professor's voice is not very clear.
Very easy going, but I think week 3 has much information, maybe a step by step toturial might help.
This course has enabled me to further extend my capabilities to become an aspiring data enthusiast
I love everything in this course except the robotic voice. Atleast some good robotic voice will do
Very very basic, but will get you set up from what I imagine is the more strenuous work to come...
Good course for an introduction, the next course in the data scientist specialisation gets better.
It's the basic introduction courses for data science and it's good, we can learn a lot from this.
It helps to clear the concepts which are not given clear in other platform this helps to improve
Not a very detailed course and very tough one, needs you to read a lot outside to fully grasp it
Good introduction for real beginners. Someone that studied in the field would already know that.
An excellent course, however
I found the organization of the different subjects a bit confusing.
Contents are precise and well explained. For extra knowledge, you can always search on internet.
Pretty helpful . But 4 weeks is an awful lot of time for the content being taught in this course
Great intro. Too bad you need to pay in order to get quiz answer or statement of accomplishment.
very good course with strong focus on building basic foundations and making concepts very clear
I was having a problem with quiz 1 of week 2.otherwise, the overall course really benefited me.
It is a well made course. A bit basic for my liking. The content on Github was a bit confusing.
Simple and very straight forward, I belive this is the best way to give a starting point course
I is not so difficult for a beginner, but I suggest it could be more information in the course.
The robotic voice is kind of uncomfortable to study with and the captions are sometimes wrong.
The instruction is clear and easy to understand. I wish there was a way to move faster though.
A good start into thinking lile a data scientist! Lectures are well thought-out and organized.
very good for a beginner... but i was a bit disappointed as i thought it would have more dept.
It's a nice introduction and gets you to install some of the tools. Now I'm eager to use them!
Very enlightening of a course for those starting their journey as a data scientist or analyst.
Nice course, but at the end it is just introductory course, so i am waiting for the coming one
This was a great introduction to the tools. Just don't expect to actually do any analysis yet.
Gives you the tools you need to learn the rest of the courses, by itself is completely useless
It's a very nicely designed course which is very easy for beginners to start off with coding.
A great introduction to the necessary tools to kickstart data analysis through R programming.
Is a great course for beginners.Just wish it would have been designed to be more interesting.
Excellent. Can you provide links of your PPT. The ones in the pDF are not clickables. Thank's
It will be good if these guys describe more about R markdown  and github otherise it is good
Not a lot of practical application, but good conceptual intro with a little bit of practice.
Good presentation of information and stressed the importance of "hacking" and self-learning.
push and pull of repositories  should have been explained more clearly,rest course was great
A little incomplete as a standalone course. Really forces you to pay for additional courses.
The course is great, I just think the course should has a little more content to be perfect.
Amazing experience I got from this course. It is a perfect intro to the data science world.
Good content. Easy Accessibility. Clear and precise learning. loved learning this course :)
Good introduction to the tools that will be used in the rest of the courses in this series.
This course would be quite helpful for those who step into data science for the first time!
Good course, can be better with some small tweaks here and there otherwise well structured.
This course definitely gave me a great overview of what to expect in the data science field
very good starting point for people does not have any background in stats and R programming
peers reveiw should be removed rather than that something other assingment should be given
The course was super easy but super effective. Thank COURSERA for this amazing experience.
Instructors could do more demonstrations to make things more clear. Other than that, fine.
This is course teaches the basics and installation only but is very good for that purpose.
This course appeared to have some irrelevant material, but perhaps it'll be useful later.
A good introduction to the subject area. It would be nice to see more real-life examples.
Gives a good intro to Data Science and makes sure you get the essential tools downloaded.
There are some parts of the course especially on week 1 and 2 that are too introductory.
Great course to get started with R Studio and Version control that actually makes sense.
It would be helpful if the courses on git are explained in a bit more detailThank You :)
Very Good for basic understanding of Data Science and the tools used by Data Scientists.
Straightforward, interesting, and easy to follow. I wish it were a bit more challenging.
Gitbash is a little challenging, but Googling questions is helpful for troubleshooting.
Very basic stuff. Creator only focused on creating environment of the upcoming courses.
A good introduction to the tools. Assignments are very helpful in learning the concepts
It was pretty easy, but essential to the rest of the specialty so I think it was great.
Great course, you get to learn about the tools used in the Data Science specialisation.
Good introduction to familiarize ourselves with some of the tools used in data science
Great! Nice foundation to help move forward in the Data Science by JHU specialization.
Increase the default pacing. Recommending 4 weeks to install software is too generous.
Very basic course and that was how we should start learning the ocean of data science.
Important course and introduction to the various tools for an aspiring data scientist.
I ran into a few unexplained issues with final project but a very good course overall.
Very basic survey and mostly just setting up software, but confidence-boosting and fun
Had a Great Day after getting the Certificate on COURSERA. Another perk in my Resume.
A very good introducton to the tools, but the GitHub tutorials could use few updates.
The course is helpful, and material is well receivable. But not a fan to robot voice.
It is a wonderful introduction, and gives me a clear view of the track of the course.
Pretty good. Some lectures were good, a couple seemed rushed.  Covered the basics OK.
Just an introduction course but helpful in setting up the rest of the specialization.
Experimental Design is very great. Other contents are just fundamental for beginners.
it gives you the basic understanding or lays down a foundation for the later courses
Know i am done with toolbox and looking forward to complete full data science course
It's the basic introduction to all the tools you will use for the Data Science Spec.
Great Into course! It's always good to get the basics right before the greasy stuff!
Great course - a few grammatical/syntax issues in the quizzes but otherwise love it!
Very basic course to set-up the necessary tools for the specialization. Nothing more
A good overview of the tools needed for the rest of the data science specialisation.
Elaborate and precise course for beginner introduction to the wide range of courses.
Good introduction to tools if you don't know them already.  Otherwise very remedial.
Good introduction to data science, primary tools and what the spec. course is about.
The content of the course is good but the robot voice is disturbing and unengaging.
machine read lectures are not as easy to follow as those presented by human beings.
Gives the initial set up knowledge and idea into the field in a very structured way
Nice simple introduction to the tools the reset of the specialization will require.
Very very basic... Good for someone without any prior experience with R or Rstudio.
Audio level is too low and not balance, ever worser then udemy, please fix it asap.
good enough for a kick start with r studio and understanding what is data science.
It is a good course for you to understand some basic information of data analysis.
Nice course to start as it gives a grasp of everything that we are going to learn.
Good introduction to software, and some basic principles, needed for Data Science.
well explained but no interaction. Also, slides are old and not always downloable.
This was a good basic overview and orientation for the rest of the specialization.
The audio version isn't working for me but all the same good course for beginners
Great course! well paced and timing appropriate. Quizes reflected taught lessons.
Pretty easy, but totally necessary information needed to continue down the track.
Nice course with great examples.Was just expecting more animation on the scream.
Good basic foundation for learning how to use online resources like git & github
The voice of the computer can be improved which will make the experience better.
Good introductory course, requires other courses to really get your teeth into R
Unable to continue with my next chapter though i have completed my previous one.
Very nicely presented... easy for a newbie like me too.Thank you for the effort.
This was superb in order to create a basic understanding regarding data science.
A solid course to kick off the specialization, but not worth taking on it's own.
I would expect some more methodological material,\though everything else is fine
The Course is very Good but requires more details during the practical examples
It's fairly basic.  Completed the whole course in 1 sitting in about 4-5 hours.
It is a good start with good background info of resources in data science field
More practical exercises please! Thank you for offering such a valuable course.
good course somehow a little hard for those who are not native english speakers
Elaborate introduction to the data science arsenal of tools. Thank you so much.
Good introduction to the Data Science and the courses provided here in Coursera
Overall course is good but please decrease the communication speed of lecture.
Course can go quicker, the content is useful but it is too little for one week
I really feel the entire course is explained so thoroughly for the beginners .
Decent introductory course to Data Science and setting up the necessary tools.
great course, hope professors talks more about github command line operations.
Very basic. I am hoping it helps guide my time commitment for further classes.
Some of the closed captioning on the videos does not match up with the audio.
Easy to follow. Practical and useful tools. Lots of good reference materials.
Great intro. Pretty basic if you are a programmer but overall worth the time.
It would be better if more details included in the lecture on Git and Github.
Walks you step by step getting you setup and familiar with the core software.
This is my first ever online course and I have very little to compare it to.
Great course for beginners to learn basics of Installing R and using GitHub!
Really good for Beginners who are interested in learning ML related tools...
give me a basic idea. course quite easy, but need to learn more to be useful
Helpful introduction to people who have little experience with GitBash and R
This is a really good course to begin with. I highly recommend this course.
Good basics, but 4 weeks is way too long for such small amount of new info.
Good class. Need to update the content though. Same from at least two years
Good introductory course to get started on the Data Science Specialization.
Good  and relatively easy course. Perfect to establish personal confidence.
I've learned a lot taking this course and I look forward to learning more.
course is pretty good but the accent used by instructer should be improved
A little basic but a good introduction for the rest of the specialization.
Needed. If nothing else at least to know what software we need to install.
Very introductory - can finish the class well before the 4 weeks are over.
Informative. Making it more elaborate in terms of coding would be helpful.
This is a basic course but since this is what it is design to be it is ok.
Its a good starting point for Data Science. Expected more content though!
I have really Enjoyed this course and Really Happy to Get the certificate
Detail tutorial on basic of Data scientist tools and good start up course
Great way to get started on the Data Science course with the right tools.
It was good, well-executed course, but it was too basic. I expected more.
if live instructor leads the class would be much helpful than auto video
SOMETIMES THE COURSE BECOMES VERY BORING .BUT OVERALL A VERY GOOD COURSE
more hands on exercises (not just in the quiz) for Git would be helpful.
very comprehensive and simple introduction to the basics of data science
Good start for the specialization. Did not like the peer review section.
Best suited to beginners. U will get to know many informative concepts.
More tools should be included in introduction such as python, hive etc.
This course is an excellent introduction for a Data Science enthusiast.
Pretty useful, wish there was more practice build in on using terminal!
A decent overview for anyone interested in what the topic is and isn't.
Good introduction into the tools needed for understanding Data Science.
A little bit simple, but maybe it is enough for an introduction course.
this course is very helpful.i gather many new things from this course.
Very good course, need a little update but has very easy do understand
It covered the basics of concepts and tools that Data Scientist needs!
A good course. Step by step to create concept for git, github, R tool.
It was a good introduction. Looking forward to the rest of the course.
Covers the basic effectively.Hope it's useful for the upcoming courses
This course is a very basic introduction, but I think it is an importa
Very excellent startup to motivate a one want to become data scientist
It is very good course in a short time for all who love data science.
The course should be more interactive. It's such an exciting subject.
it could be better if the local repository in git was explained more.
This was a good introduction. I would have liked to see more content!
Could have used a little more details in explanations.  Overall okay.
Git and Github lesson could use some better explanations and examples
Basic information on data science and the toolbox of data scientists.
Very logical in stepping the knowledge but some times short in explan
Very helpful introduction to downloading R and Data Science concepts.
Nice introductive lessons on how to deal with R, GitHub and RStudio!
I prefer non-automated video lectures over these automated lectures.
Very good, concise overview of the burgeoning field of Data Science.
I enjoyed the course and the learned some useful skills.  Thank you.
learn what basics you need to start as a data scientist. Really help
Excellent introduction... Cant wait to get going on the next course.
Great course, but maybe there should be a better explanation of git.
It is a good introduction to the Data Scientist Tools and processes.
Clear and concise.  Can be completed in a very short period of time.
Just shows you how to install rstudio and github, rather slow-paced.
I did not appreciate the robotic voice, it is a little bit annoying
So far this has been a very well laid out course. extremely pleased
I understood the reason why is a "machine voice" however, is boring
Good start for someone trying to understand data science as subject
Need to explain more command and details  of other option from tool
Very good introduction to the tools widely used by data scientists.
Great experience so far, this is my first time in an online course.
course is good... need to include video on Rstudio setup on windows
Excellent primer course....just the entree...harder stuff is coming
Nice intro but i think only if you want   the whole specialization.
A really basic course many programmers know all about this already.
better experience and looking forward for more and more knowledge.
Basic course.  Didn't really enjoy the automated voice from Polly.
It is a good course. Can include some more topics and explanation.
Great introduction of subject matter. I'm excited to participate!!
This course provides very nice and useful tools for data analysis!
Succeeds in conveying course prerequisites, contents and benefits.
A good start to getting ready for the data science course proper.
Great course but more stuff about R Programming makes it perfect.
One instruction-video was not working, but the text was avalable.
More instruction regarding Git on Mac would be extremely helpful!
Week 3 should be more detailed . What they are trying to explain,
Pretty descriptive for beginners who do not have basic knowledge.
Great intro class.  Some boring lectures if you already know Git.
Good course! Lectures are easy to follow, have good instructions,
Good course; homework exercises are not particularly challenging.
Good course stuff. A little bit too fundamental for a programmer.
should contain more tutorials about Git and GitHub functionality.
It would be better if they are these practice teaching in detail.
Good course, but it needs to be more difficult and more in depth.
i have completed my course  and not get my certififcate till now
I got to learn new things which made me do better in DataScience
A good introduction for getting started as data scientist and R.
It's a good start for people who are really new to data science.
Hope there could be more demonstrations of the use of the tools.
Good starting point, tool download, etc.  Like the online format
Very basic but needed for people not introduced to R! Thank you!
I would've liked some practical assignments on using Git/Github.
I think you have to say more about git commands and their syntax
I expected more detailed use of Github - otherwise great course.
Good But, I would prefer if a person teaches rather than a bot.
It's greate work, but i prefer the human voice than robot's one
nice and difficult to deal with r and github for the first time
Better than reading a book. worse than a classroom study though
Good for beginners, but the machine voice is a little annoying,
A brief introduction into data science and commonly used tools.
Great intro; very basic; could have more content in one course.
I would have liked more information and a broader understanding
It shows the major tools to use in real life to program with R.
This course is a great introductory course for data scientists.
the robotic voice is the only set back but the course is great
I think this course is good but is not that hard as i expected
Does the job to get started and makes you eager to learn more.
Thanks for helping me out to complete this course successfully
Excellent for when you are starting in the Data Science world.
Too introductory, but useful to start with the right framework
This course is a great introduction to the Data Science track.
Gave me a good introduction to basic Git and GitHub operations
Too little information, i think course need to be a bit bigger
Good course to start your basic understanding of Data Science.
Very good explanations but quite basic so good for beginners.
Well structured but basicThe robot voice is a little annoying
Nice course for starting with the tools used for Data Science
Quite useful for learning the basic toolkit for data science.
Great introduction to programming software for Dara analytics
Great course, but it still can be improved! It is too simple!
Course was as excellent insight onto the 9 courses to follow.
One of the best course to get into the field of Data Science.
Good course for a first contact with the Data Science world !
Overall this is a great introductory course to Data sciences.
Good start but not very hard if you already programmed bevore
Great course, nice ease into the Data Science specialisation.
Some Interfaces especially Gihub has changed , please check.
Some of the material seems to be from an older version of R.
Great course to start learning knowledge about data science.
As a new learner to data science, I find the course helpful.
Very good introduction to each course of the whole program.!
Simple introduction to the tools used in the specialization.
Nice course. Clean information e right forward on necessary.
Very informative and the course begins with very basic stuff
This was a good basic, introductory course to data science.
this course is much helpful in knowing the R and the github
Good course, really easy to understand and learn the topics
very easy for people who have prior programming experience.
Good intro to the topic, as well as initial toolchain setup
Good initial overview and setup for the rest of the series.
Very useful course to pursue Data scientist career path and
Great course that goes through the basics of data science.
more substantial than I thought it would be. I was pleased
It's a very good course but it should have some exercises.
Could have provided little bit more detail on git & GitHub
Providing more details about Git commands will be helpful.
I appreciate the opportunity to study in this institution.
Good starter but a bit slow paced (I think intentionally).
I enjoyed this course. The understanding was quite clear.
I learn lots of new subject and topic through this course
It teaches the very basics of R Studio and Github Account
Good, simple and understandable but not too comprehensive
Wonderful eye opener. Never used github until now. Thanks
Content is a quality content, but not a quantity content.
Simple, but the simplicity was helpful in getting started
Great course to learn the nuts and bolts of Data Science.
Very helpful introductory course for RStudio and GitHub.
A lot of throat clearing, but I feel ready to keep going
Very good course and useful for Data Science enthusiast.
Good introduction. The rest of the speciality is harder.
Very useful, simple explanation, take you step by step.
A good course for a first step in learning data science
The version did not match and caused a lot of problems.
Good course , it really encouraged me to learn further.
Very nice course to lead you into the fooling subjects.
It is good. However the git installation is out dated.
Very nicely explained and lab exercises also very good
Not very in depth, but then again, comes as advertised
Very nice and friendly introduction to data science :)
Good quick overview.  Looking forward to going deeper.
I think the course should have covered more about git.
Good intro to the field.  Can be a bit basic at times.
Usefull introduction Course. Course material is clear.
I wish heard a human voice, but I can understand why.
Short and clear introduction to R, RStudio and GitHub
The Automated voice makes the course less interesting
There could have been additional concepts in toolbox.
This course was very easy to follow. I learned a lot.
i learned about git and git hub and installation of R
so Introductoryneeds more exercises, hands on, etc...
Great introduction but it made me want to learn more.
More code and figure would be good for understanding.
Good intro to basic tools. Would like more exercises.
This course did give me some useful tool information.
A good checklist for the basic tools of data science.
I felt I learn some basics but nothing new or indepth
Good introduction. Good to learn the way it works....
It's a good start to the data science specialization.
It was nice course. helped me understand statistics.
Direct contact and references could have helped more
As non beginner it still had useful material for me.
Wonderful course for beginners. And very informative
Great guidance to prepare for the rest of the course
Good course for the basics of R and learning Github.
A great introduction to tools such as git and GitHub
Excellent introduction to the field of Data Science.
Computer voice is special missing human intonation.
I found this course was very interesting. Thank you
It is a good setup course.  I didn't learn a bunch.
Great refresher. Will really recommend this course.
good course. gives the basic idea on Git and GitHub
I liked the course, it was simple and to the point.
Pretty informative, but I think it lacks practice.
Great for comprehension, but a little bit shallow.
This course gave me a comprehensive idea of the R.
A bit simple, but it's intended as an introduction
Very useful course to start learning Data Science.
Nice course for passionate person and focus minded
This is a good overview of the Data Science track.
This was a useful & interesting course, Thank you.
Easy to follow and the discussion board is active.
Starting from cero. Very useful for principiants.
Gives insight about data science and it's process
good start as a basic information in data science
a very good kick start to the data science course
you can learn very easily and implement the basis
very quick course, can complete in about 2 hours.
the slides and audio of the course can be better.
Very motivational to expand one´s learning paths.
A good introduction to the world of Data Science!
Good overview... ready to get to the real work...
good to get the basic setup of R and git in place
Easy course but I don't like the computer voice.
physical teaching by guider will be more helpful
Good startup course for what DS would look like.
It is a good lead into the R Programming course.
So far so good. I am keeping my fingers crossed.
Nice introduction to Data Science analysis tools
Basic but fundamental for the following courses.
really interesting to study and learn new things
Good introductory course for the specialization.
The text is too fast if you open in mobile apps
good , looking for advanced techniques to learn
Not vary informative but steel good as overview
Pretty good but to some extent over-simplistic.
Perfect way to begin your data science journey.
It was easy, because I already know some things
Good, final exam was more indepth than lectures
A little slow paced, but overall, great course!
More exercises should be given, not just theory
Great class. Nice introduction to Data Science.
Good course for starters. Can be more detailed.
Nice quick overview. Good intro to Git/GitHub.
Needs more detailed instructions for MAC users
Good overall, assignments are somewhat clunky.
It was not  harder... but It is a great start.
Good introduction to these concepts and tools.
A good Introduction to GitHub and Data Science
Good Learning Experience!! Thank you Coursera
For me, i'm a newbie on DataScience, is good.
A good overview of the data scientist toolbox
All the materials are designed for beginners.
Gives high level summary of course overview..
Could easily be done in 2 weeks instead of 4.
good introduction, as introduction courses go
A bit easy but a good base. Motivating start.
Great preliminary insights for data science.
Great intro course for learning Data Science
Very easy, but lots of valuable information.
too many content and not clearly instruction
Real basics. Not certificate worthy though..
Pls teach little more in depth. Little more.
Good course. I would recommend it to others.
pretty simple overview of data science tools
It's a luring start for a series of courses.
very good and intuitive, highly recommended
the course was put out in a structured way.
Great way to get started with Data Science!
Nice and helpful with basic knowledge for R
it was a great course and I did learn a lot
A good introduction to Git and Data Science
A very nice introduction for the Data Scien
need to be more clear about the github part
introductory course/seminar to datascience.
the good basical knowledge. a good begining
Great for getting all your software set up.
Good introduction to the fundamental tools
The course material was simple and great!!
It is a really initial course on the field
Too basic, but I understand why it's here.
Not as good as I expected, but still good.
Very Bassic I was hoping for more material
Fast tour around the Data Scientist world.
Very Interesting and I continuing to learn
Good. Have learnt basics from the course.
Great introduction the Data science tools
very basic, and not need prior knowledge.
Great intro! but its just that, an intro.
fairly basic course, useful for beginners
No all the videos have spanish traduction
Very good start in the Data Science world
good introduction to data science field.
A very good course to start from basics.
It was nice, knowledgeable and exciting.
Give you an overview about data science.
A good comprehensive view around basics.
very nice but it ca be more elaborative.
good and easy introduction to the tools.
Good introduction to tools and concepts.
very simple and good course o start with
Good introduction to data science stuff.
Good for introduce you to Data Scientist
Good starting point for the Data Science
Videos have sometimes low sound volume.
It was amusing to learn new things here
Very instructive and interessant course
Good introduction to the Specialization
Very good introduction to Data Science!
Great class and understandable courses
a bit basic, but it was informative...
The course pace is good for beginners.
should be a more "to the point" course
It was good as an introductory course.
Good introduction to the entire track.
very practical and useful introduction
Didn't appreciate the computer voice.
A very nice introduction!! Thank you.
Course was very useful to begin with.
Easy to understand and good guidance.
Thank you very much for your support.
It was a simple course to understand.
Nice to get in touch with data scienc
Good course. I've learnt many things.
Good course to start the data studies
Very helpful overview of the subject.
Decent starting course for beginners.
It's a very superficial introduction.
It was a useful introductory course.
The course could be more interactive
Basic understanding of Data Science.
Please add more non-medical examples
I enjoyed it a lot, but I want more!
Great. It was easy and interesting .
It was a great course for a starter
Very explicative but somehow basic.
It can have more practical examples
It is a good start on data science.
A good introduction to the subject.
This was a good introductory course
Introduction to tools is quit good.
Brief introduction of data science.
Clear explanations and informative.
It's a good course, but very short.
Great instructors...very well done!
A good Introduction to Data science
It very basic but still very useful
Covers great data science concepts.
Great primer on how to get started.
This is a good course for beginner
Assignments could be more rigorous
It is a nice course for beginners.
good course and easy to understand
Very  well laid out and presentedd
A decent intro for the uninitiated
very important subject for dummies
Fairly Simple and Straight forward
Great to develop the fundamentals!
Good base formation for beginners.
Audited the course successfully :)
Nice and helpful to start with R.
good but short need more detailes
Thoroughly enjoyable introduction
Too basic, but still informative.
Great course although very basic.
Practice assignments are awesome
Loved this course, Learned a lot
great course to learn new things
learn the basic knowledge of ds.
Very helpful in getting started.
It's basic for IT professionals.
the course was very informative.
Basics are given utmost interest
Really good starting point for R
I have learned a lot. Thank you
I prefer human voice over this,
Good course to get some basics.
There is lag in the video files
Nice introduction to the field!
Good to begin with data science
Nice introduction to the topic.
Provides the basics, good start
It is quite good for a start up
quite a beginning to a journey.
Good basic knowledge on data sc
Was good, but too much Github.
Very interactive and engaging.
Useful but not very practical!
Very good foundation material.
Very informative, a good start
Thank you, this is Course good
Very good, clear and engaging
Practical but relatively easy
Good content!! Very helpfull.
It was well taught. Good job.
Very good and useful courses!
It was good, but pretty basic
Learn quite a few new things.
It was a good starter course.
Great approach to the course!
machine voice is irritating.
Instructive, well explained.
I like the pace and content.
Very basic, but interesting.
A good theory on data usage.
Nice lectures for beginners
Very good session conducted
Great Course. Well Designed
it was an excellent course.
Consructive, well explained
Good introduction to GitHub
Good course to get started!
It is enough for fresh man!
Good course for foundation.
Progress is a bit too slow.
Gives a very good overview.
Good Introductory course!!!
Too Simple for Professional
Well paced and well taught.
A pretty good introduction.
A basic introductory course
A very good course, indeed
it could be more intensive
good start and base for DS
Too basic, but I liked it!
It is a good Introductory.
GOOD COURSE FOR BEGINNERS
It's a very simple course
Good course for beginner.
It is very helpful course
Great beginner's course..
Could be more interactive
Good introduction course.
Interesting for a start!!
overview of data analysis
Needs updating of slides.
Great start to the Tools.
It was great experience.
Very good introduction..
Easy to follow overview.
Good cours for a starter
Good introduction class.
Easy, quick, effective.
Good overview and intro
Good intro to R and Git
Happy with this course.
Fairly basic but useful
An Introduction needed.
Thanks for everything!
Good course for begins
This is a great start.
Detailed Introduction
Nice overview course!
well-organized course
This course is good!!
nice and short course
Great initial course.
Basic introduction...
Content is very nice.
i learnt many thinks
Good to start with !
nice and informative
Basic, but necesary.
good basis and start
A good introduction.
Basic but good start
Great to start with.
It's a good preview.
an awesome platform
Good to begin with.
very nice and clear
ta for all the fish
Good startup course
good starter course
thecporsewasgreat!
A very good primer
Good, but shallow.
not very practical
Great basic intro!
Good introduction.
Covers the basics
Very introductory
Good Basic Course
bery good course
good explanation
Good foundation.
This was useful.
Value for money
good exprience
Rather simple.
good teaching!
can be better
Audited only.
was too easy!
A good start!
A good start.
A good start
It's was ok.
introductory
Really basic
Good info "!
Great it was
Good intro.
Good conte
low voice
Normal
This course was a good intro especially in setting all the necessary software for future courses. I suggest to read the manuals, books and other readings the profs suggest. The resources are helpful.
Good to set you up for advance courses.
Great Primer for what Data Science is about.  It also provides the infrastructure of tools needed.  This was what I was after, a way to provide other data scientist hardware and infrastructure support.
It was really insightful, coming from knowing almost nothing about statistics or experimental design, it was easy to understand while not feeling shallow. Just the right amount of information density.
As a business student from Bangladesh who is aspiring to be a data analyst in near future, I love this course very much. The quizzes and assessments were the places to check how much I exactly learnt.
I really don't know much about this stuff, I think the jury's still out on whether the last four weeks will be helpful in the future. We'll see how much I think I've learned at the end of the course
Great course, really helps get you into the right mindset for becoming a data scientist.
Great Introduction to Data Science and R Programming This was a great introduction to Data Science and R Programming. I learned about what data science is; how to install R, R Studio, and GitHub; how to install and use R packages; proper forum etiquette; how to create an R script, save it, stage it, commit it, and push it; how to link an existing project with GitHub; and R Markdown. I am starting to appreciate the power of R and cannot wait to dig deeper! I learned so much! One recommendation I have for the course is having more variety in the quiz questions available. I noticed that the questions from the weekly quizzes were just repeats of questions from the practice quizzes.
Doesn't qualify as a course really, it's a fair introduction that's really helpful when it comes to not being overwhelmed with installing programs & setting your self up for the material coming up next. It's an easy 100, & you should be able to finish the whole thing in a week or 2 max. Don't linger too much on it, & move forward with the specialization as things get more interesting in "Programming in R". Non the less, great first step - just don't linger too much on it.
A great intro to the course. I am not the biggest fan of the automated voice, but it gets the job done. I do like the secondary lessons written out with bulleted lists and close-ups of the slides. That is like a helpful review.
This is a very good course as it tells you some basic and is mostly the introductive course for the entire specialization.
Coursera has given new life to me
it was simply the best
I really appreciated the step by step through some of the very basics like downloading all the tools I'd need, using git and GitHub... things that looking around at free training are steps that are assumed and skipped and left me lost. Has built a lot of confidence to continue.
execellent i am very to gland get this certificate .. it is so valueable for me. the first one of data science track
Impressive explanation on the subject., Freshers with no knowledge about the domain can easily understand the subject. Thank you so much for such a fantastic MOOC mode of learning possibility. Love it all.
Really impressed with the completeness of the learning environment.  I would rate this more highly than a traditional classroom because of the interaction and opportunity to go over concepts repeadedly.
I enjoyed the format of this course. It was a good quick introduction to some Data Science concepts, R, and Git. I liked that the same material was available in video/audio as well as reading material.
Straightforward and the tasks aligned well with the instruction. Examples were used to good effect. Highly recommend using the course forums if you're stuck on a problem (especially the final project).
Pretty good in explaining the basics of data science
Very good course for beginner in data science
SIMPLESMENTE SENSACIONAL !
I'm a web developer who is interested in a career in the Data field. That means I know version control and I have more than basic computer knowledge.I read 1 star reviews' and found people saying lots of things, for example:1) "Having a course that teaches you how to install programs is very basic and lazy"The Data Science field sounds challenging to me. Even though I know how to install programs, this easy approach makes the course seems achievable for me. I'm thankful for this, because I guarantee this course will suit people with different academic backgrounds and since it's not really complicated or difficult, it is in fact a very welcoming introduction for a field that might scare people. Even though I thought this course was going to dig deeper into Data Science topics, the title of the course states it clearly: Data Scientist's Tool Box. 2) "The robotic voice is so boring and distracting I couldn't finish the course"It wasn't for me. In fact, it was better. I found it less distracting than watching a human being talking. Also, I think the way they explained why they make the course videos this way is genius. It makes you want to learn Data Science, which I think is one of the most important things a teacher should do: get you excited about the subject. This course is intended to be completed in 4 week, I finished it in a week.I do think it's a good starting point and I didn't find it "too basic" at all.Give it a try if you've never been a tech dude or dudette.
I would like to report some major issues with the new interface.1) We don't have access to the slides anymore. This is a major issues since some of the slides content important links. These links are not shown in the transcript (I've double checked).2) When we try to download the videos, subtitles or transcript, the resulting file name is the same for all content of the same type. More specifically, all videos are named "index.mp4", all subtitle files are named "subtitles.vtt" and all transcript files are named "subtitle.txt". This makes it more difficult for the student to save the files. In the previous version I would only right-click and saved in the right directory. Now, I have to right click, type the right name (which could be long sometimes) and then save the file.3) In the previous interface, it was possible to see all the threads we were subscribed to. It is no more the case. It is not a problem right now, because there is not a lot of posts, but in cases where the number of post increase, it will be a pain to go through the list of threads and find the ones of interest.Please ignore the review for now, I couldn't submit my comments without reviewing the course.More comments may follow later...
This is a recommended course for anyone serious with data science. It is highly accessible, especially for screen-reader users who may be comfortable taking lectures using text rather than videos. I was able to successfully complete assignments on my own without problems. However, the only setback I see with the course is its over-reliance on RStudio. While Rstudio is a great IDE for R programming, it is not yet fully accessible. So questions like, "Which quadrant is at the bottom right corner" are answered as a guess-work rather than full knowledge. I suggest that command-line options be considered as this is accessible for everyone. Thus, while the GUI option is left intact, there is need to also provide command-line alternative to accomplishing the same thing. Otherwise, this course is perhaps the best when it comes to introducing the concepts on data science.
The Professor's are just amazing in their knowledge. The slow bits of information and the way testing is done is so methodical and so well planned. If anybody says they are bored then I am sure they are bluffing, as I found out how enjoyable online learning can me. I am 40, working and a father of 2 children, time is scarce and this online way of learning with financial aid, I could not ask for anything more. Coursera is helping people like me find a hope of learning at their own pace, place and with their financial aid program helping poor people from developing countries like India see the light at the end of the tunnel. I really am indebted to Coursera for changing my life and helping me dream of a career transition even at this age, as in India if you tell anyone that you are studying at the age of 40, they would laugh and make fun of you.
I have completed the Data Scientist's Toolbox. I enjoyed learning this course. I learned a lot of new concepts, installation of R, R Studio, hands-on with these and GITHUB.The lessons are well balanced and help me learn the concepts and the tool usage in a cool way. I liked the Quizzes, Assignments as these help me evaluate myself and instill confidence within me. Now, I've the confidence in work on any of these with certain amount of instructions.However, I feel that certain guidance on progressing further with respect to R, RStudio, GITHUB could be provided as additional study material.Thanks to Coursera for providing such a wonderful course and to Prof. Roger D. Peng, Jeff Leek and Brian D. Caffo for their meticulous effort in designing this course and helping in my learning. Wishing my Professors and Coursera all the Success.
The course is really well organised and challenging.It gives a good introduction to data science, as well as some currently relevant concepts related to it, such as machine learning and big data. I found it easy to understand and I enjoyed the pacing. Moreover, I really appreciated the time this course spends on teaching some of the basic tools that are needed in data analysis, namely R (and RStudio, R Markdown) and Github.You are constantly challenged by small quizzes to make sure you really understood the material. They're not too complicated that you would get frustrated, but also not too obvious that you'd be bored by them, and more often than not you even learn other things from these quizzes.I definitely learned a lot and would recommend it!
It's a good first step into getting the right programs, learning key vocabulary, and interacting with important websites/programs at a very introductory level. If you are not from a math/statistics background you can still complete the course but you will not understand the previews for later courses completely, that is ok! But consider getting the eBook with this course. My only complaint is the quizzes, it often feels impossible to get a 5/5 based on only what you get from the lectures, there's always 1 question that is completely over the top compared to the other 4, but you can do the quizzes 3 times every 8 hours and just trial and error the 1 gotcha question on each quiz.
The Data Scientist's Toolbox is the first course of the Data Science course by Johns Hopkins University. The course contains constituents which are needed to build a base for future data scientists. 4 weeks of the course contains the basics of data science, Installing R and Rstudio, working on Github and many more things. The course is suitable for people who have no prior knowledge of data science and are looking to find something which contains the basics of the topic. If you're in a dilemma of studying something which is related to data science and you're not aware of the basics of it then I recommend you to select this course and study. All the best!
It was interesting to see how a University is approaching topics which are considered "Core IT" and present them to non-IT people. Though I consider myself very strong as an IT with a master's degree and heavy experience in databases, Matlab and some R, it still had many things to give me and most of all, a methodology in setting up a lab environment. Although I was graded lower in the last assignment because I use Visual Studio Extension for R, by someone who does not know that R is one in the system and the shell may differ, I strongly believe that the rest of the courses will provide the methodology needed to approach complex data science problems.
Very interesting intro to data science, but the focus on command line Git may drive people away (although it was a great contribution for me!) I would use that time and effort to delve deeper in the concepts that a person must grasp in order to understand the challenges that are better tackled by using data science. I believe there is a big and harmful disconnect between the ideas that decision makers have of their understanding of world "out there", and the real possibilities of observing and making sense of it. If this course would help narrow that gap, even a little bit, then I believe more people would be using the insights of this discipline.
Great introduction. The lessons were clear and easy to follow. Github is a new tool. I used to be shy about using Github because I didn't understand all the commands, but I'm confident I'll pick it up easily during the rest of the course. I already feel more comfortable with it.I'm a mechanical engineer, so this is a different way of thinking for me. I was amused by the lesson on what data is and about the kinds of data analysis because the data I look at always comes a CSV file / Excel file, and I only do mechanistic analysis. So I'm looking forward to expanding my definition of data and analysis.
This course is a good first into to the topic. I think that the additional reading from the book and the Git manual will supplement it very well.My only complain is that in the first quiz, there was a question regarding some R packages used in Machine Learning that were not covered in the slides. It took me a while to find those so I had to take the first quiz 3 times. I think this question should be revised to guide the student as to how to find these packages. Another alternative would be that in the slides there some guidance in this matter.Otherwise, I liked to course and the final assignments.
This was a great opening course for the Data Science specialization because it talked about the tools that will be used to illustrate the concepts that are coming later.  In other classes, the education on the subject matter is presented in the primary position, with tool instruction woven into those lessons.  That model gives me two different priorities ( learn the topic and learn the tool ) and that competition for attention is suboptimal for me.  I find myself having to revisit course content if it takes extra effort to learn some piece of technology used to demonstrate it.
Overall the coverage of github was at an appropriate level for me to understand and for that I am very grateful, as I was too lazy to force myself into learning how to use it up to this point. The coverage of installation of important programs was also a great way to introduce a subject before diving into the details. The broad coverage of the overall core curriculum was nice, and I am excited to learn how to use R as it seems like it will be around for a while (even though i'll always be faithful to my C/C++/fortran roots). I look forward to enjoying the rest of the program.
I love the course and the material provided. however the mechanical voice in the video is somewhat a weak point. when some real person read or present they use voice modulation as per various circumstances in the presentation, which is recognize by the listeners' brain and perceived accordingly. however, as you have mentioned the reason for use of this voice due to rapid changes, it a worth compromise. I had fun and learned a lot. Thanks to creators for their efforts and time they have put. Thanks to Coursera to bring this course.
Nice course. I got basic idea about data science, R and Rstudio. I have previous knowledge about Git. Apart from the contents, the new way of presentation is not impressing, many of the lengthy videos, it was annoying. Like, if it is a real human video,  the instructor will change the tunes and it is more important in the communication. I am suggesting the same method with a human voice instead of computer generated audio/explanation. I rated 5 star for the way of progress, the context of each lesson. I felt I learned new things.
I really appreciated that the instructors took the time to go into theory and history before writing a line of code. I think an introduction or more reference to necessary statistical/mathematical knowledge would be good, but I understand if that's outside the purview of the course. I also love the amount of extra, supplemental material you can review, whether it's a linked article or Leanpub book written by the lecturers. Would definitely recommend this course to other people interested in data.
Providing feedback means giving students an explanation of what they are doing correctly AND incorrectly.  However, the focus of the feedback should be based essentially on what the students is doing right.  It is most productive to a student’s learning when they are provided with an explanation and example as to what is accurate and inaccurate about their work.Use the concept of a “feedback sandwich” to guide your feedback: Compliment, Correct, Compliment.
I think that the course is effectively introduces students to the basic toolkit of data science--informative materials, good explanations, and the accessibility to knowledge sharing through the discussion forums.One suggestion please: It would be very convenient if you could put the links in all the videos in a place where the students could readily access them (contrary to needing to donwload the slide first to be able to access the links).
Excellent. I had a little trouble interpreting my lessons and completing the final project but I figured it out. I was under the impression from the previous videos and the assignment descriptions that I needed to do everything via "Git Bash" in my Mac Terminal, rather than just going and doing it all on Github.com. Either I completely misinterpreted or something was lost in translation right there towards the end. Loved the course though.
This course is awesome. It takes you by your hand from the very beginning and leads you through all the process to install softwares and sign in on the most up-do-date tools to work on Data Science. And, besides being very friendly, it doesn't stay superficial on the subject. Another highlight is the quality of the material and of the experienced instructors. Excellent value for the investment. Highly recommended if you are a beginner.
I think they have pretty much nailed it with this course/specialization. I have tried several courses on data science from Microsoft, EDX and Coursera and they always seems to lack something. They are either too nimble, lacking the big picture, or they are too long or badly designed. The team is great, they have a very hands on experience on data science and the learning goals are presented in a palatable manner. Excellent course!
This course provided an excellent introduction to Data Science, the tools used for analysis and basic concepts. It helped me to develop a solid foundation for future coursework in the Data Science track. The presentations are concise, giving necessary details for understanding without excess volume. Plenty of  quality references are provided for those, including myself, who want to learn more about the data science discipline.
It was a great start of the specialization course. I completed in just one day. So in fact if you get a time of 4-5 hours in any holiday or free day just do this. It will create interest in you to learn more and more with quick space. I highly recommend this course to the people who has some interest in data science and want to learn more but doesn't get a clue where to start. This is actually a perfect platform to start .
Very good course to get the basics of what the overall specialisation will entail. Great information on setting up your system for any of the other courses in the specialisation. Information on Command Line programming and version control with Git and GitHub set-up proving to be useful. Good to get an introduction to the process of submitting peer reviewed assignments for future courses. Overall good introductory course.
This course is perfectly suitable for people who have passion in R or data science, and has some basic concept of statistics but not a specialist yet. I am a undergraduate student majoring in public health .I choose R for my first scientific tool because of its various utility and applicability to data analysis. But I also want to try to learn some Python in the future. Thank you professors, and my dreamy school--JHU!!
To start with, I have enjoyed this experience of online learning a lot and this is my first online course. The structure of the course is very well designed. The platform is very user-friendly. Although it was just a basic introductory course, it is just a step towards learning more interesting things from a renowned university and very good professors. Looking forward for more quality courses. One step at a time!
Comprehensive set up guide and good staging for how to truly be effective in using data to answer questions. Only feedback would be that links should be made clickable from video page and perhaps that notes should be made downloadable. I'd also suggest that when a question is answered incorrectly, recommending users reread notes instead of rewatching the videos as it's easier to skim notes than it is a video.
I enjoyed the lessons. I appreciated the lessons being available in both video and text. While watching the videos I would follow along with the text and if the topics were very technical or heavy with new information I would read the text lesson a second time to help the information sink in. Additionally having the support from the lessons and forums while building my data science toolbox was very helpful.
The teaching methodology of presentation were excellent, I was a little disappointed for not having any more applied exercises. But I believe that my expectations were high and it was necessary to focus only on the tools on this stage. I imagine that this must be the content of the next modules, which I am looking forward to doing. I thank Coursera and JHU for the opportunity granted by the scholarship.
It is a great course for begginers in Data Science. The videos are clear and easy to understand for non-english native people. I think it is overwhelming the first step with the tools: R, RStudio, Git and Git Hub, but, if you dedicate enough time to read the material and manuals, you can do it. The fourth unit was delightful. I learn a lot and I want to say thank Coursera and JHU for this opportunity.
I have had a Github account for about a year now and I have never used it. Version control is an important part of programming and data science process so being forced to use it by via assignments was a great touch. I am comfortable loading repos now and I have the tools to use Git to have it on my local machine. A great introduction to what is turning out to be a pretty exciting and beneficial class!
It is a great intro for a beginner if you want to get to know Data science in a broader way. I highly recommend people who are interested in data to join the course. Besides, the course doesn't have to spend many time every week. The content of the course is organized well in a slow path and can also gain more confidence after taking the course, which may be helpful for the following learning.
Very well received by this beginner. I appreciated the time taken to offer an introduction to the command line, which was focussed on the immediate commands needed to continue with this course. Many other data science courses either overlook any kind of command line tuition, or they point you to an overwhelmingly large other tutorial on the subject which would take you 3 weeks to complete.
This is a nice course on getting and installing the data scientist's tool box. In the future, this course should be improved with an example of creating files in Git and pushing them to GitHub. Although issues were addressed by peers in the class, going through an example before the course project will very much help future students with no experience. Great course. I highly recommend it!
This is a wonderful introductory course.  I allows one to get an idea if they would like to continue towards the specialization.  I would suggest taking this course with the R-Programming course.  I have a very basic knowledge of Data Analytics and I could have taken the first two course simultaneously.  However if you have a incredibly busy schedule just taking this course would be fine.
This is a great course to help you set up the tools required to start a data science project. The pacing is perfect. Each lesson conveys just the right amount of information without being overly explanatory. I had some issues receiving feedback on my end-of-course project. However, this is not the fault of the instructors or course content. Rather, it is a flaw in the Coursera model.
I recommend that beginners, coders new to data analysis and anyone seeking foundational experience with Git, collaborative coding or the R programming language start here. It does not dive deep, but does introduce interfaces, basic syntax, routine operations and some commands in the technical setup portion, and also goes into test design and glosses the general field of study nicely.
This class is a great introduction to the tools needed to begin working on data analysis. The assignments provide just enough instruction to cover the basics and propel you toward uncovering additional information on your own. The assignments are structured in such a way that you must pay close attention to the lectures; then analyze and apply them on your own. Great course overall.
Learned SO MUCH! I can't believe how much I actually learned. The course is set up so you are forced to download and practice using RStudio and Githun (both free), and are guided through it. Not too hard, not too easy either. Just challenging enough. Also appreciate that I didn't have to spend 10k on a bootcamp when I wasn't even sure that I liked data analysis. Now I know I do!
Beautifully set series of lectures that gave an in depth view of what Data Scientists are thinking of in this modern era of human excellence. The slide font to be slightly increased and the sound quality too.My teacher of the course has given his best and their could be no comparison of his efforts.Thanks to team Coursera for setting up such a beautiful set of learning material.
My name is Jose Antonio. I am looking for a new Data Scientist career ( https://www.linkedin.com/in/joseantonio11) I did this course to get new knowledge about Data Science and better understand the technology and your practical applications. The course was excellent and the classes well taught by the teacher.Congratulations to Coursera team and Instructors.Regards.Jose Antonio.
It was a great Toolbox..!It seemed to be simple but yet it was challenging as it was the first time I was exposed to Data Science, R, R studio and even GitHub. It effortlessly made me focus on simple tasks.Which made me more curious about how effective other courses might be. Looking forward to learning and growing my skills with this wonderful platform. Thank you, Coursera...!
Not really interesting course, but good for start. You won't learn much beyond setting up github account and downloading R, but it fits well in the overall specialization. The feel is that this course is like the first day of school, you don't do much of work, but you still need to come. I do not recommend taking this course alone, but I do recommend taking the specialization.
The Data Scientist’s Toolbox Training helped me learn the elementary
and essentials of data science concepts as well as it is interesting project submission
and reviewing others’ submitted projects. It is an incredible learning
experience from Coursera’s Data Science Course from Johns Hopkins University industry
experts. I would like to rate my Data Science instructors a 5/5.
The Data Scientist's Toolbox the second course that i have taken in the Coursera. I have completed this course in a short time but the course is awesome and providing info from basic and videos are helping a lot. I think to become a data scientist this is the best place to start pleased to complete rest of the course also. Thank you Coursera for providing such awesome course.
In this course, you will get great insights about tools that comes handy in your journey towards being a Data Scientist. The curriculum is very well designed to cover all the relevant and helpful tools. Whether you are new in the data science domain or an expert, it's always helpful to brush up your knowledge about frequently used tools to ease off the main analysis work.
The course has been designed in an optimum way so that no strong backround in programming or statistics is required. By the end of the course you will be familiar with the necessary tools (Rstudio, GitHub) for data analysis. Moreover you will have a sound knowledge of the basic concepts in data analysis. It is an excellent way to introduce the student to data analysis.
This course is (as stated) suitable for beginners on the subject. It gives a very good introduction to it, and helps people learn more about what the data science is all about, how it works and which tools are usedby data scientists.This course helped me to determine if the path I was thinking of taking as a career options is really interesting for me at this point.
Firstly, this course was challanging for me, especially to understand linking github in R. I have known R, however I never use git or github before.  I have stucked for little moment to understand about it and missed my deadline. It was because I'd need some times to understand and elaborate it. And now, I can passed the course, and I'am happy. Thank you Coursera.
So far this course is given at a pace that is just perfect.  The instructors explain concepts in ways that make the subject matter easy to learn, particularly for someone who loves data, but is terrified of heavy mathematical concepts.  I've taken similar courses at local community colleges where class size is much smaller, and have been very disappointed.  So f
This course gives a wonderful introduction to the world of data science.  You'l probably finish it with plenty of time to spare which makes jumping in the middle of the next course very tempting.  I did that and i had a hard time.  It would be best to familiarize yourself with the other commands in github and explore the many helpful sites instead.
good tool tips but with some hard to make SSH and pull not working downloaded github desktop and take projects from RStudio and pull, using github desktop maybe add some tips for this program because to some person it will help like me, every have diferent PC and language.(Searched google every writing about some space not about solving problem)
I would like to thank Coursera team for providing such a good opportunity specifically the mentors of JHU, for sharing excellent video lectures. I would recommend my friends, colleagues, and juniors about this course, who is having keen interest to grow into the field of data science. Looking forward to complete the upcoming series of sessions.
This was a great beginner course given that I had no previous experience with coding or R Programming. It went at a good pace, I could work on my own time, and I appreciated the option for both video and script. While it only taught basics, it provided websites and connections needed to continue my understanding of the data science community.
Course is not as time-intensive, however it contains a lot of important information and helps lay out solid foundation in data science. Information is presented in an easily digestible and engaging manner, including some fun references/easter eggs that help lighten the mood. Tutorials for software are also easy to follow. Highly recommended.
I really loved the presentation style.  It cratered to all learning styles which I find to be essential for online coursework.  The information was basic, but it never hurts to have a solid foundation before going to the next level.  Since the next course really throws learners into the deep-end, this course is necessary to be ready to go.
This course is a kickstart to the further R-programming related courses. Those who want to learn R programming with strong basic on its background, then this course is the right choice. The course materials are too much easy to complete but easy to those who attentively listen to the lecture videos. Heading towards the next course now!
That was introduction to Data Science specialization. Not too valuable as independent cource, but basic  for whole specialization. Speaker briefly informs us about purposes and specific of data scientist job, indicates common mistakes and review tools for data analisys. Narrator is pleasant, seems like he is professional in this field.
This course is a good, brief introduction to the foundational concepts of data science and some of the tools you can expect to use when doing data analysis with the R programming language.  It's best suited to someone who intends to continue at least with the R Programming course that is also a part of this Data Science Specialization.
Great introduction to data science and the associated tools. As someone new to data science this course provided a simple, yet firm and comprehensive foundation for the rest of the courses in the data science specialization. Definitely worth doing this course if you are thinking of pursuing any endeavors in the field of data science.
I thought this was a very fun experience. It was easy to follow along and it didn't take up too much of my time to pick up some interesting concepts. Though I do recommend that you watch some videos on YouTube with explanations on Git and GitHub, because that will really help make version control systems so much more understandable!
First experience got me hooked. I love coursera. This course, even though an introduction taught me a lot and showed me an error of my ways in everyday life. One question in the 3rd Quiz was very confusing to answer. But that's about it. I hope the rest of the specialization carries on forward in a similar maybe even better pattern.
The course was completely new to me. But the step by step instructiona made it easy for me to complete the course succefully. Linking of R and GitHub is like a magic to me ,who is new to programming. The Video on Control Version is fantastic and can be helpful for even professors like me who give group projects to their students.
I think this course did gave me a full impression regarding data science and guided me how to install basic tools successfully. Also, I found that the help guide and links those are introduced during lecture are very helpful, such as "Github help" and discussion forum. I used them a lot when finishing the last peer view project.
This was an excellent course. I always wanted to know how to use GitHub and this course knocked it out of the park for that. Also learned how to set up R & Rstudio on Debian 10 vs. Windows and/or Mac. I'm a FOSS guy so this course provided sufficient guidance around how to build my Data Scientist toolbox on that platform. Nice!
A short introduction to the primary tools and concepts for data analysis with R. The lectures cover a fair range of topics from installing the software to experiment design and types of data analysis. Relevant and informative examples are provided for each section. All in all, the course is a wonderful introductory experience.
I liked this course. The material that you learn was pretty basic, but the community helped you digest the more indepth concepts (I am new to RStudio and GitHub). What some people will find as a flaw, I liked the fact that I had to go and look for the answers online and it wasn't just given to me in the course notes/slides.
This course has really helped me understand how to value peoples work and share what i think and share my work with others. The lectures are very good and helpful. From the knowledge i have arquired i view things differently, more like a data scientist and i am motivated to complete my specialisation as a data scientist.
Great course! Explains the details of what is in the content of the rest of the certificate while not being too detailed.  Showed which classes will be related to the content of each part of the introduction.  Did a great job of setting up all required tools for the the R programming course (which I am currently taking).
I loved the course - the different kinds of formats of presenting the information really helped me in choosing the medium in which I wanted to learn! Thank you to all instructors and the links to all the material provided. I loved Hilary's name analysis and Nate Silver's take on US elections - thanks so much once again!
before completing the course I thought that I know all of its content, but as I proceed further I realized I was wrong and got to learn many thing, the most fruitful thing that I learned here was integrating Git and R Studio, the final assessment practically brushes up all the learning taught. overall am very satisfied.
Really solid introduction to the subject matter. This course gave me a better understanding of how to go about finding the questions which need to be answered, which is fundemental to the study of data science. Also, it gave me a wonderful tutorial on where to find help and how to ask for help which I found very useful.
This course is just amazing! I had the best experience learning it at my own pace, and the interactive learning session was an added fun to the whole course! I am looking forward to learning so much more! The slides had very illustrious graphs and teaching was in such simple words that I could grasp everything so well!
An excellent introduction to R, RStudio, Git and GitHub. The course content is well designed and touches upon various topics in a crisp tone. The course lowers inhibitions and allows learners without any coding experience to test the waters.  Definitely recommended for all enthusiasts looking to venture in Data Science
Very nice introduction to the subject. If you know RStudio and Git you can easily go throught it in a couple of days. You might really wanna go deep into R Studio features like markdown syntax and take a good look at Hilary Parker's work to see how a data scientist think and go through her process. Her blog is amazing
I got a general idea about the work of a datascientist which laid a stepping stone for my further study.Further more, I think the lesson of "getting help" is quite helpful and practical for me and I enjoyed the whole class.I would recommend any one who is interested in datascience to take this course at the beginning.
Info is compressed but it is still available for understanding and useful. But I think new students can have some difficulties with git or github, because theres some not so obvious commands like swap branch, commit changes etc...But it is also good for students to learn use Google and look forward for tutorials :)
The new graphic is really nice and helpful. Even the fact that you can retake the quizzes after 8 hours is really nice. I have noticed that there wasn't  any possibility to download pdf files of the lessons (or I didn't see it), the last time I took the course there was this possibility and I found it so helpful.
I found this course very interesting. The progression of course from week 1 to week 4 was very well paced. The study material provided in form of notes, powerpoint presentations and videos was adequate for understanding the topics. I would definitely recommend this course for people interested in Data Science.
Well designed course; great for first in sequence. On a couple of parts I had to struggle to figure out how to complete an installation or proper launch of a program, but between the instructor's instruction, classmate's comments, and google searching, all was completed. Thank you for designing a great course!
This course serves as a introduction for all the remaining 9 courses to come. You will be learning GitHub, R studio and a bit of command line to be familiar with the tools needed for Data Science. I highly recommend this course for anyone interested in Data Science. The professors teach the concepts very well.
I really like your approach on making people who are new in this field understand most of the basic concepts. I've been in software industry for so many years now and the reason why I took this course is because I am planning to include most of your courses on my team enabling program. Many thanks and cheers!
The course was really easy to navigate through. I like the idea of automated videos since it allows the content to be up to date, but it seems that this was not the case (from the given examples). Basic principles were also explained relating to data science, big data, types of analyses, and other concepts.
The content of course was in depth and ease of understanding step by step. The question at the end of each session was refresher for the learning had in that particular unit. Over all it was an awesome experience and passionate to keep learning new things. All the best Team Coursera for a smooth experience!
The main purpose of this course is to get R and RStudio installed on your system, set up a GitHub account, and connect your RStudio program to your Git account. Some time is also spent introducing basic concepts about Data Science. This course is simple in scope, but very valuable and effectively delivered.
Learning experience is much better. I like how they don't give you all the answers in lecture which forces you to research/figure things out through lots and lots of practice. Thank you for all these courses and without hard work by these professors/staff this experience wouldn't have been possible online.
The course provides a nice overview over the basic tools of a data scientist. The presented methods of the course are up to date. The course materials are concise. Jeff explains clearly and structured. I like the course and, although I've been working with data science for a while, there was something new.
This was a great first course. I appreciate the video and having the written version together because I can go over immediately something that I might have missed or not understood well. The entire format of the course is great for learning on-line. And the material is well written and easy to understand.
It was amazing to learn the things from john hopkins , good experience learn alot i will try to practice more and more so that i will never forget what i have learnt this is the starting of my skills i am pretty sure that they will allow me learn each and everything i want to learn reagarding datascience
Course had a LOT of information.  Really appreciated the hands on assignments (although it was kind of scary for me to be installing software in "terminal" mode on my Mac from remote servers).  The lectures are done so well, full audio/visual and downloadable slides with supplemental links and documents.
Course is presented in very lucid manner and give you ample information to learn from scratch. Great course those who don't have any background in data science and willing to learn it. Pedagogy is highly appreciated and assignments are never like fun activities that John Hopkins are crafted for learners.
The course was very informative and I  admired the way they scheduled and organized the course , it was very easy to understand and moving on with it.at the initial I thought it was rushing through the content but as i started going on there phase of speed of teaching , I managed to get to there speed.
a really nice introduction for data science :) Although the Text to voice was a bit weird at first, I got used to it very soon. It's one of my first online Courses to complete and I really like the format. You can actually complete the course in less than a week if you have the time. Very worth it!
Ideal for anyone who has never had any experience in the subject of data science. The course lays a nice foundation of what you need to know for the next courses in the specialisation. I would say it is 60% conceptual, 40% technical, which for me is just the right mix to get started on the subject.
Learning Data Science has always been a passion for me.  Thank you Coursera for providing such a beautiful, wonderful platform for education. Faculties are skilled and interact lucidly. Again Thank you John Hopkins University and everyone associated with it in making these course a successful one.
I think this course is really suitable for beginners like me, who have no concept of Git, Github and don't know what data science are doing roughly. Maybe for some experienced learns this is trival, but no one would be annoyed by it since they can quickly pass this context and turn to next course.
This course helped me a lot in getting the basic understanding on the data science and necessary tools like R, Rstudio, Git & Github. Now I found myself confident enough to pursue this journey of becoming a data science. Thanks to respective professors and Coursera. Looking forward to learn a lot.
Good introduction to the specialization. It might be a little basic if you already have a lot of programming background, but it's nice to have the foundation in place before diving into the nuts and bolts of the software. Does a good job of gently introducing the user to Rstudio, git, and github.
I would like to appreciate the efforts of course instructors to start a new way of learning for us and also for giving a complete course on the basics and fundamentals of the software. I strongly recommend everyone to use this course as a foundation to learn software like git bash and R studio.
Very good overview of the basic concepts and tools required to delve into the world of Data Science. Explanations are easy to understand, lectures are easy to follow. There is far more detail and information involved regarding Git and R in general but are not necessary to complete this course.
A very useful course with a lot to learn about the basics of programming and data analysis. I have learned a lot of things and also this course has enhanced my confidence level to a higher level. Thank you coursera and John Hopkins University for providing such a wonderful opportunity to all.
This was my first experience taking a coursera course. I was impressed with the thorough and well thought out content. The course material was easy to follow and it was easy to stay on track. This was one of the best virtual classes I have attended. I am looking forward to the other courses!
Thorough course introducing all practices related do data science. A bit overwhelming but I mostly saw it as a lexicon of some kind; a resource to use again and again during the certification.Hates off to the speakers who made a great job in terms of pedagogy in all video.Max, form France.
A very balanced and quick course to introduced R, R-studio, Github and other tools for data analysis. Also, the examples and methods of communicating critical terms are impressive and are forever etched in my memory. As a trainer myself, I will do my best to employ these in my workshops.
I wish there was assistance from the instruction in case we come into problems. I did find a lot of written assistance, but in case of an issue I am unable to solve then I will need an instructor available that will go over the issue with me. I do not know if that is already available.
Good foundation concepts for what will be required in DS according to the instructors. Good start point and presents basic challenges to getting you set up for the rest of the certification. Other courses will be required for more breadth and depth of concepts. Very good introduction.
It is an excellent course to get started in the world of data science.
All the steps well explained without a doubt.
The course has an excellent organization.
I am totally satisfied and will continue with the courses that follow.
Thanks to the instructors for such an excellent course
It is a nice course which smoothly familiarize a novice data science learner to the nature and tools of their job. Although I prefer it to be taught by a real instructor instead of a robot, apart from that everything was designed carefully to introduce data science toolbox to people.
Good course for begginers like me. All information is provided very simple and it's easy to understand. Also involves srudents not only looking videos but offer books. In addition you will need to search some information yourself to complete some tasks.Thanks for this great course.
Even though it is a starter course to the specialization learned so many new things like amazon polly which is being used to generate these videos, R-markdown and how important is it to produce reproducible research. A must take course for any data science aspirantHappy Learning!!
It's a great course for beginners. I had little knowledge about data science. I didn't even know what was R and GIt. After taking this course, I had a preliminary understanding of them. If anyone wants to learn data science without any experience, this one can be your start point!
All the information felt applicable to my current role. The main thing I gained from this course is that I feel more confident in the tools at my disposal as a data analyst. Additionally I learned about tools I had never heard of & how to utilize them, and for that I'm thankful!
Good starting point for starting to learn data science. Short, practical course on definitions and tools for data science. I knew a little bit about R and RStudio (but not much) and didn't know anything about Git and Git Hub, and this helped me a lot to know these tools better.
Great way to learn R and become familiar with how to use it. As a developer with an understanding of Python, Java, C and C++ I could quickly see how to use R, how to extend it and start working with it today. Very good use of supporting tools like Swirl to assist with teaching.
The course provides a good introduction to the necessary toolbox required. It provides introduction to the Rstudio interface and Github version control system. The course helped me gain a lot of knowledge regarding Data Scientist toolbox, especially the version control system.
I found this course to be effective at getting the student to recognize the baseline set of tools, skills and behaviors expected in courses 2-10.  Moreover, none of said tools, skills or behaviors fall outside the confines of typical and/or "in demand" experience.  Nice work!
Great course to get started with data science using R as primary language. Good data practices are encouraged and use of GitHub for version control gives additional confidence to anyone wishing to preserve their work that leads them up to the solution to the problem at hand.
It's an excellent introductory course for the specialization, I have recommended this course to a friend because I have found the content pretty useful. I will continue with the other courses of the specialization and I'm very grateful to have this opportunity from Coursera.
This is a nice course and well taught by all facilities made available by the facilitators. As soon as am financially able to start to finish from where I stopped, I will activate my remaining course left to roundup Data Science Specialization.I really appreciate. Thank you.
Basic course introducing the minimum tools to start your journey in data science. The course was very important for me to get up to speed with Git and GitHub. All the information was given in a concise and objective way,  yet covered all basic important points of such tools.
Might look trivial at first glance to more experienced users, but was very much essential for a complete beginner like me. Gives a nice overview of a somewhat overwhelming (and sometimes intimidating) field and equips you with the basic tools necessary (like how to use git).
The "Data Scientist's Toolbox" offered by Johns Hopkins University is a good head start for the newbies in the field of Data Science. The course gives the brief introduction to various software used by a Data Scientist that is R, R studio, Git hub and Git (version control).
Very good introduction to data science. It gives a general overview on data and its problematics but also tips and help on how to start with the basic tools that will be needed (I haven't done any R programming and didn't have a github account so that was helpful for me).
It is a very good course to get introduced to the world of data science. Working knowledge of R, RStudio and GitHub is covered in a very nice and organised manner. I feel more confident and equipped to proceed further and learn how to solve problems through data science.
This is not a coding course. It is a course to bring you up to date with the logistics of using R: downloading packages, using RStudio, using GitHub version control, and familiarizing oneself with the overarching concepts of experimental design, statistics and big data.
A very easy to understand, nice and simple course. ample quizzes and puzzles available. A recommendation : please include a thing or two about RStudio Cloud. Especially, please include how to tie up your github repo to RStudio Cloud; as the procedure s different for it.
It's really enjoyable, a lot to know and a lot to discuss. The other links provided for more details are very much helpful.  The feature of the discussion form is very helpful. Thanks,  to Coursera and the team of Coursera for your high great work to open this platform.
Setting up the environment is often the tricky part that deters people from moving into, or back into coding. This class provided me with a hand-holding needed to start coding again.  I recommend this course as a kick starter for those who were on legacy environments.
What a great introduction. It needs a lot of reading and self developing to be able to do that project at the end. It's kind of difficult but you'll feel that you've really learned something that will be useful for the rest of your life. Thanks JH and Coursera staff.
A good introduction to analytical processes and tools.  The course by itself, however, is only a first step.  I find many threads begun but not tied together.  I anticipate that the remaining nine courses will expand and consolidate everything opened in this course.
The course is great at explaining the preliminary steps for setting up an R development environment and describing the basics of data science. Videos were paced well, not being too short or long, which allows the viewer to stay focused and interested. Recommended.
Quite helpful course in teaching the fundamentals of data science, do not expect to use statistical analyses programs effectively with the help of this course. This course's main aim is on teaching the fundamentals of data science just like we see in a university
Super!, I was an excellent way to start the certification, and also a very good motivation to learn about contents included ( R, R markdown, github, control advance) . At the final of all, it is not possible to run if we do not to learn to walk. Thanks for it .
Very well paced course with a well structured approach to the toolkit. I would encourage people to take this course to get a hang of the basic working environment. It works even better if you already have a strong foundation in Statistics, and Research Methods.
A very eyeopening introduction to the discipline of Data Science. Hope this prepares me for R programming soon. :) I also realized how relevant this is today especially in the sciences, wherein one must have a good grasp in programming as an aid for research.
I found this intro course really useful as a warm up and to get into the "data scientist's mindset". The only (minor) point for development is to devote more time to Git and Github, as some of the steps were not particularly straightforward. Well done though!
I really loved the course. My peers were amazing. They always help and when they review your project they make sure that you will understand what you did wrong, explaining why and how you might gei it right the next time. Mr.  Peng you are amazing. Thank you!
This is a fantastic way for individuals to get a leg up if they want a competitive edge in an ever-changing scientific environment. It is important to be able to use certain programs and code to some degree in order to be competitive using today's technology.
The course was well put together and documented. My only critic is that I would like the lecturer to go over Git and Github more thoroughly as I had to do some extensive outsourcing to be able to figure out how everything worked. Overall, a very good course.
Best in it's Class. Short but so much descriptive with a constant effort to deliver high quality teaching with easy understanding language and concepts!It's highly recommended to those who are new to Data Science, and want to make their Base strong( like me)
This course provides great insight into the use of Data Science and its future applications in the field of science and technology .The course also provided brief and necessary tutorial to use the R software which was of great help.Thankyou and Great job!
Really nice intro to the set of tools to be used. Step-by-step instructions. It might be useful to have it called out that versions may change, but the basic video instructions will not. There were slight updates that made things look a little different.
The only thing that might be tiring during this training, I guess, is the robotic voice that has been created to ensure the actuality of the course material.  As a result, this course was really helpful to get acquainted with the basics of data science.
Very helpful way to start using R! I wish I had done this class before my masters course which utilizes R, I learned so much that Is helpful! I don't really like the AI recorded voice, the Inflections are a bit weird sometimes, but the content is great.
Good quality content and desirable startup content. However, there were some errors produced by the text-to-speech program/presentation (e.g. difference between words in the transcript and video, mispronounced words, and subtle mistakes in the subtitle)
An excellent introduction to r, rstudio, and the basic concepts and functions of github (online version control for personal or collaborative programming projects). Great course, informative videos, lots to do and experiment with, I highly recommend it!
Extremely helpful. It was detailed and at the same time brief, made sure I am able to connect with the content and learn in ways that will be useful in career.Also, the exams and exercises made sure that my concepts are deep rooted into me.Great Course.
Pretty easy and straight froward, for someone who is already familiar with Programming Editors, and Git shouldn't take 2 hours for him to finish this course including its project, so I guess it's an exciting start for someone who is new for Programming.
This course allowed me to understand the relationship between codes, repositories, version control and especially with RStudio to discover the infinite possibilities of using R and the knowledge received in the course of safely undertaking data science
In this course was proposed the outline of the specialisation, showing in a practical and interesting way some of the principal points in the path to be a Data Scientist, I was wondering by  the exposition and decide to finish the whole specialisation.
This was a very informative course and a good start to the Specialization. The course project I found to be very challenging, only because I am not familiar at all with Git and it took me a long while to figure out the right commands to perform tasks.
Some people might say that it has lots of theory, but I find that the theory is delivered in a way as succinct and impactful as possible within the short video time. Do read the written material to understand the intricacies of the in-material jokes!
Great introduction into the world of R! I have been completing this alongside the R Programming course and found the two go well together. Interesting to learn about version control and utilising Github, which I am sure will be valuable in the future
4.5/5. For a total beginner of data science, sometimes the lecture is hard to follow so I have to resort to several youtubes videos to complete the project. But the lecture is informative and well-structures, and the forum is very helpful. Thank you!
This first course of the specialization is extremely important for people like me who do not know nothing about programming, coding, computer data, etc. When I completed the course, I was more confident to continue with my idea to start a new career.
Really intimidating, but very attractive introduction of what lies ahead by portraying a true picture of what you would be involved with as a data scientist in future. Looking forward to the courses ahead in the specialisation. Thanks you so much!!
The course is very structured, simple and to the point. We get a very good introduction to all the tools that are used by the data scientist. This module is like a MAP of all the tools that we are going to learn & master to become a data scientist.
It was an interactive session. The introduction to the tools and the examples related to various models were relatable. I am glad to have joined this course. The peer graded assignment is a good option to learn different methods in problem solving.
The course is very good for the begineers I didn't have much knowledge about Data Science but this course gave me some of the basic ideas behind data science which is really helpful .Take this course before enrolling into any data science courses.
I got an overall idea that what I need to do before jumping into the bigger topics or even starting the real data science course. This is truely very important because people who don't have any idea about this topic needs to get an overview first.
Although the course structure is well designed, I would request the course designers to reduce the pace of the robot voice as she speaks very fast and an Indian I was struggling very hard to cope up with the speed. Please this is a humble request
I am not sure how to assess, I'm advanced in many cases and gaps in others. GIT is making me crazy b/c I can't see it but logic and flow of hub makes perfect sense due to extensive SAS/STATA coding experience and stats background overall pleased.
Great and very informative ! I strongly advice to anyone who wants to start  learning how to manage a data and be involve in data science field. This is an absolute course to become familiar with the essential software and technique to get start!
This is the first course in the Data Science Specialization series by Johns Hopkins University taught on Coursera. It introduces all the tools necessary for subsequent courses on data science and gives a driving motivation for the specialization.
This is the first course in my last few online courses of R where I learnt how to initiate Git and Github and do things in a very formal sequential manner. Very good for people who are not too technical in nature.  Simple and easy to understand.
Nice course, very complete, although being new to it I would have loved a longer lecture on thisas well as a practic examn or something similar with the objective of developing this skills sufficiently for future courses fron the specialization.
I have tried to learn a couple of times but due to busy work schedule i always left in the middle of a course or tutorial. However this course due to its interactive nature kept my attention. Finally i completed my first course in Data Science.
Course Structure is good. I could able to gain the basic knowledge & ideas about tools & questions Data Analysts work with, then could also get practical understanding about the sharing & version control tools.Looking Forward for other Courses.
Thank you very much for this course, this course helps me to have a good understanding on how a data scientist works and what are the different tools needed to work and collaborate with a different professional to work with a specific dataset.
Guides students through the basic tools all data scientists need and sets them up to both learn and apply them. A very good introduction that not only covers the theory behind data science but also shows how it can be used in the modern world.
I really loved the quality of the content being provided. I appreciate the fact that the courses have been designed for being beginner friendly, but at the same time it ensures that the student gets to know about all the relevant content too.
Excellent Course designed to learn insights relating data science using R software. basic Coding and analytics basics are taught in this course. Moreover learning relating how a data scientist can collaborate on GitHub is an added advantage.
This course was a lot of initial set up for the rest of the program.  Basically just setting up programs and getting accounts ready for future study.  All in all a good start, I expect material and course work will significantly pick up now
its a nice course to introduce you with the tools required ahead in this journey of data science learning. It helps you in taking that first important step for moving confidently ahead in this great learning. Keep up the good work coursera
Content is not so engaging but I think the new format (text-speech) will help improve the course delivery. Topics are discussed thoroughly and if a certain topic will not be discussed in detail, links to additional materials are provided.
Exactly what I wanted from an introduction. I feel prepared to begin the more challenging courses in this specialization.This course isn't so much a value-add on its own, but is designed to set students up for success in a specialization.
Though it was a ground basic skills, but yet solid to build upon. This course helped me a lot getting a clear picture of what is data & data science and the necessary tools required to analyize & generate actionable data. Thanks Coursera
This is really good course and overview about Data science. I had great start for course and Git and basic commands of Linux after several years. This course will definitely give me exposure to think in best future stream of IT industry
A great introduction to Data Science and the necessary tools required for the remaining course. Fairly simple, but more catered to a warm up for the remaining courses. Would encourage everyone to continue to complete the specialization.
A very good, organized, and interesting course that teaches you the fundamental introductory elements conserning data science, and helps you learn how to set up essential tools in order to begin learning R programing and using RStudio.
I thought this course gave a great introduction to the topics being covered in the Data Science Specialization. I think the only thing I would of liked to of seen is more case studies and maybe some more supplemental reading materials!
Eases into the world of Data science. I do not know if things are as equally easy as this in the future or is this the calm before the storm. Either ways, I'm very glad I took this step, and would recommend this to any one considering.
Content is sufficient for really beginners or who do not have previous experience . I learned about Data Science, Git and GitHub usage. I am planning to continue to next courses of John Hopkins University. Thank you for instructors:)
I like the instruction of connecting programming with Github. This is not taught in my other courses but being extra helpful for people who will work in the programming communities. The automated voice delivers contents efficiently.
The method of presenting the course is a dream come true for me! I am the type of person who can better learn by reading and always enjoyed the reading material of the course. A course containing solely the reading material is epic!
Great course for a beginner.  Very interesting introduction of Data Scientist’s Toolbox for self-learner in R like me.  This course really useful and do help to solve my problem in track changes and manage my code for time to time.
This course is very comprehensive and if you watch the video and try and follow all the links to webpages, publications, etc. and then try to connect the dots you really have a great start in data science. Not to be missed. Thanks.
Great intro course, really enjoy the self paced schedule.  As a busy professional, it is often hard to find time to commit to scheduled courses.  I am very grateful for Coursera, and all of the universities, who make this possible!
I came to start learning about R, and walked away with an understand of why I also need to learn R, Rstudio, Git, and Github.  I'm grateful that this course taught me how to set all of that up, in preparation for the next course!
The way of approaching and explaining the concept was really helpful for me.Nice way of approaching the concepts and problem-solving skills.The best part is that it shows a perfect example and explanation of ML and Data Science.
This is a concise and well-structured course for beginners of data science. I would recommend this new way of teaching (robotic voice hahaha) for other online lectures, as this is a new way to review and update course materials.
A good overview. Set the expectations for what will happen in the rest of the Data Science classes. Gave a lot of good, basic information for people that are not familiar with git, GitHub, Rstudio, and basic Linux/Unix commands.
Is a very nice course. Is very basic but exposes you to the tools most used in the trade. If you have any IT background you will not probably benefit that much, except in learning what kind of tools are relevant to data science.
This Course gives you the basic level of understanding of what is data science and its impacts on the market. You can know about Version Control and Tools like R - Studio. Overall as a beginner, i learnt a lot from this course.
If you have a background in IT you should get through this pretty fast, but it's still a well structured course with useful support in getting the basic tools set-up before the rest of the course. Clear, concise & to the point.
What an amazing course!!!!!!!!!At first I skipped this and started R Programming. But then I thought let me just check it once and I am really grateful that I started this. I am looking forward to complete whole specialization
It's a good introduction course! As part of a specialization, it fulfills its role. For those who don't have experience with programming and data science, it's a great place to start and so go through the rest of the courses.
As a beginner in Data Science, this course introduced me to various tools used and cleared various concepts. Lessons were easy to understand and use of AWS Polly made it more fun. I would highly reccomend taking this course.
The illustration is exhaustive , step by step teaching you how to set up R RStudio and GitHub. A really great foundation course for who is interesting in those software and may think of data analyst as a future professional.
Got to know the big picture of what is data scientist and what they are doing; Set up the tools and account of git hub; the instructions of how to collaborate and share codes and views among co-workers are especially useful.
This was a great first and foundational course to the Data Science Specialization. The lectures and course materials were very clear and the being my first course on Coursera, it was a great introduction to Coursera as well.
I usually watch my online videos in 1.5 - 2x speed. But because of the robotic voice used, I found this slightly difficult. However, the content was great and this is a course that I would highly recommend beginners to take
A good intro to data science. Highly recommend. Might be somewhat straightforward for those already using GitHub and other computing resources, but a good intro to the field of data science and the key ideas surrounding it.
This is a really good way to start in Data Science. The course is easy to follow, it has many exercises and practices. And you can also study by your own and get more knowledge and feel more and more confident with data job
A good introduction into Data Science that is both inspiring and motivational. A stepping stone in the world of Data and a powerful foundation for acquiring more knowledge and understanding larger concepts within the field.
This course was very difficult for me at first not so much the github portion but the git part for some reason but I did read more about it and got so I knew and understand it now.  Pretty valuable to have this information.
The written instructions are very systematic and neat for me to procedurally complete my assignment and quizzes.  Thank you for being presenting your lectures and lab sessions systematically and clear with perfect English.
It gives me an immense pleasure to be a part of the course "The Data Scientist’s Toolbox ". It built basic knowledge on tools needed to become a Data Scientist. With the knowledge built and setup I would like move further.
Very well structured and informative course. I started by watching the videos however I found the automated voice somewhat annoying so I switched to reading the lecture notes only, which was very comprehensive on its own.
This is an awesome course for those who are learning the fundamentals of data science. The course offers useful lessons on basics of R programming, RStudio, and linking them with Github to create and manage repositories.
Good course for anyone new beginners with a good explanation. The assignments and quiz urge students to go through the toolkit. But the automated voice could be is a bit faster. I would appreciate it if can be changed.
This course was a totally new subject for me but I truly enjoyed this course. The instructors had done a good job of providing a detailed step-by-step guide to the students on learning the course materials. Thank you.
Good intro course! I never understood github well until I took this course. Now I understand how version control works and how it can link with Rstudio. I look forward to the next course and putting the tools to use.
This was a great introduction into a Data Scientist Tool Box. While I did enrolled formally in the class it provided me with the knowledge to understand better Data Science.  I would definitely recommend this course.
It is an excellent course, it is very well explained and I understood it well even though my native language is not English.Congratulations to those who developed this course to Johns Hopkins and Coursera.Thank you.
This is a wonderfully productive introduction to the Data Scientist Specialization. The course and materials are clearly organized, and the tools needed were easy to find and the final assignment was very practical.
This course is a great "get your feet wet" introduction to data science.  If you're thinking about becoming a data scientist or are simply curious about the profession, The Data Scientist's Toolbox is a great start!
The Course content is great but the reading part sucks. I literally had to zoom in my browser window to be comfortable read the stuff. And then zoom out to do other stuff. Coursera kindly work on the reading part!
Fantastic! There is no doubt i took away a lot of valuable information from this course, it will be very beneficial.There is no point in expounding upon how well organized it is, overall, it is a great experience.
Well structured, enjoyed mix of content and regular quizzes.  Peer review was my first experience of this - love the idea!  Clever and appropriate use of voice technology - food for thought for my future projects!
A bit on the speedy side, I hope things will be explained slower and in details in the next 9 courses, however, I cannot complain about the quality of the lectures, they are surgically precise and always on point!
I learned so much from this course, not only on R, but aslo on the fundamental knowledge of Big data. Thank you so much for the course and materials. They are really helpful for beginners in statistical analysis.
This is one of the best platform to get into the data science field. As a fresher i learned a lot from coursera.I did this course and got a knowledge on this field it's really amazing to be a part of this course.
The course gradually introduces you to new R concepts in a natural manner.  I highly recommend the Swirl exercises.  Nothing beats exercises that have you actually coding yourself instead of watching just videos.
An Excellent Course!. I learnt the foundations of Data Scientist and how to set up the tools for a begginner. I think is a good course to get started in Data Science in short and with R in a very Begginer Level.
Although I still have trouble fixing my GitHub language on the terminal, the course is still informative and helpful. Can't wait to assess more programming language and explore more function that R can process.
I am new to the entire concept of data science and coding. I found this course very useful in giving an overall basic overview to the concept. It is easy to understand and clear. I found it to be of great help.
This Course is very well structured and paced which makes students to analyse and understand things in a smooth and efficient way also this course provides enough intro towards big data and data analysis tools
Basic intro but good material and refreshers.  Git lesson is great for those of us that haven't been in that environment for a while or have never been there to start with.  Looking forward to the next course!
Awesome course! I would say, I was dreaded github, it never made sense to me but now I know what it is, the course covers super basics and I recommend everyone who is new to data science or even new to coding.
This is a very valuable course for the biology or health research background students or scientists who have great interest in data and analysis can learn and explore newer skills. Very well structured course.
All information given in this course is very basic overview about Data Scientist. It covers basic requirements at macro level and helped me to understand what is Data Scientist. Great course to start with it.
Most helpful for those who don't exactly know what they are doing and need help setting up R, R Studio, GitHub, and Git. Be warned, o actual programming here. However, I definitely appreciate what I learned.!
It's really a great introduction to know the very basic things of Data Science. This course will be useful in setting-up the required tools of R programming on your computer. For the beginners this is a must.
I found this course is very helpful and I am new to Data Science but this course help me to get my fundamentals very well organize and I am looking forward to compete all Data Science Specialization courses.
Though this is robotic voice course but the content organisation is very well and illustrative for even a beginner. Topics are well covered and the software installation processes are also cleared very well.
The contents of the course were excellent, and every bit of instruction was to the point. The idea of providing the text version of the video was apparent. The voice of the narrator could be a little better.
I loved the support of the Coursera, throughout this course and the way of unfolding a course all the way through till the end!Really loved each and every aspect of the whole cream.Thanks and love, Coursera!
It was an amazing course. The versioning of code during development is something that Data Scientist new to the trade are unaware of . It was good to have this knowledge of how to do versioning through Git.
Nice balance between giving me the info I needed to complete the course and homework and providing links to materials and suggestions on how  to find answers that were not explicitly covered in the videos.
I loved this class. The lessons were concise and very well planned, the information clear and easy to grasp and it gave me a very good perspective of what the rest of the specialization is going to entail.
Thank you so much for the great course! Looking forward to taking the rest of the classes in the specialization. I really love the GitHub info, lectures overall, as well as the Textbooks you have provided.
This course is wonderful. Very detailed. My main concern with MOOCs is the data consumed by videos but the videos here are so light. I don't have to worry about the size and I played them more than once.
A well structured course. At first you feel like there is nothing interesting but later on, I enjoyed this and boost my confidence. Only minus point was sound in video, it should have been real persons'.
This course will probably be too easy if you already know about data science but it is perfect for neophytes who do not have the tools and the codes of data science yet. I strongly recommend this course!
Good introductory course and easy to follow to have basic understanding on Data Science and R programming language and how to use and interlink between R, RStudio, GitHub and the rest of the tools used.
I've been using SAS and Visual Basic as primary data manipulation tools from my very first job to date. I wanted to learn R/RStudio and this course provided a very good introductory learning experience.
A great start to the world of data science. Love the idea of duplicating videos with text courses. I'm saving all texts to a folder for future use - this is a gold mine! Great job on the course, people!
This a a nice introductory course for approaching data science domain. The instructor and course materials are very good to understand the basic concepts of the tools required for data science projects.
This is an introductory course which will give support in setting up all the basic tools for datascience like github. This course also discuss the basic features of datascience and statistical analysis
This first module for the course is a great step in learning the fundamentals of Data Science. The RStudio and GitHub classes are excellent. I now have a starting point to mastering those environments!
This is a very important courase for the basics of all the software, tools and concepts regarding Data Science. I learned a lot with this course and the lecture is quite sufficient for the basic of it.
This course helps people attain the basic knowledge of the tools that are to be used while creating scripts. It also emphasizes the value of community feedback, which helps us learn in a better manner.
I would like to thank Coursera and Johns Hopkins University for the course, I learned new things in the course which I think is the next step which can help me to accomplish my future goals.Thank you.
Nice Course. Basics are very well taught in this course.Thank you JHU and Coursera for this course. I have decided to donate 10% of my first salary to coursera once I am complete this and get intern.
Pretty easy, and never felt like it was a struggle to find the information that was needed.  Basically a setup course for out things you'll need for the likes of R Programming and Data Science work.
This course is perfect for pure beginners, because it introduces the student to what Data Science really is and what a skills and knowledge a student should possess in order to be a Data Scientist.
Good Data Science Tools foundation course. You get your hands dirty a bit and you get to learn how to solve some issues with resources. Great practical experience on top of the knowledge additions.
Good introductory course. Gives you an insight into the courses and topics which you will come across in the future. Would recommend this for beginners who want to get an insight into data science.
It covers pretty much everything basic required to start your journey in field of Data Science. It is not very difficult to understand, thereby boosting your confidence to give Data Science a try.
This course is engaging and difficult to put down.  I was obsessed with completing this each week and actually finished a bit earlier.  I consider myself nontechnical but the format was well done.
A great introduction to some of the tools of a Data Scientist. Just enough information to get you going, but still leaves enough mystery so that some investigating and problem solving is required.
The Data Scientist's Toolbox is a comprehensive, yet succinct introduction to the wide variety of resources needed for Data Science. The delivery method is fantastic and the pacing is just right.
Really great course for people who never touched R, RStudio, Git and GitHub before. Plus an introduction about what data science really is, to help decide whether it is a world you want to be in.
Nice course, it gets you started. Maybe they could lower the price for the verified certificate (let's say 10$) since it's just an introduction. Thanks for making me discover the world of Github!
Excellent course to get started in Data Science. This course provides a very good introduction to basic concepts, and the software (freeware) available for anyone who want to learn data science.
Good course if you want to learn how to use GitHub but haven't been able to learn it yet. Also provides a feel for what Data Scientists do. A must do course to move ahead towards specialization.
Great intro! This course provides the perfect amount of information to get you started - to complete the assignments you have to do a little digging, as you should to actually learn the content!
For someone like me who is not a programmer, I find the course quite explanatory enough and the forum fully helpful, most of the discussions already answered my questions before I even ask them.
It was great learning..and i was able to insall softwares as well..But i need an help.I was not able to find forum where i can chat with my peers.Can you please share those details.Thanks,Aakash
This was a really well-organized course. I have learnt a lot about data science, big data, R language, Git and Github and I am confident that I can use this knowledge in my professional field.
Great course, useful and easy to embrace! However, the robotic voice is sometimes difficult to perceive, but there are always text files which help a lot to overcome this kind of difficulties!
This course was a wonderful introduction to data science techniques and methodologies. I greatly recommend it for anyone that is taking their first steps to a career in the data science field.
The course is primarily aimed to get you primed and set-up for the other courses in the Data Science Specialization.    This is a fairly lightweight course and can be completed pretty quickly.
Thank you for this super happy course. I appreciate your support throughout this course. Thank you for sharing the best lifelong learning in my journey of Data Science. Very nice instruction.
great course！the peer work is great so that I can learn from the others and find out whether I am on the right track or not! Thanks for having the resources here and I really enjoy the class!
At first the automated videos felt out of place, but it's totally worth it since they can easily keep updating their content which they do keep updated and full of relevant/recent references.
This course provided a smooth segway for an older student just learning R, and getting back into "school". It was great preparation for the subsequent intermediate-level R course.  Thank you!
The course content is very smooth and it has given me confidence to learn a coding language in which I don't have any background. I am very happy to finish this preliminary yet useful course
If you think you can skip this one and start with R Programming, I would strongly disagree with you unless you are familiar with the subject and know what you are doing. Nice course overall.
This course is just what i needed to get started. very well designed and right to the point. the quizzes and project make you get comfortable with different scientific tools needed further.
It was a great course, however, I do not apprecciate having to wait on other people to grade my assignment so I can complete my course. This is overall unfair, unefficient and time wasting.
Great intro course.  I wished I knew how much time the final project would take up front.  Takes longer than expected as had to go to the courses a few time and online to research the info.
extremely helpful as a first step in the data science career path. Also doesn't need previous experience, You just need to be present and search for more knowledge to pass your assignments
This course was delivered in very Lucid language, helpful to the beginners. Quizzes and Assignments made it very much interactive and helped in understanding the topic clearly. Thank you.
Greate course! It gets you started with all you need for the remainder of the certificates and teaches you the basics of all the most common tools a Data Scientist uses. Highly recommend.
the contents were designed very well. and the tools like rstudio and version control is good to know coz it will be used most of the time in the life of a data analyst and data scientist.
Very Informative but the quiz 1 had alot of issue some correct anwser came wrong so it was confusing i was doing the quiz for more than 3 times.  Please check the anwers.**Thannks Mr Toro
Loved the format, I did find that in some cases I did need to use google and stackoverflow to get some answers forcing me to learn the subject.  Overall I enjoyed my first Coursera class.
Very helpful! And so well structured to start knowing the tools that as Data Scientists we will be using daily. The GitHub section is so useful too as a definitive way to start using it.
This course is a great place for ground-up introduction to the rudiments of a Data Scientists tool box. and its very good. Thank you Team from Johns Hopkins and Common wealth of Learning
It is a great course to learn about all the possibilities there are on the data science field and what tools are available right now to work on this area. The perfect introductory course
This course is about the what you need to be capable of to become a Data Scientist and it may seem that it is too basic, but you can't just build a house without having the right ground.
Genuine assessment by Coursera; Happy to enroll; Project is bit tricky to understand; There should be more questions in Quiz at the end of every week so that we can get more practice....
It would be nice if at the beginning of the course we are given an idea about how the final test will come.  I really did struggle to get an idea and I went back to the previous lessons.
This was a good course that started me on the right foot towards data science. I liked learning about version control, GitHub and git. Awesome lecture videos and nice to see AI at work.
As an introduction to the data science tracking system, the course itself is superb in terms on the way it was outline especially to students like me who is new to this kind of subject.
Pretty straight forward class. Walks you through all the information you need to start programming in R. I still refer back to it every once in a while, going through the later classes.
I have just started  the course but so far the videos and education background references are exceptional. I highly review this website and university for its great learning experience.
Thank you very much for this course! It was very interesting and well structured! I will definitely continue my study of Data Science! Thank you to all people who prepared this course!
Fairly straightforward, good general overview of data science, how to install the appropriate tools, very simple introduction to the most basic elements of the language and environment
It very helpful course for first steps in data science. Moreover, It helps me knew about git, github and command line. Thanks to professors for handy materials and interesting quizzes.
This course is very interesting. Even you don't know the basic knowledge in R studio  or Git and Githubs, you can  learn and be competent. Well structured course for DATA SCIENTIST :)
This is an amazing course for me to understand what tools a data scientists use . Gave a lot knowledge about Rstudio and many other things. Thank You so much Coursera for this course.
This course is an amazing and practical intro into the data science and R program and is exceptionally critical for beginners who seek to dive further into data science in the future.
This course is a primer on setting up the various environment required for learning Data science with R language. You can expect to learn the basics of Git and Github. R and R studio.
Absolutely fantastic way to start off a data science course. You dont need to be a techie for this, just common sense and you are all set. Cant wait to start the R Programming course.
After completing the course 1, I feel less fear to get on this field.  The course explained the foundation of the data science is.  It made me more comfortable to continue the course.
Excellent course giving a high level view of Data Science and the tools that will be used in the course. The AI instructor voice is a bit weird but you get used to it pretty quickly.
A great introduction to data science and also to the R Studio environment. R Studio is going to be very used through this specialization, so it is very useful to be familiar with it.
Leveling course to start in the discipline of data science very interesting. It contextualizes in a simple and objective way the necessary tools and environment for a data scientist.
Great Introduction to the tool's we'll need.  I like it as a separate class rather than trying to get new tools to work or obtain new material on a timeline during the other classes.
Course teaches how to acquire the tools necessary to complete the Data Science specialization. Explanations were clear, and quizzes and assignments were straightforward to complete.
Don't just rely on the lectures.  Use this course to introduce you to a bunch of tools that you'll need when doing data science, and then go study these tools in depth on your own.
Great background on R and GitHub in general to prepare students like me when jobs require people to edit and improve their own project. Pacing is very good. Comprehensive as well.
Awesome introduction to the field of data science.. good foundations that will definitely take me far as a data scientist contributing more responsively to improved health metrics
A brief but comprehensive fly-over of the specialisation, topped off with some software previews and installations. Bit of practical hands-on and we're good to go. 1 down 9 to go!
This course was a very good intro to Data science for someone coming from a background with little coding experience. The instructors were engaging and assignments were practical.
I had so much fun learning from this course. I think this course has been constructively laid out and the quality of the presented materials are at it best for such a vital field.
Excellent Course. It is the foundation course for the beginners who wants to learn Data Science. Thank you for the Johns Hopkins and the teachers who have prepared this syllabus.
Excellent course. I am happy to have enrolled in this specialization and look forward to the rest of the courses. I liked how each topic was covered in video and text. Brilliant!
This course is very good for somebody who don't have any experience for data handling.I think it gives me much help to let me go another step further in the road of data science.
Good course, but maybe this course and the following course R programming could be combined into an 8 weeks course as that one is took longer than 4 weeks and this one took less.
A great little course, quite basic but very informative if you - like me - do not have a lot of knowledge on the subject. It can be taken in a day if you have some time to spare.
This course was a great start. It was simple enough to follow, I guess the real deal is in future courses. Definitely leaves a good impression for the rest of the specialization!
Overall, a very nice introduction to the basic concepts. Although I've worked with R before, there were still things that I've never heard before (mainly Github and R Markdown).
While this course is basic, it tells everything you need for the following ones. I'd add some more Git basics (other than read their documentation which is indeed a good point).
awesome course for learning data science and R.It is really helpful for beginners who wanna start or learn data science.Recommended for anyone who knows basic programming ideas.
An excellent course about how to generate information from raw data, its an age compatible course that's help to see the future world with more real way that is based on facts.
Thank you so much Coursera for providing this course from reputed university it is honor and privilege to get these learnings it will enhance my skill and helpful in my career.
I found it very much convenient apart from Automated Video lectures. I believe teaching by prof will have much more impact on us. Indeed I liked the course.Thank you very much.
Class was cool. I have meaning to learn how to use git, github etc.  I think version control is very valuable.  That is definitely the thing that I got most out of this course.
This course helps to understand the usage of R with RStudio and Git integration with RStudio.I Recommend this course to all those aspirants who are moving towards Data Science.
Everrything is good but how do I access some links in the video. The PDF files I download, also don't seem to have it. Unless it is a problem with my adobe reader - let me know
I liked very much, brought lots of information according to Data Science. Thanks! I appreciate a lot the first course and preparing myself to participate of the others courses.
Maybe a little slow if you already have some technical exposure, but pretty straight forward and easy to follow if you don't. A well balanced class in my not so humble opinion.
This course is great, mainly for people without any experience in the field as it is very basic and introductory, I'm very anxious to see how we are going to advance from here!
This course is the first step to dive into the data science course. One finds a lot of videos about how to create and use the tools to carry out the specialization.  Great job!
Great first course of the whole specialization! This basic one is very important for later study because "Grinding a chopper will not hold up the work of cutting firewood" : )
Great overview to all the skills and applications we will be using later in the Data Science Specialization. It is brief but was great to get an overview of R, github, etc ...
I found the course really useful. It helped me to develop a basic understanding of Data Science. I'm really looking forward to continue with the remaining courses. Thank you.
Nice introduction to many basic tools and concepts that are substantial to the work of a data scientist. Also, a good start for a person encountering MOOC for the first time.
Thorough grounding in the basics. Even a novice like me could grapple with it, even though it did not come naturally, all the information was accessible for tasks. Thank you.
It's quite challenging learning this course being a biotechnologist.  With coursera, the concepts and skills which I learned can be directly applied to my field of research.
This is an introductory course. This helps those who are starting from the absolute basis level, and the course does a good job with regard to getting the feel of the tools.
Great Introductory course on Data Science. Would have been better if it covered a little more. But as the first course in the specialization, it covers all the basic fields.
Fantastic introduction to a topic I always found daunting. Thanks to everyone involved for preparing such an informative and soft approach to a hard topic like data science.
Very simplistic and could be covered in a handout as part of another course. Unfortunate that this is a requirement of the specialization, otherwise I would have skipped it.
Very good course, it gives a good start at data science and gives a good explanation about version control and linking Git and Github with RStudio, which is very important.
A pretty good introductory course to Data Science, delivers the good tools to know the environment, the main theory and some useful guide to how resolver incoming problems.
Interactive, informative, valuable course for beginners who wants to make career in data science and analysis. Learned data analysis tools and introduction on data science.
Very nice course to present a panorama of what is data science as well as the main tools used. I strongly recommend buy the "Elements of Data analytics style" From J. Leek.
This was a great experience for me, I would personally recommend every data science aspirant to take this course  before starting  with programming in R or Python language.
Give a brief and concise introduction to many of the tools a data scientists should be familiar with. It serves as a good starting point for someone getting into the field.
As a novice to data science, this was an excellent introduction into the (very) basics behind how to get started in the field. Great way to begin an education in this area.
I think that the course was great for a beginner. It explained things clearly and went through things step by step. While a lot was covered, it wasn't overwhelming at all.
The Course Is well structured for beginners.The course content is well detailed and easy to understand.Quiz Modules are well designed with the pace of the course duration.
An excellent course to start data science, it will clear all your doubts and help you to know main points related to data science and tool any data scientist would require
This course is beautifully designed to introduce to the very basic concepts of how Data science courses begin. This is very much a Toolbox for an aspiring Data Scientist.
Excellent course for Data Science Program and aspirants of the Technology. Periodic assignments and follow up activities would help in mastering the subject of analytics.
It was nice but I would say could have been better if the instructor would have shown more interest in his delivery and focused more on essential stuff. Thank you anyway.
It was a very detailed course and the mentors absolutely exceptional. The extra exercises really helped achieve a better understanding of how to use the tools. Thank you!
An encouraging first step towards the world of data science. Perfectly designed for beginners, I would strongly recommend to all the newcomers of the data science field.
Carefully curated and riveting course for a data science newbie, this course provides a sound fundamental for anyone willing to learn and build a career in data science.
Great introduction to Data science. Can be a little more informative in terms of Data science for someone who is only taking one course and not the whole specialization.
This course helps me to understand the fundamentals of data science & R programming. I'll definitely recommend this course for beginners who interested in data science.
A great introduction to Data Science with R. It teaches the basic concepts to start with data analysis and show how to set the tools up to start working professionally.
This course really gives a good overview of tools data scientists will find useful.  It can actually be completed in a very short time (less than a week) fairly easily.
I liked it a lot. It set me up to start learning R with confidence and, from not knowing anything last week to now having a basic understanding of it all is gratifying.
What a great course. For being a data scientist is not enought to know the algoritms but the correct tools to share your results, so, this course results very practical
This is a nice, thorough and clear introduction to Data Science. The instructor provides all the details to get started in this specialization. Can't wait to continue!
This Course helped me to understand the foundation skills. I practiced on GitHub with assignments and now I feel the flavor of getting things done in a systematic way!
Nicely put together simple course for beginners and experienced as well. by starting with the basics they make sure  to create interest rowing in you as you go along.
Great foundation.   I was able to crank through it fairly quickly (I have a Unix background).   I'm excited to go through the rest of the Data Science Specialization.
It's a good introduction. The automated videos voice can be a little monotonous but not as bad as some professors I had in college. The lectures are well structured.
Fantastic course.  For new students, I would recommend to take extra time to read the materials contained within the hyperlinks/references in the training materials.
Excellent introduction to the necessary toolbox for a Data Scientist. Precise and easy-to-understand lectures. Efforts of all the instructors are highly appreciated.
I really enjoy al the effort was put into this course, very good explanations, interesting topics. The enthusiasm of the tutor really helps to keep myself motivated.
Great course for budding researchers. I'm really grateful to this platform for making such an initiative and making a great success for so many years and continuing.
A nice introduction to the Johns Hopkins Data Scientist Specialization. It doesn't involve much work, but I am more excited about the rest of the specialization now.
It is a very good introduction course for those who are new in data science. This gives you a list of services and software that you need to do well in data science.
I am delighted I took this course.  It gave me confidence to continue in the full certification program.  I was able to learn the information stated in the syllabus.
The way the course depicted syllabus and classes and tests is awesome. It is much easier and understandable.thanks for such a course.now It was one of my best ones.
Good course with plenty of information on the Toolbox required to be a Data Scientist. Also, good for getting to know your toolbox and how to tinker around with it!
I liked the fact that only nominal numbers of tools are explained with clear reasons. So, I can trust the recommendations and spend my time on learning these tools.
Great basic information (or review) of the basics needed for data science.  The short videos allowed me to break up the weekly work into easily manageable segments.
It's a fantastic journey! It explains the foundation of Data Science and introduce the R environment. It's a systematic lecture and it's helpful for the beginners!
A great introduction to Data Science. Excellent explanation, content and assignment for beginners. Looking forward to complete more courses in this specialization.
Good starting block for those who are new to sharing software development.  I'm a tactile learner and it enabled me to do that as I progressed through the courses.
The videos were thorough and clear. This made learning easier. I also appreciate the informational tid bits about the data science field, including the history. :)
Very fundamental but also covers essential materials. Friendly level of difficulty which motivates you to learn. Recommend to everyone who is new to Data Science.
Good general overview and introduction to the command line interface, Git and GitHub.  The quick overview of types of data science questions was very informative.
The course is very clearly structured, and it provided an excellent start into the courses that follow within the specialization. Love the automated videos, too!
thanks for this course it is a good step for the start from scratch move and it will help to keep going after this start throw R Language and Data science track.
Very insightful and a good place to start by having an understanding of the tools involved in Data Science, looking forward to the next step which is learning R.
Very well narrated with needed information. Here and there some 30 sec video is repeated. Otherwise a great course to know whether its what we want to do pursue.
Excelent introduction. I like how you need to explore the content to do the last part (pushing into GitHub). Great illustration on how to learn about these tools
This course is very essential for those students who think that where we start to be a data scientist in future. This course is great for start in data science.
The course is smooth and exciting and the lecturers know what they are doing very well , I highly recommend this course for everybody interested in Data Science
I fell very good with this training in fact it is very well explained an in a way a person like me ( non English native language ) easy to catch the instruction
Course provides amazing understanding of data and how it works in real world and what importance it has in core areas like healthcare and many other businesses.
This was a great starter for me. I have very little experience with Data Science, especially the practical work. This provided the foundation I was looking for.
Its level of difficulty and simplicity is extraordinary well balanced. Totally recommend this course and probably will recommend the whole especialisation too!
Good as a first course. Breaks up the content so that you can understand straight out of the gate if you will have an issue with the tools and software or not.
Interesting and straightforward introduction to main concepts of data science. Gives comprehensive outlook on complexity of working with data and analyzing it.
Best course for beginners, Recommend it to everyone. Thanks a lot for the efforts of the mentors that they put in to create this great course for introduction.
Simple straight forward. It did push me enough to be interesting but not enough to make me give up because it was over my head. Nice step-by-step instructions.
This was a great introduction to data science. It provides an overview of the science in general, and the course provides all the tools needed to move forward.
Excellent course, well organized and very pedagogic. Requires homework and motivation, but really adapted to someone not in the field, thanks to the teachers !
Great course, it was very clear and can be understood easily. It provides a great base for starting an intro to the field of data science. It helped me a lot.
Definitely some whirlwind action through the Terminal at times, but sets up some important frameworks and capabilities before moving to more advanced content.
Excellent course for the beginners. The course does justice in every manner. Superb platform to move on to the remainder of the courses in the specialization.
Serves as a great intro for data science (not that I'm an expert yet), and a good resource for making sure you have R and Git up and running on your computer.
Well paced and with excellent videos (and supporting textbook). This course provides a great insight into what is possible with Data Science and how to begin.
The first course of the Data Science Specialization is relatively easy, but reviews and puts in place everything that will be needed in the following courses.
This course is very interactive and user friendly for someone who is not a programmer and has limited programming language experience. I am very happy so far!
It was very well explained. proved very helpful for me to understand the basics of what a data scientist needs to know about data, data science and analytics.
Really enjoyed the course and Jeff Leak's clear presentation.  Feel ready and excited to go and learn even more about Data Science starting with R Programming
very informative. I was able to grasp the material even though I had no prior background knowledge on the subject. I would definitely recommend this subject.
A great intro to setting up R, R studio, and Git, and basic data science courses that allow students to build to more in-depth content in subsequent courses.
Gave me confidence to use toolboxes available to work with Data Science problems.Assignment were not too complicated and I like the way course was conducted.
As the first course of data science, I feel it is very clear and attracts me to do further study, I cannot wait to continue my journey of data scientist now.
I like how the course is structured. I learned a lot. I was able to set up a github account and download R, R studio and all the tools I need to get started.
Great introduction to the different statistical software packages, Git/Github, intro to data science terminology, and basic command functions to get started.
This course was a quick and easy introduction to the Data Science Specialization.  I am looking forward to taking the other courses related to Data Science.
Good start in data science, I learned basic principles of R, using RStudio, integration with GitHub and also basic principles of Data Science and Big Data.
In this course I have studied the basic tools which will be used further in Data Science specialization. It was not difficult, but was very clear and brief
Clear instructions for the practical work. The option to use the text file or video was a great way to differentiate learnings for different content types.
Learned a lot of really useful stuff about version control with GitHub that I had not encountered in my PhD training , but that seems crucial for industry.
It was an informative experience, learned loads about basics of Data Science and the introduction to R was really helpful especially for beginners like me.
It's the best course i have come across. If someone want to become a data analyst, this is the true platform for him/her to show what he/she is capable of.
Excellent introduction to Data Science, I've learned a lot and I have installed R and R Studio. Finally, I have all books to study. Thanks you very much!!!
This is a very elementary course for those who would like to start learning about Data Science. Absolute basics from which you can build up your knowledge.
Great intro. Having no coding background, this was still a good blend of being shown the basics but still having to figure out a few tiny things on my own.
Very good course. I initially thought of earning a simple certificate. But I really learnt R, Rstudio and Github installations and did simple coding also.
Thank you so much for this course....And anyone who wants to develop thier carrier in datascience must go to this course you will definetly get success...
Although the computerized voice wasn't an issue. the still images could be updated to animations so that students can better understand what is being done
The instructor taught each and everything in such a simple manner that people with no background in programming would also understand the concepts easily.
Excellent Course with simple and informative materialsthe educational process very helpful and the approach to build the knowledge and skill is remarkable
I think it is a good introduction to the data science specialization. It made me understand a sufficient concept about the courses of this specialization.
It is a simple and good course; starting from the tools you require, going through the installation , githhub and other basic items required to progress t
It's a good introductory course to get those who are unfamiliar with this topic and type of learning environment acclimated with the necessary skill sets.
This course is very easy to follow, even for a first-timer like me. I recommend it to everyone who wants to develop their basic skills in R data science.
A perfect introductory course to get started with R and data analysis - simple enough to not lose interest or momentum but with all the relevant content.
informative and detailed.explained simply and efficiently by the lecturer.for someone with bad learning difficulties it was easy to follow and understand
A wonderful course to get you started on getting the basic tools and packages of R installed on your PC. Highly recommended for first time learners of R.
Love the exposure to Command Line Interface (CLI), Git, Gitbash and R. Will recommend it to anyone that wants a career in any computer/mathematics field.
This is the best possible start a person can get in the field of data science.I was worried about how i would get off to a good start.Thank you mentors!
Great and helpful course to get started with R programming. Highly recommended for someone wanting to get in to R and understand how the language works,
I found this course to be very useful in shaping my analytics career. Many thanks to coursera for provinding me the financial aid to pursue this course.
Very nice to receive such an in-depth overview of the entire course before starting. Also: great instructions on how to get help, I'm sure I'll need it!
This course is very helpful! It gave all the tools and showed me what to study and practice to become a data scientist. It is a very good way to start.
Includes very basic stuff like setting up a github account, installing software etc: so I guess that's great if thats' not something you've done a lot.
Excellent instruction, step by step coverage of topic in easy to understand terms.  Support study material is very good and useful for quick reference.
Wonderful tools were taught. Good course. The presentation of the tools was appropriate to get started quickly with these tools. Thank you Instructors.
Excellent, for professionals like me, this basics concepts help us a lot to be involve in the process to understand and manage the Data Science world.
A step-by-step guide which helps beginners understand the course content. It has helped me develop an interest in completing all the relevant courses.
Its good platform to learn new skills.Everything is understandable.we can learn so much through this .its a good platform for begineers also.Thank you
It is great at offering multiple ways of delivering the necessary information to be successful in the course. It allows you to go at a managable pace.
Nice kick off for this program where you get all the tools needed to work along the program. Install and configure the tools is really well explained.
Brilliant lecture! After this I have got a general idea about what I need to learn to become a data analyst. And the lecture's quality is pretty high.
An excellent introduction to Data Science. A must to all newbies - the course is engaging and full of real examples. The readings are a must, as well!
Really good, with basis for the next steps in statistics. For me the most interesting thing is the Github software and it functions and possibilities.
A good intro course - however, it's up to one's own initiative to work independently in order to test out what you've learned from the video lectures.
A great introductory course to start the Data Science journey with R Programming language and GitHub as well. Thank You to all the mentors and peers.
Very helpful for a starter! Not only set me up for further learning, also gave me an overview of the whole data science work and how to carry it out.
I love how the the notes compliments the video. The notes is well linked to extra notes which really help to enhance my understanding on the lecture.
Super beginner friendly. Everyone taking up this specialization and no background of software development or programming should follow this strictly.
I have read the books, they are free and very informative.Just 40mins in Coursera are equal to more than 5 hours (2 classes) in "brick-mortar" class.
A great introductory course that requires no prior knowledge is fully in video format and lets you get an overview of what data science is all about.
The course is very usefull, making clear the principles of data science, and your basic tools. Instructors are also very clear in their explanations.
I give 5 stars to the course because it offers different perspective to my current job and I'm looking forward to learn more to the upcoming modules.
I have never learned programming and totally new to this field. However, this course really served its purpose of teaching me the data science tools.
Great course as it shows you the basics of what the Data Scientist needs. It is easily understood and you can review lessons after you have taken it.
Very basic, but gets you up and running with R, Git, and Github. I was self-taught, so this course was good to consolidate and refresh on the basics.
It's a great course to introduce some data science topics. All the contents are very explained and I'm excited to learn more in this specialization.
Course was quite amazing but i had problem with computer voice it was fast and I was not use to it due to which my last assignment was not that good
The Data Scientist's Toolbox was a great course. There was effective exposure to each of the elements that will be of importance to Data Scientists.
Actually I have learnt many important think especially GitHub and R Studio linkage. Great Course. Thanks Coursera  and JOHN HOPKINS University......
It is a nice course, week 1 is quite tough.So i would recommend going through week 2 if you are stuck there.Hope to see everyone make it to the end.
This course is a very crisp and concise overview of what data science is and what are the tools one would need to be successful as a Data Scientist.
I am very new to programming world.  It was really nice experience to begin with the tool set up and understand the basic concepts or R programming.
This is an excellent work done by the Coursera people for letting the interested ones and dezire ones to be in technical line throughout the course.
Jeff did a wonderful job with respect to his teaching style(pace,course structure,concise).I've recommended this specialization to my peers as well!
Very helpful. Thank you very much for this initiative. Elements that I did not know exist and useful to launch a career in data science. Keep it up.
I think that it is a very well structured course and that in an orderly way it allows to go through the concepts of Data Science, Rstudio and GItub
This is a very useful course. I learned all kind of things that I really not have idea and that can be very useful in my academic and laboral life.
Very good ground floor introduction to Data Science and the tools and types of questions one will face. Information was helpful and concise. Bravo!
Thank you for the opportunity of taking this course.  It was challenging for me. I found it to be very user friendly and inviting to investigation.
Very good for the people who would like to know the working of R and Git from the scratch. The articulation between them is beautifully presented .
A really interesting course, and also, basic and simple. The lectures are a little fast though. I hope I would continue this course if I have time.
Excellent course to get started. But whish I could move to other courses in parallel without having to wait for the R Programming course to finish.
Very nice introductory course! It will be better to give us more hands-on projects & the solutions rather than Q&A tests in the middle. Thank you!
I am a Brazilian, I am still studying my degree. I'm starting my DataScience career and this first course in the series proved to be really early.
It was easy to understand, though I'm not a graduate of Statistics, but because of the lessons and the technique used, I understand it. Thank you!
The course gives a good overview of the tools a data scientist will be involved with and lays the ground for the more complex courses that follow.
It's very useful course for people with no programming background. Gives a good review of Git and GitHub. Also I have processed my first commit :D
Very nice course. Talks about setting up GitHub and R etc. required for Data Science projects and key issues to address in a data science problem.
I had no previous knowledge in Data Science, this course was an appropriate introduction. I learnt a lot, it is a good start point for beginners.
Its been a great thing that i am learning the data science and thanks to the Jhon Hopkings university to giving me a such good platform to learn.
A detailed explanation of installing R and setting up the environment.. A perfect start and the foundation to enter to the world of data science.
The course provided me with a better view about data science and I cam to know what are the tools and concepts which a data scientist deals with.
I learned a lot about Data Science and what could be expected by potential employers. It was very interesting. I look forward to the next course.
Great tool to break down the different skills needed to become a Data Scientists without using complex technical terminology. Highly recommended.
Like it very much, getting all the tools needed for the next part of the course and getting a sort of background or introduction to data science!
It's a very good course for beginners. If you already hace R and gihub it may be a little boring, but remembering the basics is never a bad idea.
This was such an explanatory step by step course. So well arranged with even a bit of humor. Thank you for making this available for many of us.
This is a very comprehensive course which lets you set up fundamental concept of data science before just running into any programming language.
Very good for the basics of data science. If you have no idea where to start, or what tools you need to use, this is the perfect course for you.
This was a great course! The beginning of the course was a little heavily focused to the rest of the specialization, but otherwise it was great!
All topics were discussed even if the videos are automated. I will recommend this  to my friends who are also interested in this specialization
Good course! No previous knowledge required, concepts and info are taught with an easy to learn approach. Exited to move on to the next course!
It was great week of learning the introduction of R language which provided me with productive information on effective using of R studio menu.
Perfectly walked though, easy-to-follow, but most importantly - gave exactly what it promised: a great foundation for this certificate program.
This was a great introduction to the tools of the data science trade. If you are looking to get your feet wet, this is the perfect opportunity.
Was a good intro to Git & Github version control through CLI. I had a faint knowledge of R, which I suppose will improve in subsequent courses.
Great course to start Data Science journey. Students must prepare to find the background knowledge which are often partly covered in the class.
This was my first Coursera course. I am really impressed by the way the training has been conducted. I will recommend this to my peers. Thanks!
Extremely useful, well put together, fantastic professors and the course started helping me with real world applications within the first week!
Good encouraging start for a new comer to Data Science but also Coursera. The course material was specific and all topics explained thoroughly.
I like the step-by-step processes in each lesson. I never thought I'd be able to understand this stuff, but surprisingly, I kinda get it. WOW!
This is a world-class certification and I have gained a lot, I appreciate the entire team especially my Professors, more power to your elbows.
Great course for somebody that is a beginner! I am looking forward to continuing with the second course of the Specialization in Data Science!
An elegant course that will help you set up your computer and GitHub repo so you are ready for the next adventures in this data science track.
Very helpful, though it requires some persistence and a curious heart to learn this (at least for me). It's like a completely different world!
This is a great course for a beginner in R programming and RStudio. It helps to understand usage of Rstudio and GitHub and is well explained.
This course is really helpful to start data science as a beginner . It helped me a lot knowing such important things. Thanks to the authority
Anyone who is interested in Data Science and  want to start from basics this is the best MOOC from John Hopkins University to getting stated.
From the course, I have learned how to use Git, RStudio and R together. It is a lot of fun in learning. Thanks for the teachers and coursera.
Is a course with appropriate content for beginners. I recommend this course if you want to have a real good introduction in the Data Science.
Very helpful since it is an introduction to the tools we are going to use and does not assume you know everything before starting the course!
Excellent course, very clear the information and presentations, my favorites parts were Data Mangement, Rtsudio (Markdown, Git), and Git Hub
I loved this course , it has step by step explanation to install the software and also to get handson on Command Line Interface and R studio
Very useful and comprehensive introduction to all the tools! Loved it. Moving on the rest of the courses in the Data Science specialization!
Great course. Very nicely laid out and provides many resources for background reading that backs up the material in the lectures. Great job!
it was a nice starter course for anyone who wants to know what will be involved in data science and how to go about becoming data scientist.
Very good course, teaches you to use all the tools that we will need throughout the course that are part of the data scientist's day to day
This course is a good start, but it would have been nice to create a guided project or excersise on Rstudio in order to practise some more.
It's great course that gives you overview of data science and introduces student with tools that are necessary to work on any data science.
Excellent course for beginners in the language or even for those who are retaking steps into R or yet alone statistics. Highly recommended!
i have always been interested in data science and this course taught me how to learn data science from the internet community! great course
This course has set clear targets for each week with video or text to show the contents. I learned a lot and I will recommend it to others.
Excellent to start with the basics of R and Github, also it's very complete when starting in the most common used concepts of data science.
Excellent introduction to the basics of data science and how to get the necessary programs/materials to continue the full  10-course series
I never gave enough thought to learning basics of version control and git. This course gave me an opportunity to learn this excellent tool.
Excellent course that covers the basics in a very step by step manner. You need to take this course to get your basic data science R tools.
This is a nice course for begginers, I like the excersices avaibles in the forum and that the project allows me to practice too. Thank you!
The course helps with installing the basic software for data analysis, as well as makes a brief introduction into how data can be analysed.
Serves as a good overview of the course but not recommended for persons that have some experience performing basic data analytics with git.
Excellent introduction to Data Science topics.  The course material and the hands-on project assignments speak for high quality professors.
Nice introduction. I especially enjoyed setting up version control for my local R projects via Git/Github. Simple but such an improvement!
Great starting point for those looking to dip their toes into Data Science. Good balance between "rookiness" and more experience profiles.
Great course! Despite being working with R studio for some time, I was able to learn a lot of new functions and to get to know the github.
Very interesting course, I was able to understand most of the stuff enough when i dont have a background knowledge about it. Thanks a lot!
Excellent beginning to this class. I wish there was a bit more about the in's and out's of R - maybe something more about compute science.
Fast paced and a great introduction to the field of Data Science. Good background material and now I'm set up with the tools of the trade.
A great course to start learning R, GitHub, and the basics of scientific thinking. Highly recommended to start the journey of learning R.
Overall, this is a very good course! I highly recommend it to people who are new to data science and who also want to explore this field.
Great Intro Course to get you set up with all the tools you'll need to complete the specialization.  A must have for individuals new to R
Good intro course however it just scratches the surface for a non-programmer like myself who has no previous experience in R programming.
Excelent course! I am also studying at the Data Science Math Skills to fill some math gaps . All of them are really great courses. Enjoy!
Is an excellent introductory tools. The course provides a quick description of the tools that will be used throughout the specialization.
Introductory course about general aspects of data science and basics of R and Git which will be used throughout the whole specialization.
Great course! A very good start for aspiring data analysts. The content is well structured and the quizzes/assessments are very helpful.
The course was very informative and useful for beginners to understand the purpose of learning R and statistical programming in general.
A really well put together introduction to R and its use in data science. Very clear lectures with useful quizes to check understanding.
Really brilliant course. A well-rounded introduction to data science and I advise anyone interested in data science to take this course.
Incredible course, very useful. The lessons are amazing, it gives me the emotion and the push to continue learning about this profession
I found this course to be a great introduction to some of the tools essential or recommended for data science and the following courses.
This is a good walk through of background info and installing git, R, R-studio, and using GitHub. Some good resources included, as well.
Great introduction to Data Science. I will like to receive more emails with reminders about dates so I will not forget.  Anyway, thanks!
This course was excellent to introduce you in a toolbox in RStudio. I learnt about Git and Git hub and it was a pretty rich experience.
I've taken multiple courses from data science and I can tell that this one is simply the best to get you started on data science and R!
The course is a good starter for a dive into Data science. Specially the theoretical knowledge and ethics on how to approach a problem.
this was a perfect course with a perfect name, it will introduce you with some necessary tools that to be used in data science project.
Very well set up and easy to follow. Questions are a little bit easy but ok when one is considering that course to be a beginners guide
The introduction to data science, R studio & R language , the components involved were thorough enough and also made understanding easy
That is a pleasure to learning the material about main toolbox for data science from this course. Keep it up for give the best course!
I am very thankful to the Professors who provided me excellent knowledge and gave me an opportunity to enroll myself in their courses.
This is a very good course, very easy to understand and helps a lot to learn how to manage the communities to share data and projects.
The coursera course content was easy to follow along and explained the subject matter in a way that was easy to follow and understand.
Yet to explore more about Data Science, though this course provided with right insight and what to expect further from this course. :)
Does what it says, gets you set up with the tools required to continue on to the other courses JHU offers in this Data Science series.
Very informative and well structured course. It is highly recommended for all who are interested in advancing their careers with Data.
I prefer to read the material section rather than the video. It's very difficult to concentrate the video by listening to the script.
This course provides a very informative and insightful understanding into beginning with R and getting ready to take further courses.
The best for beginner and in easy way and with good example .. i am use English as my second language so may i unable to declare more
This is the base which I am searching for to build my Data Science knowledge base. progressing to the next step in the specialization
Great introduction to the data science specialisation. Designed to help you set up R studio and Github accounts for the later courses
the best professors, hands on experience, perfect certificate, free recourses. looking forward to complete the entire specialization.
Good way to introduce yourself to an online certificate program from coursera. It's easy and can be done within the span of one week.
Very proffessional and helpful course. Video representation and explanation are on the high level. Thank you so much for such course!
Good beginning class for Data Specialization with R and Git set up well. Light weight, can pass the course in 4 hours without breaks.
I think that this course is a good introduction for all of us that want to learn about data science because give us the basic tools.
good course. perfect introduction into Data Science. Learnt a lot about overall concept and many tools involved such as Rstudio, Git
Really a worthy course and if you start with this course, you would really have an upper hand. This is a great course to begin with.
Very informative course that walks a beginner through basic fundamental concepts of data analysis and R language. Highly recommended
I felt extremely interesting in exploring the TOOLBOX and learning and understanding the various tools used to operate the software.
The Course was so interesting..Learnt new concepts like version control using GitHub..Thank you courser and John Hopkins University
Great course for introducing about data sience, exploring the tools for using and  explaining how to use and why we have to use it.
A nice introduction to data science and associated tools in general. Moreover, it will spark your interest for further exploration.
As a beginner in programming, this course will touch base the basics of R programming which is motivating to proceed other courses.
A very good preparatory course, setting one up with the necessary software while introducing the basic way-of-thinking around data.
Thanks for precise and enabling course , It helped me lot to set right approach towards tools required. Best RegardsNitin Nagargoje
This course is great because it really sets you up with everything you need to continue your journey in the field of data science.
I love the interface, is very user friendly. About the content, is a great summary about all the skills a data scientist must have
Great course, I already knew basic things about R, but the course helped me to work in a well organized and clean environment in R
my experience is great with coursers and university i had gain alot of information and get more awareness  regarding data sciences
The course design is very nicely paced and easy to understand. This course's take aways are   going to help me alot in near future
Great introduction course. It doesn't take too much commitment either, so getting it done will motivate you fore further learning!
Excellent introductory course, I learnt a systematic way of using several tools that surely ease my data science journey. Thanks!
Good introduction to DS tools like: Rstudio and GitHub. Also it covers some basic explanatory concepts of big data and statistics
This course is awesome and help us to learn from the core. For those who need to be a data scientist, It would be a good startup.
Excellent, step by step guidance provided by the instructors throughout the course. That being said, learning can't get any easy.
An excellent introduction to Data Science, perfect for beginners and would pursue the other courses to finish the specialization.
This is okay to get an introduction to the main tools and ideas in the data scientist's toolbox and for installing R and RStudio.
The toolboxes provided in this course are very useful and a must to know when programming and working in projects collaborations.
This course exposed me to useful tools and laid a solid foundation of Data Science knowledge for me to build upon moving forward.
The teaching is really informative. Though the robotic voice is a bit annoying but materials provided are excellent and in-depth.
It gave a very good basic knowledge into Data Science and the need for it for anyone interested in or exploring the world of data
The quickest yet most in-depth way to learn the RStudio tool kit and also learn the basic definitions that exist in data science.
Excellent teaching and I just loved the way the Professor gave examples because, they were very realistic and cool to learn from!
I think it's really helpful for me, as a newbie to data field, to begin data science. I'll try my best to finish all the courses!
Great for beginners. I particularly liked the slides - there's no need to make any further notes yourself, unlike other MOOCs !!!
A very good introductory course that aim for beginner and also refresher for those who had used some bioinformatics tools before.
This hands-on-wheel course provided me with all the basics understanding I was looking for in my road to become a data Scientist.
It is a very nice introductory class. It starts with a good background leading to the courses required for Data Science Capstone.
I liked it the way the content is presented, because it is easy to remember which topics have been seen as the course continues.
I learn lots of basic things about data science and get exicted about learning more! Thanks for everybody who manage the course.
It was one of the best courses regarding the Data science field. The reading material and the videos were crisp and to the point
Videos provide a useful overview. The week quiz kept me accountable to finish my work. The final assignment was straightforward.
i learned about the git and github and it's uses, helped me to get an overview of the working environment of an data scientist.
This was an excellent introductory course for learning more advanced courses in R. Learnt some really useful concepts and tools
This is an insightful course that will help you in assembling and understanding the various tools required by a data scientist.
This was my first introduction to R language. I have to say that setting RStudio and GitHub was one of the more useful lessons.
Well paced.  One issue to consider is that it sometimes takes time to install software, especially if it is on office computer.
One of the interesting course i have ever learned , helped me out to learn alot of basics for data science. thank you coursera.
Pretty helpful, things start from scratch and this works for me because I had no previous background in the subject whatsoever.
This course is very general! It is quite helpful to take this course as the first one for people who want to know data science.
I am really thankful to the authors for this course! It gives you everything you need in order to start your career as a DSer!
Great first course to get you started with the tools needed for data science.  Does exactly what the course is intended to do.
This course was definitely very educative and equipped me appropriately with all things needed to complete the specialisation.
A fantastic introduction to the material; this course helped to give me some fundamental experience with Github in particular.
Really good introduction to the specialization.  Quite basic, but good for someone with absolutely no background in the topic.
Thanks for providing such an useful and essential courses which will bring lots of  brightness my careerthank you coursera..!
For beginners, it is a great course. I have learned a lot from this course. and my experience with this course was very good.
The experience was phenomenal and I learned a lot of new things. Method used for teaching is simple and lucid, easy to grasp.
I really appreciate the way course takes me through all the details .very understandable and thoughtful to learn the courses.
Excellent and clever course for begginners in Data Science. The lectures are sublime and the activities are ver well planned.
I enjoyed this course a lot! It is easy to follow and I learnt a solid ground on data science and got introduced to R Studio!
I actually really enjoyed the 'robot voice'. It took a couple of videos to get used to, then I found I actually preferred it.
Great introduction to Data Science and the tools needed to analyze big data.  Looking forward to the remainder of the course.
The name is very apt for this course as it gives you ample information about the pre-requisite for becoming a Data Scientist.
Great course to get you started with R, Rstudio, Git, and Github. Lots of great info to learn about the data science process.
Awesome Course and great platform to learn. Thanks to Coursera for giving me this opportunity to learn and develop my skills.
Great introduction to the Data Science world. The tools described here are very useful for anyone interested in Data Science.
The course gives you a brief idea about data science and installation of all the necessary tools and software and IDE for it.
Perfect start to a great course.This has to be the best learning experience everMy best regards to the team from John Hopkins
Excellent course, I learned so much in such a short time. You can tell that it is one of the best universities in the world.
It's an introductory course, it will teach you the basics and secure a solid foundation. It's very well done and structured.
The course was well designed with every content clear with all concepts.I liked the course and hope this adds well to my CV.
The course is really interesting and educative. Though it's a starting points,but I want to make use of it in public health.
Overall great starting course!! I feel that it would be better to have someone to lecture to you instead of a voice machine.
Good to understand the first concepts about the course and the tools that will serve to introduce ourselves into the course.
Great course in getting set up to take the following courses in the Data Science Specialization.  Class went at a reasonable
I was able to understand it easily, and I feel that I have learned all the important data tools needed to continue further.
Gud but please update the course structure and make it more user-friendlyAlso make the instructions further more in clarity
Though the voice was hard to get used to, it was easy to understand and learn the concepts. The course was very enjoyable!!
Instructions to set up R and everything necessary for the course were very clear. Lessons were engaging and easy to follow.
Well designed course and Have learned a lot about data science and also knew about the tools that are used in data science.
Very helpful course that gave insight into Data Science Specialization. Sets you up for next courses in the specialization.
The content regarding Git and GitHub was interesting and new for me. Great introduction to the Data Science Specialization.
Excellent, very exhaustive and challenging! I warmly recommend it to everyone interested in starting a data science career.
Really very helpful course for understanding the steps and tools required to explore the innovative field of data sciences.
Great learning from scratch for a beginner like me. Thank you very much John Hopkins University and all Instructors too :)
This is a great introductory course for beginners. I especially found introduction to Github and R Markdown really useful.
Good content, taught a very important part required for any developer, (integration of github with Rstudio). Thanks a lot.
Easy to learn and follow, definitely would recommend to anyone wanting to wet their feet in the ocean that is data science
The course was very usefull and interesting. It was a good start, I hope it helps me a lot to move forward in this matter.
A good primer to getting started working with data science tools and understanding approaches to tackling your own studies
As someone who knows little to nothing about computer language this is very easy going and the TA's are very knowledgable.
Such a wonderful course, Good way of learning practically. I learned to use RStudio, GitHub and Version Control practice.
Some of the videos which had the screenshots were not clearly visible. Also the sequencing of the course can be improved.
This course got me excited for more things to learn and discover about data science. It's really very helpful. Thank you.
This is a great way to start learning R. Of course, it should not be taken as a stand-alone course as it is quite basic.
Strongly recommend to anyone involved with Data Science in the graduate level. Many important concepts e tools to learn!
This was such a well laid out course, and my first I have taken on Coursera. I am looking forward to future lessons now!
Has an excellent yet gentle introduction to the topic and tools needed. Explains concepts very concisely and cohesively.
Kind of boring, but a useful, "spoon-fed" introduction to data science, GITHUB, and R, and connecting the two platforms.
Very helpful introduction to the field of Data Science and helpful guides to downloading important programming packages.
It was very helpful, just dipping your toes into data science. As a beginner, this course can be a great starting point.
As a person who had no idea on this matter, I learned quite a lot. It was easy to understand and to follow instructions.
Great Overview of the Tools - Git, GitHub, R and RStudio - as well as Data Science.  Looking forward to the next Course.
Course vividly explains the working of Git and Github as well as clearly introduces us to the R programming environment.
Great overview of what data scientists do and how they do it.  Looking forward to more Data Science courses on Coursera.
Good way to start course generally information about tools are not taught which makes it difficult to manage code later.
As a preparation class, I think it covers all the necessary things and made me very interested in the following classes.
I would like to know if there is someway I can defer the deadline for this course. Is for this upcoming Monday, thanks!
This course is perfect for beginners.  It contains basic topics to learn but the content may be covered in 2 or 3 days.
It was a really good course for a beginner who is new to both the world of data science and R programming! Recommended!
Good introduction especially for new people like me on R. It introduces you to data science in concise but clear manner
The sample RStudio interface in the lecture videos needs an update related to the current version releases of RStudio.
This is what you have to know before starting data science path, Thanks to whom contributing to this very good course.
Coursera is the best way to gain knowledge and there modules and assignment make our study easier and more interesting
Interesting and relevant to my current job. Learnt something new which I can apply in addition to course requirements.
This was a very good intro course.  Maybe adding exercises to it would make it a bit more challenging and interactive.
Very good course for beginners. I like the way they teach not only theoretical material but also more practical stuff.
I am very happy to complete this course, i hope so this will be most useful for my up skills to me. Thank you coursera
Great overview to Data Scientist and the tools used. Looking forward to the rest of the courses in the Specialization!
The course was helpful as an introduction to the tools/programming softwares and code sharing tools that will be used.
This course gave you a general introduction about Data Science. but you need study much more to learn about this área.
This was my first experience of a Mooc and I was impressed. In particular, I enjoyed the guided use of Git and Github.
This was my first online course on Coursera and it was an amazing journey where I learn a lot of data sciences tools.
It is a good start for a beginner, this course covers very basic things required to get started for a data scientist.
Great overview of the tools.  I like the way the content and technical work is broken up into very manageable chunks.
Great Course, developed the basic understanding required to get into the data science. Nice content and presentation.
Take your time and do the recommended reading and tutorials especially if you are new to Command Line Interface (CLI)
Good advises not only for this course, in managing own's difficulties and good tutorials for this tools installation.
A excelent assembly of statical experiment design and data science modern tools to start your data scientist career.
The course was helpful as thought me the basics of Data Analysis, RStudio as well as the importance of using GitHub.
Great explanation and straightforward. Easy to understand for those with minimum programming skills. Thanks so much!
Very nice course. Gives concise and good summary about Data Science, Big data and introduction to some useful tools.
I would like to learn more about the knowledge of the data science and will complete all the courses of data science
Very intuitive and exceptionally good training material which helped me to understand the data science key concepts.
I took me step by step, just what I needed since I do not have any previous education in statistics and programming.
This was an easy to follow course for beginners who aren't experienced in writing code or using R. Highly recommend
Very Good Introduction to concepts of Data Science and preparation needed to start working on Data Science problems
For a beginner I think it's a a great overview. The course informs you about how to use R, RStudio, Git and Github.
The course gives a broad definition of Data Science and of what it involves, coupled with an abundance of examples.
This is the course which make us understand the importance of data science and about various related terms with it.
I enjoyed it :D it was great from basic as I did not know much about R.Jeff and team you guys are doing a great job
Enjoyed this introductory course.  I now feel ready and eager to dive deeper into this Data Science Specialization!
Very nice intro - easy to follow.  The swirl stuff was especially helpful and a very good way to teach R "in situ".
It was great being part of coursera. I learned a lot and ill highly recommend to my friends also. Thankyou so much
Very detailed and informative course. The quizzes and the pratices made sure that the learner is getting it right.
Basic concepts for those who are beginning in the Data Science world. Every amateur needs this concepts and tools.
Very nice course! I would never have learnt Github better than from here. :) Thank you organizers for this course!
Excellent Introduction to the Specialisation. Excellent lecturers and the course content was excellently packaged.
It's a very intriguing automated course that keeps progressing with Amazon Polly. Great introduction to the field.
This course has a great amount of knowledge and I learned a set of new tools. Really very easy and understandable.
Beginner Course but it provided a great insight into tools used for data science these days.A must for beginners!!
Great course, the instructor is very good, and tells you what you need to know, and where to get more information.
Really good introduction to Data Science, useful for those which tend to work in this sector, or the curious ones.
Learned something about Github, which is really a helpful assistant and a good teacher for my data analysis study!
Very Interesting Course!! I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a knowledge or career in data science.
Very useful course. I started my github account and the adventure as a data scientist when I learned this toolbox.
it is a good course to start the data science career. syllabus was well structured and training in methodical way.
A good introduction to the basic toolset you need for the rest of the specialisation, and what each "tool" is for.
Good, Good! My first try at Coursera classes. A well organized class and real field data samples to practive with.
Beautifully Explained!!!! Cleared each and every concept related to data science, want to meet the instructors...
I now have new skills to beef up my career. The pandemic has been a burden but I have gained something out of it.
Great introduction to data science and most especially to the various tools and concepts used by data scientists.
Was great to knock the rust off my IOP degree from 2001!Thanks to George Mason for embedding Stats into my brain.
Fantastic course. Highly engaging and serves as a great introduction to the subject area. Would highly recommend.
Easy to follow.  Great resources to help on formative assessments.  End project is highly relevant to curriculum.
It is a good way to start your journey as a data scientist. You get to know from very basic which is really good.
This is a very good course. It familiarize me with R and Git basics, which will be very useful for data analysis.
Its a great introductory course , only requires more explanation of git commands related to forking a repository.
Gives a good overview of Data Science, its relevance to the present day and implementation tools at a high-level.
Simple intro to Data Scientist tools. Hands on and easy to follow. Great intro course to the Data Scientist tools
A great introductory course that helps you setup the tools you would need to carry out data science related work.
This course is  amazingly designed for beginners who wants to work as data analytics. Great stuffs and resources
Nice introduction to the field of data science and step by step instructions to set up some commonly used tools.
Thank you, Coursera for this wonderful course. really good course to get to improve skills in data science tool.
Thanks to this course I have learned the basis of Github and other basic tools to conduct data science research.
I feel this course gives introductory knowledge about the tools and the basis required for the following courses
It's a good start point for beginners like me. I have taken confidence to continue with the rest of the program.
First Course that I learnt on Coursera and I can say It was an awesome experience.Thank You TeamLove from India.
Great start. The textbooks are most valuable. The  101 on Github is a little bare bones and could use an update.
Very briefly introducing the background of data science, it is very suitable for beginners in this area like me.
Got to learn about various tools and their uses.So it was a very informative course to start with data analytics
Straight forward instruction which easy to follow. Provide practice to get familiar with the course environment.
4.5 Stars. Decent introduction. Good reading material and quizzes. Would like to have more hands-on assignments.
I Liked the course a lotbut I needed to look for complementary information about the R programm in other sites.
I'm so happy and grateful with the skills I've learned in this course. I already want to start the next module!
It was really useful experience for me.  This course gave detailed knowledge concerning basics of data science.
Really a good course. I have learnt to satisfactorily amount that how to use R console programming and RStudio.
Great course. I liked it very much. It's what a was expecting. The robot voice is amazing, keep going with this
Great course to have an idea about Data Science. It gives basic idea about R, GitHub and data science projects.
Wonderful, not-too-overwhelming introduction into the world of a data scientist and the tool available to them!
The course has new future, automated instructor, that feels amazing, as it is concise and clear at instructing!
it was great experience form me as a data scientist newbie. with structured lesson make me easier to understand
Excellent overview course. I was much more familiar with the installation issues associated with RStudio and R.
It i s a good beginning chapter for a beginner like me. I learned a lot about the introduction to data science.
Learn what is needed to become a data science, some trivial but all must have tools to become a data scientist.
A really good introductory course. Explains quite a number of important concepts in a simple and clear manner.
Best way to teach the lesson. Perfect use of amazon Polly. I am pretty much interested to be a Data Scientist.
Great . brilliant experienced Teachers with compatible teaching skills and providing proper way to understand.
I like the overall organization of this course and the specialization series.Thank you for the awesome efforts
I wouldn't take this if I wasn't taking the specialization but it's a nice introduction to the specialization.
Excellent!
I found it to be a very complete course, and it provides enough tools to work as a data scientist.
This course is useful as a fundamental learning tutorial for anyone who are interested to learn data science.
Very well structured, I liked the audio and visual content. I think the monthly charge is a little expensive.
course evaluations provide an opportunity for students to reflect and provide feedback on their own learning.
Wow!!! Amazing intro towards data science. Must for beginners in data science and version control management.
Coursera i a good approach of learning for those who want  to make her carier in the field of data scientist.
Very clear instruction and organization.  Good way to get tools installed for following courses.  Enjoyed it!
I was expose to new things and I enjoyed it. Looking forward the rest of the classes towards the certificate.
Great intro into the subject! Lots of basic hands-on experience is transmitted to the student in this course.
Excellent for beginners. The course material is very well prepared. Its neither too detailed nor too concise.
Absolutely Fantastic Experience, solid pedagogy, crystal clear instructions and interesting course structure
it was an excellent journey and i have had acquired a good introduction to data science through this course.
Good platform for beginner also, with examples and detailed explantions and quiz, task for our performances.
Short and to the point, The Data Scientist's Toolbox sets you up really nicely for the whole specialization.
Thorough and concise. This module gave a practical insight into the tools and how to assemble and pair them.
This course gave a nice high level overview on some of concepts and tools you will need as a data scientist.
Great introductory course for Data Science. Got me all excited for the next course in the specialization! :)
Gets you well set up! Great start. I especially appreciated how easy setting up Git and Git-Hub was. Thanks!
This is a great introduction to what this Specialization is all about. I'm excited to start the next course!
More like intro to Github and RStudio, but useful for the sequence so a gentle introduction to the sequence!
Clears the basic GIT bash commands and helps to install the basic software required to analyze data properly
Its very very easy and covers the basics. However 2 hours are enough to cover all topics instead of 3 weeks.
Great intro course.  Good overview of why you need what you will need for the Data Scientist specialization.
Topics are comprehensive and easily understandable even when the automated voice over can be very annoying.
Fantastic course to get the overview of what a data scientist aims to accomplish and how they accomplish it
The presentation of material is logical.  I receive enough step by step information to start something new.
Nice review to get me started.  Excited about what I will learn in the other courses in the specialization.
this was a great experience for me.... Recommend that every data scientist aspirant should start from here.
Great starting point for Data Science. Gives a very good intro to all the tools used for working with data.
Its actually a good course for beginners. As the course is made from R there is machine voice rest is nice
Very clear and comprehensive basic introduction to R Studio and GitHub tools for Data Science application.
Indispensable if you don't know anything about R or data analysis, the tutorial on github is quite useful.
The course is very good for beginners learn to data science, a introduction. And the content is very well.
A well-designed introduction to data science with efficient instructions to set up the working environment
This was a good experience. Many thing I learn from this course. For that, I want to say thank you so much
This course was really good. I liked it because I under stood all and I was able to follow all the things.
Nice foundation course, created a mind set for research and informed basic tools like R, R Studio, Git Hub
Course has good content & teaching  of data science tools & basic introduction of DATA SCIENCE & ANALYSIS.
Good starter course -- takes care of cementing the focus of Data Science and setting up the R environment.
I found this course to be very well explained and systematic. I have learnt quite a bit from this project.
Good overview of some aspect of big data and tools to make you ready to explore the field of Data Science.
Thorough clear instructions for the basics of installing R, RStudio and Git and linking RStudio to GitHub.
Great course! I really appreciated the double possibility to attend the course, or with videos or by text.
Thank you,guys!  The students who commented my assignments was careful, and the introduction of R is good.
It gives sufficient information in introductory level of data science. Couldn't say more, i'm satisfied :)
This course was very useful for me as a beginner . Thank you very much course era for proving this course.
It is a good course for beginners, walks learners through the entire process of installing essential tools
The course is incredible, and the tutors know how to explain with simplicity. i really enjoyed the course.
A great opportunity for those who are willing to gain an insight into data science! Highly recommended! :)
It clears all your basics of how to use different software tools which are very useful for further course.
This course helps understand the general tools for R and I get a general knowledge of R within this course
This was an interesting preparatory course. It was helpful to have exposure to the material ahead of time.
Its a good start to anything massive in the field of data science. Its quite basic and easy to understand.
Thank you, an excellent course, was not able to complete it the last time around, will finish it this time
Excellent course for anyone with basic knowledge of coding and wanting a peek into Big Data and analytics.
Does a good job of introducing students to Data Science in general and gets you started with R and github.
Excellent Course, Great introduction to Data science. Gets your interest going. Next Stop - R Programming.
An excellent tutorial explaining the steps to set up the tools required. Easy to understand and effective.
I liked the course. Is the introduction to the data statistics specialization so it is brief, but is fine!
Very informative, does a great job setting the foundation for studying data science and R in more detail.
Helpful instructions to install R and RStudio + useful guide to Github. Basic introduction to data types.
Exceptional. This is my first course. The language which I learn is used to create what I teach? amazing.
Very easy to follow, with loads of useful information. A good foundation to begin learning R programming.
I was already familiar with R and RStudio and found the portion on using Git/GitHub particularly helpful.
Put together in such a way that allows you to really learn the material. Very impressed with this course!
The thing that I like the most about this course is that keeps me interested in the subject all the time.
This is a good introduction to data science and also informs you the tools that are used in data science.
Very informational and had great resources. This class gets you ready for the rest of the specialization.
This has been a great introduction to the Data Science world.  I really like being able to review as need
Great way to star on the subject, complemented by the book "The elements of data analytic style".Good Job
Useful. I have learned interesting topics, like Github, version control, colaborative work, R markdowns.
Wonderful course with premium knowledge delivered. I look forward to go through complete specialisation.
It is a very interesting introductory course, very well explained and consistent with the topics studied
The fundamental toolkit before the engineer hits the ground. Quite step by step & coverage wise balanced
A very good introductory course that gives you a groundwork for the other courses in the specialization!
Some lecture wold be better if it were given by lecturers, not the software: basically the third module.
Very satisfied with the way course was delivered and looking forward to the other classes in the course.
Use the knowledge of the tools in your favour while doing the data science course .I loved the content .
A good basic introduction to the types of skills, and the tools required for data science professionals.
Awesome content,  Self understanding videos, Assignments increases the confidence to a different level.
One of the best courses I have ever taken. Even considering all that I took in the undergraduate course
That is an awesome course that helped me a lot to understand the essential tools for wotking with data.
The explanation was great and i got new knowledge about data scientist's toolboxes and how to use them.
This my first contact with R and RStudio and it encouraged me to continue discovering the world of Data
This course inspired me a lot, I definitely want to complete the specialization. Thanks for everything!
I really like this course which has so mang details and the knowledge is too basic to follow up for me~
it was just awesome for me because , I got to know many things which just did not know.That you so much
I got insight about Git and GitHub. And also, I have a fair knowledge about what data science is about.
Solid start, Good balance of Theory and practice. Feel like the rest of this course will be very useful
This was a great introductory course. I am looking forward to the other courses in this specialization.
Very informational and well organized. It did not make me feel out of my depth as a humanities student.
Very good course with all the basic knowledge provided as a stepstone for a Data Scientist. Many thanks
helpful for student and field of computer science in the development and information technology science
It gives the firs tools for data analysis and provides the first tools and how to use them step by step
The presentation standard of this course is by far one of the best online I have seen in recent times.
Very Knowledgeable course. I have understood the Basic connectivity of all tools and their importance.
The course is very basic. It teaches some bases of Rstudio, Github and an intriducory of data science.
Amazing course; I learned a great deal about the Data Science field and I love the new teaching method
It's good, short but effective crash course to a general idea of Data Science and this specialization.
Good intruction course. Although i did it after the others courses it gave me more bases in the field.
I appreciate the design of the assignments for each week which makes me sure about the part I've grasp
Excellent, useful.I didn't get my certificate, though, perhaps because I haven't submitted a photo ID.
Great course. Highly recommend! But for the Github part, to accomplish the task, might need extra work
A great course that teaches a lot of the technical and conceptual tools for those new to data science.
It's so friendly for beginners.I think every one can know a little about Data Science by this lecture.
Good introduction on setting up R environments and RStudio, will be used as a reference in the future.
Well constructed course giving the students a great start point toward the next courses of the series.
This is a comprehensive introduction to data science tools and basic concepts, the invested was worth!
Basics of GIT and R explained really well. Helps you get the basic set-up done easily and efficiently.
This course is great! It taught me how to install and start using RStudio and GitHub for data science.
The Teacher is very kind and patient, statement is very clear and simple.The knowledge is very useful.
It was quite easy to understand and follow even though I barely had experience in R due to my degree.
A useful and helpful introduction to use the tools of Data Science, I am so grateful to  this course.
The whole course is fine. I have got initial knowledge about Data Science and Tools needed.Thank you.
this course is very good for people who have no experience with R or how to use git or GitHub before.
Thanks for everything, I really enjoyed this journey. Text note after video tutorial helped me a lot.
I got to know why is Data Science important and also what is Data science and its important features.
Great start to my Data Science journey. It pretty much covers all the pre-requisites of Data Science.
This course is very important for me and all video and lecture are too good. Easily to understanding.
this course is amazing with right amount of difficulty.introduction about everything which is needed.
its a detailed and the lectures are good at explaining the complex concepts in easy way to understand
It is a good introduction course that can help you set up all the tools and prepare for later course.
This course guides us through all important concepts. Was great overall !!! Although, its very short.
This was a very helpful introduction into setting and getting started to use the programs neccessary.
This is one of the most important course which describes the essential tools used by data scientists.
Very useful to know, how to install R Tools and Configure GitHub pages. I satisfied with the course.
It's a great course for someone who just started learning about the R Programming and Data Analysis.
This is a very good course. I 've learnded so much. Thanks to Coursera and Johns Hopkins University.
Very practical step by step course getting us up to speed on the necessary software for data science
Very good. It takes a minute to get used to the computer-read content, but it works very well. Very.
Great introduction, I'm especially pleased that the course is grounded with actual statistical basis
Good introduction for basics of the data science and build a solid foundation for rest of the course
It was an easy and efficient course where I could learn the basic tools for data science quite well.
Good to know about the basis of Data science and provides the knowledge needed for the initial start
It clearly introduces the specialization and what to expect we learn throughout it different courses
Great course with important information about data science, its fundamentals, RStudio,  and Github.
Great course. I learned a lot and it motivated me to continue with the following courses. Thank you
Bit tough course, more in the 2nd and 3rd module. Dynamic video presentations would be more useful.
Easy and beginner friendly introduction to Data Science. A gradual step towards the specialization.
I gave 5 stars to this course because the concepts explained in it made to understand easier to me.
VERY NICE AND THE COURSE MATERIAL REALLY MAKE YOU EXPLORE THE DIFFERENT ASPECTS OF DATA SCIENCE....
This was a good course. The only challenge was creating the PDF in R, which require LaTex installed
This course is excellent. The manner of present the contents is good. The presentations is usefull.
Nice overall introduction. Actually reading the recommended book is optional but worth the reading.
Very informative and will cascade the things that I have learned from this course to my colleagues.
The content is to the point and valuable, thanks for making such an interactive introductory course
As it says it is a beginner course and just a brief introduction to the core concepts and the tools
it's pretty good start for this fast-growing field in business,and I'm terribly eager to learn R :D
Interesting Initation to the data science world. It make me want to keep on learning. That's gret !
Love this introductory course. It really sets the stage for anyone new to the topic of Data Science
Appropriate for all levels of experience to get a concise overview of the current state of affairs.
Interesting course to introduce R and R Studio, helping me understand the concept of Data science.
Thank you for everything. With a great lecturers video and materials i learned very useful things.
It is a wonderful course to learn about the version control and integration of Rstudio and Github.
Straight to the point.  I see a lot of value with the links provided for reference with the notes.
This is a really good foundation course for those with minimal knowledge in data and repositories.
This was my first course on Coursera.  I like the platform and I liked the content of this course.
Useful information. A bit more detailed explanation of how local Git works would be better though.
A very interesting introduction course. Necessary I think, for a broad comprehension of this MOOC.
Great for learning the fundamentals of R programming and Git. Looking forward to the next courses.
This is a very nice course giving a nice overview of the tools and concepts needed in data science
Very clear entry point for the following courses. Interesting side material. Good quality overall.
Has a very good introduction to the tools used by data scientist and what data-science is about :)
A good course that quickly teaches you the basics of setting up R, Rstudio and Gitbash and Github.
Great course, I'll surely recommend to my friend. Thanks a lot for sharing your knowledge with us!
Very helpful. Looking forward to using what I learned in this course in the later related courses.
Excellent introduction to the use of various tools and some theoretical concepts for data science.
It is really a basic course, but it gives a necessary introduction to R, R studio, git and github.
Clean and simple to understand. Hope the rest of the courses in the series are of similar quality.
Really enjoying the course. I'm finding it challenging but getting there through lots of practice.
Great Learning!! Looking Forward For The Next Courses As A Part Of Data Science Course. Thanks !!
The course gives an Idea what are the tools that are needed to become a successful data scientist
This course provided a good introduction to R Programming and Data Science which was very useful.
Excellent, But I would be grateful if you could translate all your excellent courses into Spanish
It's really  a great course to understand the basic concepts  before beginning the actual course.
Great foundations to the field. The instructions for setting up of GitHub and R/Rstudio is clear.
Very simple to understand and very well explained. As a start to the tools used, it is very good.
It is an excellent entry level course for data science tools, specially for non IT professionals.
Although lecture videos were generated by AI, there are easy to follow. The explanation is good.
Very good!!! one of the best ive taken... love the way you can watch a video or read the notes..
Unlock your potential with Coursera. Learn at your own pace and get started. Thank you Coursera.
Tutorials are good. Not a lot of wasted time. Made it easy to learn with no background in Github
This is amazing course, that provides you with all the basic information about the data science!
This helps me learn how Github can benefit me for job search, form a startup or improve a skill.
Great Overview of introductory topics and good tutorials to start on learning Data Science tools
It's a great course to get someone start who has never working with computers and source control
Excellent introduction to Data analytics and computer sciences ! Easy to follow and pedagogical.
It is much needed course. Helps in setting the environment for smooth flow of the later courses.
I liked this course, I know it is basic but I found a lot of ineteresting things I want to learn
Great Introductory Course, strongly recommend anyone thinks to pursue their career in this area!
It is very intresting and the jobs of the instructors are interesting as well as amazing too! :)
Excellent course showing the basics of the tools that will be needed for applying Data Science.
Great pace, ideal for someone with little knowledge of Github for version control. Very helpful
I'm new to this. It was perfect for me. I'm very encouraged to continue learning more about it!
It was a great, and well planned course. I specially love this new concept of automated videos.
Excellent course. Well-structured and explained simply so even beginners can easily understand!
The modules are well-structured for anyone who wants to learn the fundamentals of data science.
The course is great, i recommend for the people that beggining in Data Science. it´s very clear
Great course to introduce topics about data science. Thank you guys for content and the ebooks.
It was an excellent tool for learning and understanding basic concepts of Data Science overall.
Great course! Learned a lot in terms of not only the tools, but the nuance around Data Science.
Very nice program, it went on smooth. The content is good for the learners to easily understand
great introductory course for data science beginners! look forward to taking the following ones
They explain it too well that even a beginner like me can follow! Thank you to the instructors!
Good course, very interesting. But, could you please make for audit purpose also can post quiz?
Very usefull, easy and comprehensive course about the different tools available for data cience
Very nice course gives insight to the basic tools useful / required for being a data scientist.
It's fantastic! They provide informative details on how to use various tools in data analysis.
The basics of data science and R installations are explained very nicely and made very simple.
thank you for this opportunity. the content of the course is in detail yet easy to understand.
This is a great course for beginners those who want to develop themselves as a data scientist.
Very well organized and structured. Worth it! Muito bem organizado e estruturado. Vale a pena!
so far so good. Finished the first class in 3 days, definitely not too much hard stuff to get.
Great course to get started! Videos are very scripted but the reading content is very helpful!
Everything was okay. thank you coursera team I learned many things from cours about R toolbox.
Helped me start with understanding Data Science and get started with applying the same on job.
Good way to start specialization course. It covers all prerequisites needed for other courses.
Step by step instructions that have me getting comfortable with coding after a 20 year hiatus.
A great intro to the tools you need (and help setting them up) and the basics of Data Science.
As a beginner, this course helped me a lot and this course is a good way to start data science
It was accessible, challenging and I came out of the course knowing the essential information.
Great intro to datascience and installation of required packages. Wouldnt pay for this though!
-Well structured course-Great instruction -Easy to follow-Applicable and effective assignments
A Nice introduction to Data Science. Well appreciable. Thank you Coursera. You Guys Rock ! ! !
The course was glamourous and the lecturers were good at it. Keep the good work, Up Coursera.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course and I learnt so much. The courses were quite easy to follow.
love the grading system and also the content straight to the point and also very much updated
Each step was instructed to assist students with no experience. A very well organised course.
Great for beginners! Highly recommended for those who want to start a career in Data Science.
Excellent course.  Some parts were a bit dense but all in all, an excellent beginners course.
Easy to understand, very systematic, step-by-step are easy to follow even for non-IT learners
Very nice introduction to Data Science tool Box. Interesting to have before start. Thanks you
It was more challenging than I anticipated. Overall very pleased with my learning experience.
Seems like a good prerequisite course for getting started on remaining specialization courses
This is a good course for the beginner in data scientist field. Thank you very much Coursera.
It was easy to follow up all material and I really learn a bunch of things.  Thanks Coursera.
Great course.  Learned alot and am enthused to continue along the Data Science Specialization
Excellent course, it teaches you how to install and set all the tools needed for Data Science
It really help me a lot to have knowledge on Data Science, with the tools we should be using.
Explaining everything that needed to start the course. To the point and easy to understand...
The course is really great and videos include step wise step process and complete details...
clearly detail introduction to R. A most to understand the tools that we will be working in.
Very well designed course that is easy to learn and pickup. Thank to the team who made this.
Very instructional and easy to follow. Material is well organized and plenty of help around.
As a start, it was a handful of abstract and hand on tools course and I saw it really useful
Great overview of Data Science. It helped me prepare my mindset for the rest of the courses.
An ideal course for intending data scientists! It's very engaging. Thanksto the failitators.
This course was very well explained, the quizzes were in accordance with the material given.
good solid intro to the tools and concepts.  Descriptions and information is well organized.
BASIC KNOWLEDGE OF DATA SCIENCE AND USEFUL TOOLS FOR INSTALLING AND USING, VERY NICE COURSE.
I feel comfortable using all the tools to achieve my goal of becoming a real data scientist.
good course provides the basic platform for a starter in data science field. must recomended
very good course. if you are looking for a overview of tools in data science  specialization
Brief, to the point introduction to Data Scientist's Toolbox. Simple to follow instructions.
This Course is very good for the students who want to start their career as data scientist.
I'ts a very good option if you want to start learning something about data and programming.
This is a good starter course with lot of information that will be useful on the long term.
Perfect for beginners and easy one to kick start and set the theme for Data Science Course.
good course, very complete and basic for those who are not involved in software development
The course is very structured and  helpful to have basic knowledge related to Data Science.
Excellent course structure to gain exposure into what to expect out of this specialization.
Excellent for anyone who is new in the topic, covers all of the basic material you'll need.
highly recommend it, very useful background information to start the "data science" journey
Amazing this course. It was easy of understand and the themes were really well structured.
Great course as a beginner.Well prepared. hope to complete all modules.thank you very much
I earned this certificate & also a good knowledge about this course. Thank you coursera !!
An excellent course! Very precise and clear, even for people that is not a native speaker.
A great introduction to data science and sets up a strong launching pad for further study.
The course was great. The way the concepts are explained in such a laymen terms are great.
The instructor is excellent and offers a wealth of material to learn from including books.
The Methodology adopted in the teaching of this course is awesome. It makes learning easy!
Great course to start with R, includes every aspects of it from installation to debugging.
The Course was amazing and what I really loved was, it is self paced... Thank you so much.
It's a good lesson. I'm not a fan of the robo voice, but that should get better with time.
Great Course! I really learned a lot. The Instructions are clear and the hours are doable.
Everything was really explanatory and I think was enough to get me started in data science
a very descriptive course. very well presented and very easy to understand for a beginner.
Concise and clear introductory course to get acquainted with some general ideas and tools.
Good course, very important for the hole specialization.Can be completed in several hours.
Summed up R Studio and Git Hub in a too cool manner and explained basics at it best level.
Good understanding build up on best practices among data scientists' day to day operation!
it is a very great beginning course for people who want to start their data science study.
Perfect course for the person who wants to expand his or her career in Data Science field.
This is an excellent and well put together foundational course for data science. Awesome!
all the video are helpful and easy to learn about a r progamming and R-tudio using github
This has been a huge experience. I did not have any experience before about these issues.
Great introductory course for R programming, version control with Git and data statistics
Loved the course with all the detailed explanation on setting up the data science toolkit
It was great experience .Thanks for clearing all concepts related to data science .thanks
Excellent content. A practical knowledge of the fundamentals of data science is obtained.
I am more inspired than ever before to become a Data Scientist, can't wait to learn more!
Very nice introduction to Data Science. Looking forward to study the rest of the courses.
Very good course, different from others and let you know how to use accesories in RStudio
this course explains very well in installing and using of tools for learning data science
The course offers a practical and simple explanation about introduction into Data Science
Great introduction to tools and setup to prepare for using in your Data Science learning!
A very useful brief summary about the tools and the environment thas is necessary for the
Learned a lot! Great interactive way to follow classes and i like the peer-review method.
Great beginning class to Data Scientist work.  Am very excited about this specialization.
It was a short and sweet course really to the point to set you up for the coming courses.
Quick, great intro information to get an understanding of the expectations of this course
Simply great, I loved the way it was made the videos plus a reading page accompanying it
Great way of breaking the lectures down. i find the lesson to be detailed and educative.
This course is exceptionally outstanding .I am looking forward to do as many as possible
Basic introduction to what data science is and the needed tools to begin diving into it!
This course is definitely a part of a larger set of courses and I would take it as such.
I really enjoyed this course. The course invested in explaining all the basic consepts .
The perfect place to start with.. for beginning your Analytics journey. Very Insightful.
Very good course. I really enjoyed it and the provided course material was very helpful.
This course offers a solid introduction to the tools that are commonly used in industry.
This course was the perfect introduction to the world of using data to answer questions.
very nice explanation. Professors' knowledge is quite high. im completely satisfied with
The entire course is well organized and gives a unique perspective towards data science
Clear steps, lots of real world examples included. LIked the git element to the course.
Very clear and helpful course. Will recommend to anyone willing to learn data analysis.
It really gave me the insight I needed to get started on R, and the data science world.
Provides a good understanding of tools and environment need to do statistical analysis.
I really wish I could find this course earlier! It's really useful!Highly recommend!!!!
The course was great!! Great efforts taken by the faculty and I really enjoyed learning
Good intro to the topics and tools of data science. Looking forward to completing more.
job course, good  introduction  of tools that we will use, it is clear and fast t learn
This course is very straightforward but provides a nice overview to the specialization.
I have learned about the tools used in data science.this course is very helpful for me.
Great and effective course.. The course is well planned and learning is clear and best.
This is a great introduction to R and RStudio which should serve us well in the future.
It's very complete way to start learn about the data scientist tools and data analysis.
Well planned introductory course giving insight to the tools required for data analysis
Very good intro and brief us with the high level knowledge around the data science area
Great introduction to the subject and basic R (installation, environment, Github link)
I enjoyed the course very much and learned a lot of very useful data wrangling skills!
All material is very detailed, coherent and clear. Greatly added insight and knowledge
Great piece of course. I really love the package and the support base for the program.
In a easy and fun way we are introduced to the basic tools needed for Data Scientists!
awesome course structure and proper way to begin data science journey with this course
This is an Amazing course! I was able to learn so much!Thanks for all in this project!
An useful introduction to Big Data, R and RStudio. You don't need to know how to code.
for me, it  was an excellent and practical course, to learn softly from the ground up.
Very good as a starter pack for somebody completely new to programming and R language.
Straightforward and intuitive. Great way to get an introduction to the specialization.
It provides a really good foundation for the courses following in this specialisation.
Good introduction and overview of data science concepts and what the course will cover
Good way of introduction to data science!Before fighting, first you need your weapons!
Great introduction to the discipline of Data Science and the necessary tools required!
Thank you for this formation, i have learned many thing related to scientist's toolbox
Great videos, good walk through the materials for those unfamiliar with programming (:
It is an excellent first contact with such a complex discipline as it is data-science.
Excellent short course for getting introduced to essential tools for a data scientist.
Great intro to the tools of the trade and what you need to get started in Data Science
Excellent introduction to the Data Science world. Smooth path. Very good for beginners
It was an amazing start can't wait to learn more and finish the entire specialisation
This is really helpful, keep impacting life into men that will build their generation
Even with audio transcript ,you still can get the insight from the lecturer ,clear !!
Introduced concepts which are very essential for building the basics of data science.
One of the best courses that I've ever made, the only problem is the voice assistant.
Very great course to start off in the course of data science and as a data scientist.
It's a good course...and you need to put a little more effort apart from the content.
The course was very insightful, and well paced. Much appreciation to the instructors.
Its great start to learn Data Science.Concepts explain in each lecture are very good.
After this course I have knowledge of the tooling I need for practicing data science.
Very good learning experience. Though the materials are bit of old but still helpful.
The Course is very useful and worth learning. Thank you Coursera for this great help/
Excellent course, we will learn the basics of github, Rstudio and its functionalities
Very good introduction to Datascience and an overview on the tools used for analysis.
I absolutely loved this course, it  a wonderful foundation for the rest of the course
Great for beginners. Just take your time and you'll be able to figure everything out.
Good, clear introduction to Data Science. Looking forward to the rest of the modules!
It's a really amazing course for me and I can understand special tips for my thesis.
The course was highly useful. It helped to set all the basic tools for Data Science.
I really loved the idea of using Automated  voice, It was much simpler to understand
"Great Course" Thank You, Dear Coursera!Your's Student:Shubham Songire+91-9075127545
Very good introduction to help you setting everything up and to continue from there.
Very practical course, with a lot of essential content for the Data Science beginner
Very nice course and I liked the quiz questions a lot. duration is also appropriate.
This course teaches very practical skills which we need to reproduce course contents
A very good introduction to the toolset needed for performing data analysis using R.
Good course. It provides a nice overview of what to be expected in upcoming courses.
The introduction to the data science really got me to love this field more and more.
A very good introduction to all the tools you'll need in other Data Science courses.
It's simply awesome. Looking forward to other courses in the specialization. Thanks.
Well organized and straight to the point with the various introduction to the field.
I finally have the info to start my journey towards the hottest job of data science.
This course has been very informative and come with a lot of learning opportunities.
Very interesting ans simple enough for a non science or statistics person to follow.
Extremely useful and informative. The use cases are extremely explicit and practical
It really provides the essentials (toolbox) to get up and running with data analysis
Very good, explicative. Could have even more information and practice sessions on R.
I'd like the course, because it is a very general introduction to the specialization
Easily digestible and had some great links to current events relating to the course.
Excellent introduction to the ideas around what data science is and useful software.
Basic course into the tools needed to form the foundation of data science learning.
Very good course for beginners. Lessons are easy to understand and very insightful.
its very interesting course to get started with if one aims to be a data scientist.
Structured well and very informative. A good foundation for things to come, I hope.
Excellent guide to set up a DS environment. Easy to follow with minimal experience.
it s really helpful , and offered me a great chance to know more about data science
Great introduction! Cannot wait to explore the other courses of the specialization.
The course I have been looking for a while, well organized and provided the basics.
Great introduction to everything we will learn for the Data Science Specialization!
This course is such a great motivation to begin the journey of data science. Cheers
This is a great class in preparation for the forthcoming treatment of data science.
Very good course, in terms of learning tools and preparation for the specialization
Very useful, the depth of information was perfect for an introduction to the course
This course helps you to establish a preliminary understanding of the Data Science.
Very great to have a course centered on installing and using the required software.
I'am very happy to complete this course, i hope to finish the reste of the courses
Very well delivered. Content is easy to follow. Really helpful to get you started!
The sessions were really helpful. The examples and working sessions were good too.
This is the most easily understandable Coursera course I have entered and studied.
The Amazon Polly voice is a bit annoying at times, but I understand the necessity.
Very quick and to the point, made it very easy to get set up and ready to learn R.
The course is excellent entry for the world of data science. Strongly Recommended.
Good structured , well organized, flexible course sessions, material. Thank you.!!
Great Introduction. More Exercise to help us build strong foundation in the course
An introductory view of what is to come and look great, first notes made! Keep up!
Great class. I learned a lot about GitHub, and pulling and pushing code from repo.
It was an awesome course to start with, all the topics were covered  from scratch.
I thoroughly enjoyed the course. Informative and gained some valuable information.
Great instructors. Hope you can guide me into reaching my goal as a data scientist
Very useful, easy and clear understanding. Thanks for your lecture and many peers.
I really enjoyed this course and think it is a great introduction to data science.
I have heard a lot of good things about this course. I still have to explore this.
the first step to become data scientist. which is clearly explained to understand.
Helpful in getting all the tools installed and a "sneak peek" at how each is used.
Very good course! It helps me to strengthen my knowledge and learn a little more.
good course useful to start R and know the environment of Rstudio, git and github
Well paced course. Effective video and content. Good start to the specialization.
A must-take course to start R, I'm so regret for not doing this before my R class
Very useful and actually fun. I really like the way the let the information flow.
Looking forward to continuing with the next courses of this great specialization!
This course gave insights of the software Rstudio in a very comprehensive manner.
A great course to start off with introduction of data science with R programming.
The course provide a basic understanding of R,  Rstudio and GitHub. It is useful.
A good introduction to data concepts and the use of version control for projects.
Very good preparatory course if you know nothing or something about data science.
Wonderful! You can open a door towards a new scientific world through this course
is was first time to touch on git, however this series of videos guided me nicely
Very thorough walk through of the basics and initial setup of data science tools.
Very interesting course , helps to understand  data science in a much better way.
This is a very essential course for a person aiming for a career in Data Science.
This course is good beginning in Data Science. It's necessary complete with more.
Super interesting and easy to understand even though is pack full of information.
It was a great and intercative course! I enjoyed every moment! Highly recommend!
All very clear, and it was manageable to complete it. Thank you for this course!
It was a wonderful course. I learned a lot about Data Science tool fundamentals.
Very informative! Now i know how to use git-hub with RStudio and that's awesome!
better explanation of data tools  and thier uses by linking git hub and r studio
Excellent kick off to what seem to be a very interesting and challenging course.
Great introduction to data science and how to install all the required software.
Nice course for basic understanding of some tools used in data science/analysis.
The course gives us a brief introduction on some really useful tools. Thank you.
This was a great introductory course on how to setup R and an account on GitHub.
Good course to help get a jump start in learning data science. highly recommend.
Very useful to get started with Data Science.Can wait to follow the next courses
Excellent class. The instructors put in a lot of thought in creating this class.
Excellent introduction into some of the tools used by effective Data Scientists.
The course covered every aspect of data science basics leaving nothing untaught.
Very helpful and well explained for a beginner to this kind of software like me.
Gave me great insight into the field and I know for sure I want to be a part of.
I enjoyed learning new things and starting my journey to being a Data Scientist!
Easy to follow, and a nice difficulty ramp so you never feel you're in too deep!
This course has been so great as far as gaining programming skills is concerned
very informative although i would have liked to have some practice examples too
Nicely explained and well-created videos easy to understand and learn Thank you
Its a very good course contents and coverage I have learnt a lot as a beginner.
The course gave very fundamental concepts needed for becoming a Data Scientist.
Easy and very kind approach to introduce tools, such as R, R studio, and GitHub
Great way to get the basics! Looking forward to the rest of the specialization.
Enjoyed this course. Hope the same in the future course in this specialization.
Interesting introduction in Data Science. Nice pace, very detailed explanation.
good basic course.good for fooking into datascience and knowing what it´s about
Gave a very good insight, for a fresher to start with real data science course.
Good introduction to the toolbox and the references for studying more in depth.
It's very good.I got what I want from this course and i will continue to learn.
Did what it said on the box: got me set up to continue with the specialisation.
Excellent course that helps you set the foundation for the data science domain.
It has been awesome kick start to my  first course of coursera for Data Science
A great course to get you started on the journey to becoming a Data Scientist!
Very well covered all the basics and practice. Enjoyed the course and learning
Introductional course, can't wait to see what is going to be in the next ones.
Nice and very helpful to me. The Git hub section was the most important to me.
Was an enjoyable course, super easy to follow and really helpful for beginners
Not too difficult and very interactive so keeps you engaged. Very informative.
the quizes and the course project helped grasping the content very efficiently
Thanks for making this course. It is really helpful to know about data science
Extremely imperative to get you started with data science! Highly recommended!
Covered the basics of data science tool, delivered in a clear and concise way!
it helped me a lot .I am happy to say that this is my first course on coursera
Excellent course. I found it so easy navigate. Instructions were very helpful.
This course is really great for the beginners who wants to learn data science.
Easy to understand. A person who really wants to learn will enjoy this course.
I have learned alot of valuable and practical things in this part of the corse
It's a really basic & entry level course, but still very informative & useful!
Pretty good course to introduce the basic tools usefull for the Data Scientist
All the professors and peers are really very nice.  This class worths my time.
This is a great course for young analysts that are looking for formal training
I have learned much while working on the projects.Thanks for the great course.
Helpful introduction to data science world. Very basic but really helpful tips
Good introduction to the tools needed for the remainder of the specialization.
A very Good Course. Highly Recommended. Project/Quizzes are very well planned.
Adequately descriptive and easy to follow course material. Thank you Coursera!
Solid and good introduction to basic tools (R-related) for doing data science.
very good course, dealt nicely about basic requirements to be a data scientist
Really enjoyed this.  And Mr. Leek's lecturing style is very straight-forward.
I've learned a lot from this. Thanks coursera.org and John Hopkins University.
Very nice course. Easy to follow and good introduction to RStudio and GitHub.
Personally, this course is helping me to know the foundation of Data science.
This course is really helpful to all who are starting to learn R Programming.
Thanks, very detailed. But sometimes there are lexical mistakes, not big ones
Initail course to get equipped for starting data science. Basics are covered.
Very good introduction. Not so easy for first timer but I enjoy the learning.
I really like and enjoy this fundamental course introduction to data science!
I find this course very helpful. Lot of things i've learned from this course.
sir don't understand your study method..... sir make lecture easy as possible
Good step by step guide to get started with Tools to be used in Data science.
It was a great start to data science learning. Will definitely continue this.
Provided a firm foundation of what to expect and how it will be accomplished.
Excellent introductory course, even for those of us who just know HTML & SQL.
Fantastic introduction to data science! I'm excited about this career choice.
Great Course that will provide a good background about Data Science tool set.
Concise and informative overview of the tools needed for this specialization.
Brilliantly put together and well organized. The Professors are knowledgeable
It is the perfect initial step to get introduced to the Data Science carrer.
An excellent path to learn about real-life data science, highly recommended!
Gives an excellent overview of kick starting a career path in Data Science!!
I have enjoyed this lessons so much. the materials are provided here so good
Very straightforward approach to discover main tools : R & Git Hub. Congrats
Thoroughly intriguing and a pleasure. Great content and constantly engaging.
Great overview course, work load is light, following courses make up for it!
This was fast-scinating and helpful! Sending all the love for Coursera Team.
great starting i hope i can complete whole course. i just completed in 1 day
The course is very good! Each time, I get  more  interested in Data Science.
Wonderful course for introduction to Data Science and the tools used for it.
A good introduction to help you get started for working with R, Git, Github.
Brilliant prep course for what to come from equally well prepared lecturers!
Challenging and worth my time. It validated my understanding of the subject.
A great introduction to the tools needed to be ready to handle data science.
The way this course has been designed, it is very good for all the beginners
Love this course! One of the best introductory courses for data scientists !
This course covers lot of ground up knowledge on theory and essential tools.
Very good course. Just a little outdated, though, but overall, really good.
I liked the course. Thank you very much for developing and implementing it.
Excellent introduction. It motivate us to keep going into this world of DS.
A very nice course of introduction to Big Data, RStudio and Version Control
The content is very clear and precise. Best for who is starting to learn R.
Although this course does need to be updated slightly, good course overall!
explained in a well manner and easy to devolp the data sceintist the skills
Good introductory course with great supplementary materials and hyperlinks.
This was a very helpful and practical introductory course for Data Science!
A great course to learn about R and GitHub and the linking between the two.
Great introduction fot those who want to dive in the world of data science.
Great! I was completely new at this kind of work, so it was well explained!
Good starting point for getting familiar with basic tools for data science.
Good course for people who are just getting start to learning data science.
I loved this course and i am really fortunate to be part of this community.
Great course to introduce yourself to the world of data science. Thank you.
The course introduced a general view about the data science.Thanks so much.
It is very helpful, preparatory course for any other data analysis courses.
Well structured and informative. Good toundations to use datascience tools.
Great course to get familiar with the basic toolset a datascientists needs.
Appropriate level of difficulty for those who are not used to Git Hub and R
Great introduction to Data Science and the steps to get the tools installed
Excellent course, very useful to lay the foundation for the specialization.
Really great introduction to Data Science and the basic tools and concepts.
This is really an awesome course for a basic introduction to data science.
Best step by step document where we will be shown details from the basics.
Excellent building block for someone coming back to coding after a decade!
I liked the clear and concise way lectures. Just at the right pace for me.
Great intro course, getting us started with the right tools and resources.
This is a perfect good course for an absolute beginner like me! Thank you!
This is really interesting and necessary course to understand data science
Great introduction.  Looking forward to going more in depth in follow-on c
Great! As a new,I think it can help me do a lot of basic and useful work:)
Excellent course for anyone who is working on a data scientist career path
Good introduction to a complex topic.  I appreciate being eased into this!
I like the notion of presenting Data scientist's toolbox in a concise way.
It is great to have this course as the introduction to the specialization.
This course is very helpful for helping me walking through my Ph.D. thesis
Interesting information about data, statistics, and programming. Loved it!
this courses teaches you the pre-requisites required for the data science
Could be more interactive, like maybe an intro would be nice. By a human.
Great initial Course for data science looking forward to do more courses.
I've really enjoyed and learned how to handle the tools for data science.
Great introduction to Data Science, and I'm excited to continue studying.
Great and simple lectures, fits even people without analytical experience
Very easy and useful for beginners, a brief introduction to data science.
Very good to understand in a nut shell all the tools for data scientist's
Course is very simple and motivates well enough to continue the learning.
Great first module. Challenging and well presented and instructed course.
perfect way and guidance to start using Git, Rstudio and other softwares.
I am very satisfied to prepare myself very well for the following courses
A good start ... just enough to get me going, without overwhelming me ...
I like the pace and contents in this course and found it is very helpful.
Great intro to data the tools used for data science. Very easy to follow.
A good opener, gives you a feels for where the greater course is heading.
Very easy but provides the necessary first steps to the DS specialization
Good overview of the most used tools and methods used by Data Scientists.
I found it interesting as an initial landing into the Data Science topic.
Very well done intro into the subject to test your affinity for the work.
Very good introduction to Data Science. Well explained and great material
So good even for a beginner who knew nothing about data science like me!
The course is well structured and very easy to grasp the basic concepts.
I have learnt a lot in this course.  I am now on my way to R programming
very good course for those who want to gain an insight into data science
Clearly explained all the basics and I learned a lot from it. Thank you.
good course we can know foundation about datascience. Thank you everyone
I really enjoyed a lot and hope to be a data scientist in coming future.
this is just a tip let me see how hold up for the future of data science
Excellent course. I'm proceeding to the next one in this specialization.
really helpful course , covers all topics in brief. thanks alot for this
very basic course. can be done in 2-3 days if you study 3-4 hours daily.
it's a great course to learn the basic tools and setup for data science.
Excellent intro. The author(s) do a good job of showing the big picture!
This is a very good introduction to big data basics i.e. tools involved.
The course is very useful and nice,it's not difficult and easy to study!
This is a great introduction, thank you for making time for this course.
Very thorough overview  taught by passionate professors about the topic.
I am glad to get a good start through coursera's Data Scientist Toolbox.
Everything was fine. It would be nice to add one slide about tortoisegit
Thank you son much!!!!
I really like the course.
It help me in my job =)
Excellent Course for Introduction Related to Github,Tools of R language
Very well explained with examples for the clear understanding of topics
A good introduction to Data Science with R and tools - rStudio, GitHub.
Neat, well organized! I will totally recommend the course to my friends
A good headstart to Data Science. Looking forward to the courses ahead!
Amazing, the way they used the ML and data science to teach this course
I think I got the gist of what is data science but it was fun learning.
Excellent overview of the subject. Looking forward to continue learning
A good fundational course for students who want to be a data scientist.
Packed with great introductions about data science. I commend this one!
Amazing for learning and set up the basics for starting on Data Science
Very useful introduction to the DAta Scientist's Toolbox specialization
I am very excited to continue this track and learn as much as possible.
Great introduction to data science and Git will be very helpful as well
Exciting to be part of this course and the Data Science Specialization.
Really enjoyed this introductory course.  Good exposure for a beginner.
The course is very explanatory and collaborative to learn.  I loved it.
Good to give you and overview of what this course is going to take you!
This course is an excellent introduction to the basics of data science!
This class makes the whole pictures of R clearly and simply understood.
great starting point for people who want to learn to use R and RStudio
Excellent Course. Good to have hands-on exposure on R-Studio & GitHub.
Great course to get familiar with tools used by modern data scientists
It helps me gain basic knowledge about R and other data science tools.
It's my start towards a new career , Thanks to all for your guidance .
It is very useful, but it can contains githud desk application as well
Well said right at start it all about intro. I 'm happy what I learned
A good introduction for people who just enter the door of data science
This is an amazing course created by John Hopkins.  I loved taking it.
The tutorials have the ideal information about the data science course
Really nice intro to a specialization I'm looking forward to!! Cheers!
good initiation for those who want to begin in data science experience
Great Course, sets the foundations for the rest of the Specialization.
Learn a lot of new things that are useful in using Rstudio and GitHub
Easy to learn. Highly recommended for those who are new in the field.
Great course and amazing content to start learning about data science
This course introduced me to the fundamental concepts of data science
This course is Excellent.I learnt about how to use data science tools
The course was very good and teaches everything from the basic level.
its great to have data science course on coursera. thank you coursera
crisp content and on to the point without any fluffrecommend it 10/10
Good way to get started and get some insights on the used vocabulary.
The course is perfect,it teaches the tools very effective and simple.
It's a nice and very helpful course about the tools in Data Scientist
Good course for the beginners.Really loved all the topics!!Awesome!!!
Really this course was very useful as an introduction to data science
Awesome one stop package on to the journey of being a data scientist.
Gave me basic introduction on the tools required. Good for beginners.
This course is well organised to start the journey of data scientist.
I learnt new things.. I am super Excited to move on to R Programming.
Everything was explained well in details. really good for beginners.
Awesome beginner course. I learnt a lot and I hope to learn more. 👍
This course Was very helpful, I learned a lot throughout the course.
Thank you! Coursera for giving such great content to learn and grow.
Great course for starters. A must have for aspiring Data Scientists.
great start for whom who want to learn data science from scratch....
Amazing course. Most importantly it kills your fear for Data Science
Perfect course for beginners into this amazing field of data science
Very basic and good introduction to the Data Science Specialization!
This course appropriately emphasizes the importance of using GitHub.
Very basic introductory course. Great for newcomers to Data Science.
Informative course, really answers my question what is data science.
Excellent course gives you a lot pf tools to face the changing world
Nice introduction to data science tools and learn a lot of new stuff
to start into the world of Data Science, this course is perfect one.
This is a great course for people who are beginners in data science.
great introductory course but could have been more beginner-friendly
Great introductory course into the world of Data Science, Git and R!
Great for beginners to take an idea of using R, Rstudio effectively
Complete, useful and interesting. It has a good level. Recommended.
Very good...But the robotic voice has been becoming so annoying. :(
Excellent course material with easy to understand videos and notes.
So easy to follow, thanks! Appreciate the video and printouts, too.
Very well designed.  Slower pace for the first course is excellent.
Great ! This course gives many insights in the way of data science.
Good introductory course to start your data science specialization.
A well organised guides to establishing right path for data science
Great introduction on Data Science and data analytics to begin with
Easy to start and give general overview of the data scientist field
An excellent basic course to understand about data science toolbox.
Congratulations for the course guys...Thanks for the laborious work
I really enjoyed the course, with a well-designed time and proposal
Really nice course! I'm looking forward to start with the next one!
Excellent course. New things learned in perspective of Data Science
Great Intro to Data Science and online course work! Easy to follow.
It is a good course and gives a very nice intro to the tools for R.
A good overall intro to the tools and approaches in analyzing data.
More of a warm-up than a course. Great intro to the specialization.
highly recommend for people that they want to be data scientist  .
Great course to start with when you want to go into data analysis.
Provides essential knowledge about setting up Github and R-Studio.
It is actually a great course to start feeling comfortable using R
Very helpful and has helped me begin my journey In Data analytics!
Very well explained lectures about key tools used in data science.
i love the content and  delivery .Worth spending my precious time!
excellent course to get started with in the field of Data Science.
The course is a great introduction to Data Science Specialization.
At this very early stage the courses are really well structured!!!
It is wonderful course which help me learning Data Science better！
Very well designed for beginners in Git, GitHub, Unix commands, R.
Good basic intro. Love the ability to set the video speed to 1.5x.
Thank you coursera for the studies, it was all a great experience.
Very intuitive and technical as necessary for a beginner's course.
Great course to get you started on R and GitHub for data analysis
Thank you madam and helping teamI am thankful for learning GITHUB
This course Is very super i improve my skill . then useful for me
Really insightful and informative! Thoroughly enjoyed this class.
Great course! very good and informative intro to R and Git/GitHub
It's not a difficult subject but it's not easy. Happy to graduate
Great course... I was able to internalise what they were teaching
A great course for who wants to start a career as Data Scientist!
Very good intro to the basic tools and principles of data science
Overview and Introduction to Data Science is best organized here.
Very hapy with this course in terms of organisation and material!
Excellent introduction to the tool needed to be a data scienctist
It helps me a lot to understand the basic concept of data science
Good summary of the available tools for a budding data scientist!
Very Good Course... Learned new things.... Adviced for Beginners.
Very Basic and informative Course. Looking Forward to next course
Interesting learning the basics of Data science. Very informative
Nice introduction to the subject and the tools used in the field.
Good intro and start of your data scientist career in my opinion.
For someone very new to this field, this is a great introduction!
well organized course with good content and examples. Thank you!
Overall is good, but the robot voice is a little bit disturbing.
Excellent course you will really learn the power of data science
I love the notes in this course. its easy to review the material
A great course to get started with DataScience and R Programming
Well explained all functionality of tools used in data science..
Very useful and informative course for Data Science fundamentals
It is an amazing course to get started in world of data science.
Had fun learning. Very systematic and carefully laid out course.
Great Experience with this course. Notes is very much help full.
This course was very informative on the fundamentals of using R.
An excellent introduction to the contents of the specialization.
Very elaborate and precisely aligned with my learning interests.
It is very good course it gives me new idea about data scientist
A quick and easy introduction to R and the field of data science
Quite interesting presentations with clear guides on what to do.
Easily Understandable. Nice Presentations and Good Explanations.
Excellent introductory tour for anyone new to Data science area.
Excellent content to get started on the Data Scientist journey !
I am up to date with all the current software development tools.
good course, a very well done introduction to this vaste subject
Amazing course. Very useful content with friendly lecture videos
Good for beginners.  MOOC 2 is suddenly overwhelming after this!
Gives a basic idea on the further courses. It's a useful course.
It is really good to learn new things, thank you Coursera / JHU!
Clear, structured and effective. Nice and useful slides as well.
Very crisp and short.... like the way in which presented by Leek
I like this course. It is very informative though rather simple.
This course was well paced and provided clear learning material.
Very good course materials, videos and quizzes. Learnt a lot. :D
A good course with high quality information and good presenters.
Get way to quickly familiarize yourself with the specialization.
This course is the write spot to start the data science journey
Great modules. Easy to understand and user friendly. Thank you!
Efficient and well organized, would gladly recommend taking it.
Beginner / Foundational course for Data Science using R Studio.
Well guided course, evaluates on time according to lesson level
Basic but very well organised Thanks To all JHU Faculty & Staff
very clear introduction and step by step guidance on setting up
Good basic introduction to R, Github and Data Science analysis.
It is a good course with a good instructor and useful material.
very straightforward and easy. instructions are very clear too.
Great starter course. Looking forward to learning more about R.
A good starting point for starting the Data Science carrier! :)
Provides a very solid foundation for the data scientist journey
It is good for make solid ground of this Specialization I Think
Great intro to the tools used in R and the rest of this course.
Great orientation to the material. I'm looking forward to more!
Well planned and structured course,With perfect grading system.
Gives a good intuition to the meaning of being a Data Scientist
It's a good overview for people who is started in Data Science!
The course is very simple, but valid as an introductory course.
I am very satisfied as the course! He brings me great insights.
Got understanding on various concepts of Data science and tools
A very good introduction to Data science and the required tools
Well equipped with contents to begin with  data science course.
A nice course, it helps you learning the basic of data science.
Great intro for a beginner.  Fun course.  Definitely recommend.
I loved it.  Quick and concise way to start the specialization.
Great introduction to the used software such as R and Git(hub).
I found this course very helpful and I had learned a lot of new
Very informative on the tools and basic elements of the course.
Great course with de basic topic about data scientis's toolbox
I loved the course. Looking forward to more courses like this.
Excellent introduction!, I´m really excited about this course!
A great course for beginning with Big Data, RStudio and Github
The course is very competitive. I enjoyed learning everything.
Nice for beginners, but I wish it wasn't in the Specialization
Good concise piece of knowledge of tools used in data science.
It's amazing course .we had learned more than our expectations
Short but good one.Easy to understand and confidence boosting.
it provides me a good way to get into data science. Thank you!
great introduction, I look forward to the rest of the courses!
well organized, and the peer review is easier than I expected.
It was a good way to start and to learn some general concepts.
Great to start. Understanding the basic tool in Data Scientist
It is very helpful for the beginners to set up the software wh
Pretty basic in its coverage, but it was a helpful background.
Great insight to different types of data analytics and basics.
It is an introductory course which will help you get started!!
Nice introduction to common tools in the area of data science.
A good introduction to the language and tools of data science.
Lays the groundwork for the next course in the specialization.
2 weeks in. Just got my Github setup. I already feel rewarded.
Cool course.. covered required basic knowledge in data science
This is a very good introduction to R programming and Github.
Have gained practical knowledge about Data Science Toolboxes.
It was with very clear instructions. Learned a lot. Thank you
The Hands On of the Data Scientist Toolbox COurse was Awesome
good for beginner like me, from clueless to a bit of hands-on
Best course for Absolute beginners. Teaches you from scratch.
Helped me get a bunch of programs installed and a nice intro.
Very good course with challenging and interesting assignments
wonderful course. but one of my questions were not resolved .
Everything, the contents, examples are very comprehensive. :)
Nice course to get started in the path to data science with R
Probably the best way to start tour data scientist's journey.
I learned  a wealth of information in a short period of time.
its a great introduction to the tools needed for data science
Quick and easy introduction to tools that data scientists use
Thank You Sir. I really feel blessed I opted for this course.
Is a excelent brief introduction to basic Data Science tools.
Good introduction as to what is important about Data Science.
It is really a step-by-step course! I am ready to learn more!
Great introduction to Data Science, great teacher and slides!
Very useful introduction to the tools used to get us started.
Great course, brought me to Github, myself would never do it.
Very good, well structured and grading by peers is a good one
Really good course to shed the light on R and Git for newbies
That's a good startup to excite you about the coming courses!
Very good, but i missed portuguese subtitles in many videos.
Great introductory course to data science and R Programming.
I have learned interesting lesson on this one attempt alone.
It is an excelent course, I learn the basics of data science
Its very interesting but the voice of computer its not good.
Excellent Content and Good Teachers .love to do this course.
A simple yet fundamental class for approaching data science.
Great course covering all the basics of using R effectively.
Nice coursework and I learned set up for RStudio and Github.
Great introductory course to get started with R programming!
A Great Place to start! Please proceed with full confidence.
Nice course design by team members.it was easy to understand
Very good course to start the data science learning journey.
Nice course. Good to have as a foundation for data analysis.
Good Introductory Course. Thank You for offering the course.
Great course, nice introduction for a specialization course.
Great introduction to Git, GitHub, and installing R/RStudio.
This course helping me actually what is the Data scientists?
Very helpful to seize all the basics regarding Data Science.
really easy and nice course to give you basic understanding!
A perfect first step in the ladder of being a Data scientist
Pushing file to GitHub from GitBash could use clarification.
5’ is not enough to express my desier to study data science.
Really helpful for learning basic Git and setting up Github.
Nice introduction to statistics and tools. Great instructor.
Very helpful course, an excellent introduction to the field.
Amazing course for those who are new in data science with R
on high level , basics are explained very well. Good course
Helps to set up all the necessary programs to analyze data.
Course gives preview of platforms such as GitHub ,R studio.
Excellent course, really easy to understand, very detailed.
I like this online course very muchThe most suitable for me
Vwery nice course. Great if your are doing a specialization
The course is very good and its lecture pace is all so good
Great introduction about data science, gitHub, and RStudio.
Very good beginning for this specializing. i am enjoying it
Good overview of all the skills necessary for Data Science.
Very interesting course to start on this field of knowledge
very nice lessons and very enjoyable.i enjoyed the lessons.
Amazing intro to the basics of data science and tools used.
Did the job of introducing and teaching me how to use tools
The course lectures are very well designed! I just love it!
The course provide insights about Data analysis in general.
I am liking the way the training imparted by the educators.
Great introduction for beginners to the data science field.
Very nice introduction to data science that the tools used.
Great course to get started with the basics of data science
Love this course, now I'm strugging with the other courses.
Definitely useful to get a start in the data science stream
Excellent Introduction with brief descriptions of subtopics
Very good introductory course to start with on Data Science
Very easy to follow. Quiz are really helpful to do a check
Very objective courso to introduce you to the Data Science
The course was very insightful! Learnt a lot about GitHub.
Great start looking forward to complete the specialization
It's perfect to get started in the world of Data Scientist
its really useful but we need little bit of concentration.
A great introduction to the main concepts of data science.
Basic courese to get you up to speed on the required tools
I really enjoyed the course and found it more than helpful
Very good course to get the basic skills for R programming
very nice n helpful course. its easy to learn n understand
Nice course get to learn the fundamentals of data science.
Quick start and very easy to get high marks, nice tuition!
Basic Intro of some tools that new Data Scientist will use
A brief introduction to data science and the course track!
Very informative and gives succinct knowledge of the topic
Great overview -- was challenging but not TOO challenging.
very helpful and good start to data science specialization
Great Intro to R for those completely new to data science.
Very good course for a beginner with just the right pace!!
I strongly recommend taking this course! Very informative.
The course is very organized, helpful and up to the point.
It is one of the most interesting lesson I have ever take.
Excellent course to start my journey towards data sciences
Nice, reasonable introduction to the tools of this series.
Good start for freshman to get into the data science field
Good course to learn about data management and processing
Excellent course. Nicely explained for beginners like me!
some ambiguity at the end ...but I like it thanks for all
Super practical and hands on. Great course for beginners.
It was awesome i am really enjoyed these organization...!
Good introduction into the Data Science methods and tools
The assigned works were nicely presented and done. Kudos!
Thanks to instructors for giving headstart to Datascience
It's an excellent introduction to know the tools to use R
Very well structured and explained! Suited for beginners.
Nice Course I've gained good knowledge about data science
Good for beginners with little experience in data science
It's an amazing course. Looking forward to other courses.
Excellent way to start data science specialization course
It's a good course to start into data science as a newbie
this intro course is genarally good. Quite complex in wk2
It is useful. Thanks to it, I set it all up successfully.
Nice course. Provided good foundation for future courses.
This is a fantastic course for beginners on Data Science.
Very interested, the git homeworks, took me a lot of time
That's helpful for R learners who just start their study.
It is very interesting course and full of things to learn
Great basic overview for the data science specialization!
The best way to start our path in the Data Science world.
This is an ideal starting point for data science journey.
Very good overview of the core principles of data science
Course was excellent. Learnt a lot.Had a good experience.
Great starting course for the Data Science Certification!
A good and simple introduction to the Data Science field.
Its good learning a lot and looking forward to learn more
SUPER NICE!THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR ALL THE INFORMATION!!!
A very detailed guide for setting up working environment.
Great course! I like it :)  and it  punch me in git :D :)
Great course!! I strongly recommend.
Cheers,Gustavo Xerez
The course was really insightful. Enjoyed a lot ! Thanks.
Excellent course to understand the basic of data science.
Great, informative, updated. easy steps to follow along.
This course is excellent because show many tools about R
A course with the lot of actual work life related topics
Great starting point and solid fundamentals for growing.
It opens your mind to totally new world of data science.
Amazing course to give hands on experience to a beginner
Great for the newbie to learn and understand the basics.
Good Course but I think that human interactive is better
Good introductory start to data science tools available.
Very well designed.  The content is very well delivered.
The best way to start in this new world of data science!
Good steps for installing tools.  Up to date.  It works!
Awesome Introduction. Really want to learn with you guys
A very good course to start learning something about DS.
This course was really a fun learning experiment for me.
Perfect introductory course in using R for data science.
Great course for who is getting start with data science.
Interesting, well organized, and incredible informative.
Fast paced simple introductory course. Enjoyed it a lot.
Very Nice Course to start the journey on Data Science..!
Good course to kick start your interest in Data Science.
it was great and every concept was explained very well.
one of the beginners tool! A starting step for success.
It starts with fundamentals and It's an updated course.
Good Course for a data scientist who is starting out !!
Great course, especially your AI that read all of that.
Wonderful course to start! Would highly recommend this!
Good course. I don't like the automated videos however.
An excellent introduction for key components of using R
Great course to get started and prepare. really toolbox
Nice and necessary instruction to get everything setup!
Very basic yet informative. A good introduction course.
Excellent course.Very useful and informative.I enjoyed.
i have received massive recommendations for this course
I love learning new things, and this course gave me it.
Love this! Very comprehensive and easy to follow along.
Very thorough intro t R, RStudio and Terminal/Git Bash.
Extremely useful for those, who are new in data science
Excellent course and teaching! Great job Team Coursera.
Great introduction to data science, git, github, and R.
The content is good.still some content should be added.
Very help towards the journey of learning Data Science.
Really well-made course.  I learned so much! Thank you
I got some basic knowledge that are so understandable.
Excellent course! Really
useful tools and information.
Quite useful info to get started with in Data Science.
Excellent introduction to the Data Science world and R
This is a great course to start learning data science.
It was really the required first step in this process.
Brilliant course for an introduction to data analysis!
All things are covered as required. Easy to understand
Great background information on best-practice R usage.
A very good starter course for newbies in DataScience!
Exceptionally well laid out course. Thank you, JH Team
Really great explanations and cohesion of information!
A basic, but important starting spot for Data Science.
I learnt how to use Github! This is practical at work!
Keep to the point and very good taught by instructors.
Excellent introduction to a challenging specialization
Good introduction to git and learning to work with it.
Gives a profound overview with well-selected examples.
Great online course.  I can't wait for the 2nd course.
great, can't wait to finish the entire specialization.
Excellent course with great didactic. Congratulations!
Great fundamentals, choose your pace, well explained.
Easy to follow, good stepping stone for new starters!
Great course. I highly recommend it for Data Science.
Excellent course..A very innovative way of learning..
I liked very much, because ir a course very completed
Basics are clearly mentioned. One needs to study more
best course with best representation of  each concept
Very basic and easy to understand. Thank you coursera
Great course to learn the basics. Highly recommended.
Excellent course, about the Data Scientist's Toolbox.
the assignment was very good for introductory purpose
Useful tour through Github and it's link to R Studio!
Gr8 course for anyone who wants to start data science
Very clear and sophisticated intro to specialization!
Very nice to start and understand the Github concepts
Good Intro to Data Science and the program to follow.
Exciting course. Thanks Coursera, Professors and JHU.
Good Intro!  Lets get to the MEAT of Data Science! =)
Amazing Course.My first course that i have completed.
very interesting and nice start for the next courses.
Great session for learning the basics in Data Science
Great for first steps on getting the enviroment ready
Basic introduction and programming for data analysis.
Good introduction, the first step is always important
Seemed like a great course for beginning programming!
A really nice overview of tools used in Data Science!
Great introduction for Data Science. Easy to follow.
Good Foundation course for data Science enthusiasts.
The course is really instructive and easy to follow.
Great course, made me so excited to learn every day.
Excelente Course, just the computer voice in videos.
ITS A GOOD KNOWLEDGE GAINING SOURCE. THANKS COURSERA
A good course for someone starting with Data Science
very well taught and helped me to learn Thank You !!
Excellent learning session of Data Scientist Toolbox
Good for basic understanding of Data Science Toolbox
Extra sources this courses has is just mind blowing.
A comfortable introduction to a lot of useful tools.
Very informative course for beginners in datascience
Nice Course for Introductory Purpose of Data Science
Very good introduction to the topic of Data Science.
It is my first finished course.It was worth enjoying
Its easily the best way to start as a Data scientist
It was a good exercise and learnt something new in R
Highly recommended for a fine and gentle Intro to R.
good course on setting up with github, R and RStudio
it was a very good start in the field of data sience
excellent course. very easy to understand everything
Widely helpful course for Data Science introduction.
Its the best course taught to get your basics right.
Good introductory look into the use of data science.
Great start to developing and sharing data and ideas
Great introduction to data science and the R package
good for understanding, what is data science? n all,
Very nice introduction, especially to git and github
Great to be starting to learn R, RStudio and Github!
It's helpful to setup data science work environment.
Very nice and useful into, worth the time and effort
Basic content with detail course materials. Helpful.
Brief and great introduction to Data Scientist arena
Excellent course for Data science and R programming
very useful to start with your Data Science journey
This is excellent step to go to data science world.
Excellent way to learn tool to apply in a workflow.
Best course to understand the basics of R, RStudio.
Great and very useful to get started in R + Github!
Thanks for lectures hope this is very useful course
really nice course to get started with data science
Thanks for clearing basic doubts regarding R Studio
Great approach to set up yourself for a good start!
Amazing... I really love this course.Thank you guys
Learned a good foundation and better understanding.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course and its challenges
Very accurate designed course for the given topics.
Great introduction course to tools of data science.
Easy enough for complete beginners to follow along.
Good lecturers, good material and reasonable paste!
Great introductory course about data science tools!
Ideal for beginners, easy to follow and understand.
good course material......presentation is also best
Nice to have basic course overview and tools setup.
Great course to get started with the world of Data.
Very good introduction to the world of data science
Great start to the course. Nice introduction to Git
Excellent starter course for this 9 course journey.
Basic Introduction to data science good for newbies
Great introduction to the field and specialization.
Good Introduction to Data Scientist essential tools
A perfect course to build the base in data science.
Very good course explaining basics of Data Science
Good for clearing basics of Data Science. Loved it
Really nice and understandable. Thank you so much!
It is a very good guide to start using data tools.
Excellent course that motivates you to learn more!
The course is great to understand the fundamentals
This course is a good introduction to Data Science
I learned some hilarious ideas about data science.
Coursera really provides very good online classes.
I  learned git hub, which is really useful for me!
Good first start for Intro version of data science
Real good start to the Data Science Specialization
A very comprehensive introduction to data science!
Good first course, I enjoyed it and learn Github!!
definitely a good start for data science learning.
Great Course to understands basics of Data Science
Fantastic. Well thought out . Excellent execution.
Great intro to R programming and how to use github
Outstanding overview for getting started with Data
Easy to understand, and follow. It's a good start.
An elegant start to Data Science tools. Great Job!
It was  nicely  conducted  and the flow  was great
Great introduction into the field of Data Science!
Good course with very good foundation information.
First course of specialization easy for understand
Very basic and helpful to new learners! Thank you!
Course content gives a clear and easy information.
Good introduction to data science necessary tools.
Excellent pace and clarity. Well, design program!
It's a great course for beginner in data sciences
Great course, very informative! Highly recommend!
I like it very much. It's a course for begginers.
Nice Course to get introduced with all the tools.
A very good course to start of with date science.
Was fun throughout, very productively structured.
very nice course for the beginning of the subject
It helped to me get to know R. Thank you so much!
A very useful introduction to Data science tools.
Good for starting the journey toward data science
Great introduction to the basics for Data Science
Excellent introduction to key concepts and tools.
Good. They are teaching the very basic knowledge.
This course was very informative and interesting.
Very interesting and helpful course for beginners
Good intro to the toolchain needed in development
very descriptive with good material and examples.
Great content and teachers. I strongly recommend.
very goo starting course, it helps set oneself up
good introduction and presentation of Fundamental
Very good start , excellent support and materiel.
I learned a lot about Git and GitHub.Thank you!!!
Great introductory course for the specialization.
Very informative.  A great start to the sequence.
Course is very descriptive. One can easily learn.
The course gave me refreshment and new knowledge.
Simply loved the course. Thanks for the material.
It's awesome introduction course of Data Science!
The material is apt and the timeline is also apt.
Great and Excellent thoughts and course material.
Brilliant intro! Also a great (easy) CV filler :D
Gets you all set up! Essential if you're new to R
Good foundational understanding of tools required
Good introduction to basic tools and future work.
am grateful to had joined this course. thank you
It is a great course, very useful for beginners.
Very helpful course and designed systematically.
Loved this Course.. Thank You to the Instructor.
Great Course. Logical order and very educational
I have learnt about the basics of R and Rstudio.
Good explanation and excelent sequence of module
Great to know about tools used for data science.
Great course, very friendly videos and language.
Excellent course. Really clear and step-by-step.
A very good understanding of the course material
A good course to get started with Git and GitHub
Informative course, well organized and presented
The course is very clear and easy to understand.
Interesting and instruction are simple to follow
Good inputs on the introduction of Data Science!
Good, short introduction to tools & motivations.
Very useful course for future data science work.
very good to understand from zero to top level .
Great Material and a great start to Data Science
Excellent course and challenging for a beginner!
Great course to get started with good base scope
Really useful education for beginner, thank you!
Good overview about the Data Scientist's Toolbox
I like this course because It was easy to learn.
Great introduction to Data Science and its tools
Great starter course for complete newbs like me!
My first coursera ever. Comprehensive and clear.
Easy straightforward course, good for beginners.
very good intro to the Data scientist's toolbox.
good way to start! Clear and easy to understand.
A great introduction to Data Science and GitHub!
a helpful toolbox intro to get beginner started.
Great course overview and prep for Data Science.
Very straightforward and well documented course
Great course for the beginners in Data Science.
Nice intro to field of R. Really knwoledgeable.
Very well structured course, easy to understand
It is a good platform for learning Data Science
Very good basics course. Helped me get started.
Great introduction into the Data Science World.
I learned a bunch of new things in this course.
Thank you for introducing me about data science
I like the point that "problem > data". Thanks!
Perfectly planned course for beginners like me.
Very useful for an introduction to data Science
Nice faculty and very practical way of teaching
Great intro to data science and relevant tools!
Good accumulation of all the required material.
An excellent beginner course focused on basics.
Excellent!! Waiting for the others 9 courses!!!
A good intro to the tools used in data science.
Good introduction and instructions to get ready
Great introduction to Data Scientist's Toolbox.
Good ground level introduction to data science.
Great Start to a an informative specialization!
IT PLEASURE TO CONNECT WITH YOU AND GIVE ENJOY
good experience to learning school is coursera
Simple, cool, can´t wait for the other course.
Well explained and great Data Science concepts
Very simple, neatly explained and informative.
Great course for establishing the fundamentals
Its really a very complete well tought course!
This course is very useful and easy to peruse.
This is the best course so far on Data Science
very helpful!! and easily explained everything
Amazing in every way. Step by step to success.
Excellent Course I have learned a lot from it.
Easy to follow, very nicely organized courses.
Extensive but Simple course material to digest
A very helpful course to the beginner like me!
Good start! the course is easy and meaningful.
great basic understanding of data information.
engaging course material, very easy to follow.
Its a good introductory course to data science
this part way helpful in setting up my git hub
nice course step by step learning is processed
Great course to go through on a busy schedule.
Great course with easy to understand lectures!
one  of the best course i received as online .
Great course and introduction to Data Science.
Great at fundamentals with practical examples.
Very good! I like the way the course is given!
Fabulous course on the basics of data science.
nice introduction about data science and tools
Good introduction to the world of data science
A nice introduction to the rest of the course.
I really liked it!Good and interesting course!
Good introduction to  data scientist's toolbox
Tanks a lot, This course was very interesting
I feel encouragement and have lot of support.
It was very enlightening experience. Thankyou
Good Materials and understandable demo videos
A great course to start with. A big thanks...
Very nice course, learn alot from this course
Excellent course different from other courses
It was very instructive and details was good.
The course greatly helps with GitHub. Thanks.
Good foundation for analyzing scientific data
Great and focused overview. Helpful overview.
A mandatory to keep you on Data Sceince Track
still required in depth concept about github.
Great first module! Engaging and interesting.
It is objective and with excelent methodology
For beginners this is the right way to start.
I really enjoyed how this course was set out.
A good intro to data science tools and basics
Achieved everything laid out in the syllabus.
Great Introduction to the Data science world.
Great easy introduction on how to get started
Excellent course for wanna be data scientists
Good course to whole overview of data science
Setting up Github is so important. Thank you!
It was a great introduction to data scientist
Good Introduction For Data Science Beginners.
This is a great introduction to Data Science.
Excelent, very simple and good to understand
Even though is a lot of information.......-)
Very easy to follow course, I learned a lot!
Nice intro in tools! Github / RStudio basics
Great Experience. Indeed very useful course.
This is the best content. Thank you Coursera
educational, Easy to learn and user friendly
Excellent Walkthrough Given for Data Science
This course is the best course for beginners
The way u deliver the content is really good
I really like the part about Git and Github!
The best starting point for a Data scientist
Excellent course.got very helpful knowledge.
It is great because it discussed the basics.
Met my expectations of a data science course
Great intro to R programming and Git/Github.
An Exellent course, the best I've ever done.
This was a great experience for basic setup.
Excelent course! Great introduction.Thanks!!
Insightful course with a good understanding.
Gives nicely the introduction to statistics.
Perfect Introduction to R based Data Science
A clear introduction, prepped for whats next
Awesome content. I'm happy with the results.
It is ok...Good overview of what is to come!
Very good course for data science beginners.
great introduction into data science. thanks
Good course for you to have basic concepts.
All the tools explained in a very easy way.
A great introduction to R, Rstudio and Git.
Good first steps with R, Rstudio and Github
Detailed, does the job. Need Update though.
Course is easy to understand and implement.
Its a very helpful and easy to learn course
Great explanation for studying dat science!
Great refresher on git and version control.
good overview of RStudio, git, and Big Data
Excellent content and very well structured.
It was a good start to this amazing course.
The study mode is flexible and interesting.
A very useful introduction of data science.
Nice course, with a lot of basic knwoledge.
Very good course and very good instructors.
Good introduction to data and data science.
An excellent course for a beginner like me.
Very good introduction to the Data Science!
I enjoyed this intro course, very basic but
Thank you for the great course and content!
Good Course to kick-start data science....!
Very informative.excellent way of teaching.
it is good for new starters to data science
Very useful introduction about Data Science
very good basic start to the specialization
Simple, intuitive and fun to learn process!
It's well structured and I've learnt a lot.
Fantastic course - serves as a basic block.
Excellent Course. Will highly recommend it.
So far it is great...just starting week two
It is good, but I think they speak so fast.
wonderful foundation to the specialization!
Excellent introduction at a leisurely pace.
The lessons are perfect for understanding!
Very Well Structured for Skill Enhancement
A very good starting point to Data Science
Great course to begin with data science...
I learned a lot of things from this course
Very Simple but very nicely planned course
Very well designed for first-time learners
Great preparation course for data science.
Well organized and well structured course.
This was a fine introduction to the tools.
Very helpful step-by-step learning course!
It's a entry point to be a data scientist!
The content  is very good and easy to lean
Great introductory course to data science.
This course give me a way to my new career
Great Course for Beginners in Data Science
one of the best introductions to a topic .
I really learned a lot! Thank you so much.
Great introductory course for Data science
An excellent introduction to Data Science!
Great Introductory course to Data Science.
Good and easy introduction to Data Science
Nice course for an introduction, Excellent
It's enough for the beginner. A good guide
Awesome course to start data science with.
Very helpful introduction to data science.
My first step in my new world...I love it!
Good intro to know tools for data science
Great way for a beginner to get started!!
It is quite good to introduce this course
This is an excellent course for beginners
Really great!!!!!!! Fabulous course!!!!!!
Great introduction to data science with R
It was great introduction to data science
A very good introduction to data science.
It's a great course for the beginner of R
Learnt a lot more than I thought I would.
Good basic understanding of data science.
Important steps to start. Great Insights.
Really good overview and tool box options
I found git & git-hub tools very helpful.
Basic stuff in a way, but quite enjoyable
Good summarized introductory short course
Great support and great content delivery!
A good introduction to data science tools
Great course, materials are well prepared
A good course as an intro to data science
Good course. makes acquainted with basics
Very clear with basic information require
Very concise and articulate and engaging.
Excellent start point to learn the tools.
Extremely well explained and informative.
Good course, very helpful to get started.
Very helpful in understanding the essence
Good introduction to data science using R
Perfect start for the Data Science course
Nice build-up to the courses that follow.
One of the best course and well explained
Fun and easy, and still very informative.
perfect intro. thank to coursera and jhu.
It was great introduction course. Thanks!
Simple, useful, keeps you on track. Artem
Great insights and helpful for beginners.
Very well done online course.  Thank you.
sample,it is fit the first study student.
As advertised, satisfied with the content
very helpful. and Easy to understand! :)
Very easy to follow and very insightful.
Its a very knowledge full course for me.
Good foundation into this amazing field.
Excellent platform to learn new subjects
The basic course is explained very well.
It is very useful to developing a skills
Very informative and convenient to learn
Very informative, covers all the basics!
Very helpful to get a good start with R.
Great fundamental study of data science.
Everything cool, taught in a simple way.
Good one for a beginner in data science.
It was great course for someone starting
Sets you up for success in other courses
Loved it. This was a very nice overview.
Good introduction to data science tools.
Great introduction to the specialization
Very explanatory course. Liked it a lot.
Great first introduction to Data Science
Demanding efficient and precise. Thanks.
Good Introduction and start to the field
Very useful start to the data sci track.
Done. This course is neat and enjoyable.
A very good course for beginner like me!
Great learning! Looking forward to more!
Great setup for the full specialization.
Nice introduction and overview of tools.
A good intro to the needed tools. Thanks
Good introduction to this specialization
clear and good. Recommended to every one
It's a good introduction to Data Science
Just doing week 1 and loving it already.
a well defined course to know the basics
Very useful for introducing data science
Good start to R, GitHub and Data Science
Brief Explanation about git and GitHub.
Good introduction, perhaps too general.
Very nice introduction to Data Science!
Very nice course, glad to had taken it.
loved the robo voiceover please keep it
Best course for basic knowledge so far.
Awesome write up and explanatory skill.
i enjoyed the class and way of teaching
Toolbox is a basic and involving course
Very Good for Insight into Data science
This course is essential to initiate SD
great start for my data science srudies
Easy to understand, and great teaching.
Great beginning course in Data Science.
A really nice way to start this course.
An easy way to start with data analysis
Yes.its worth doing.Really interesting.
Got me interested in learning the tools
Awesome course with awesome professors!
Excellent start for the specialisation.
Good Course, Great Content for Starting
Great, concise refresh on key concepts.
Pretty good to learn about Git & Github
Great basic explanation for the course.
Very basic and insightful introduction.
Very well organized course. Well done .
Excellent introduction to R programming
Nicely taught and good course contents.
The course is excellent for beginners!!
Very well though through and organized.
I really liked it and understanded it.
Cool course, very basic but necessary.
Fascinating course for data starters!!
This is the best course for beginners.
Best course for intro to the toolboxes
best material for enhancing the skills
It was nice to go through this course.
I have learned a lot from this course!
Nice, simple, and comprehensive course
Very informative course. Great Content
Excellent introduction to Data Science
Very good introduction to Data Science
good starting course for the beginners
good course, good focus on the basics.
Very informative and organised course.
Very informative and straight forward.
It's basic lecture for data scientist!
Thanks for helping me learn the basics
Good starting course for data science.
I really benefit a lot for the course！
Well Organised and Easy to understand.
thanks for the course. It was helpful.
Good introduction for the whole course
Great beginning to the specialization.
Simple to follow, highly recommend it!
Very good practice about data science.
Amazing Experience of Online Learning.
great introductory course. enjoyed it.
Great for beginners to start off with!
Excellent intro to Data Analyst tools!
Very good introduction to the subject.
Very nicely put together. Enjoyed it.
Perfect introduction to Data Science!
It was really an interesting course .
Amazing teaching...worth every minute
A great course for complete beginner.
Amazing course. Tools well-explaines.
I leartn a lot. Thanks everyone here!
The Git and GitHub lessons are GREAT!
Very impressive lessons~ Many thanks!
Clear and complete course. Thank you!
Great learning curve from this course
Very good course, easy to understand.
helps me a lot knowing toolbox basics
Great intro for anyone to start from.
Excellent Course! Hope to learn more!
Great insight to Data Scientist Tools
Good start for working with DS tools.
Helped out install the right programs
I enjoyed this course it's very good!
Covered all basic about data science.
Just the introductory course I needed
Baby steps to become a data scientist
Amazing info for the beginners !!!!!!
Very nice introduction to this world.
It boosted my career in data science!
Very good introduction to the course.
So far this course is pretty amazing.
Good introduction about Data toolbox!
Awesome! It's a good place to start.
Presents the course with excellence!
excellent course. thanks to coursera
exceptional course for a beginner !!
It is very useful for the beginners.
This course is very useful for me...
The best course offered by Coursera.
Totally worth the time and effort!!!
The right way to get into the field.
Very Informative course to start by.
EXCELLENT AND AWESOME WAY TO EXPLAIN
Awesome course. Will help you a lot.
nicely design and easy to understand
A good introduction to Data Science.
Very useful during the entire course
Excellent introduction to the topic.
very helpful..teach you step by step
Excellent introduction to the tools!
Finished in a day or two. Very Easy!
Awesome Content and Awesome Course!!
Basic, but excellent course. Thanks!
This is awesome learning experience.
Necessary Basic Tools for the course
Very good base fot the next courses!
Very insightful and great materials!
excellent lecture for me. thanks you
Very methodical, easy to understand.
Awesome for the basic of the domain.
Highest quality MOOC I've taken yet.
good way to start a very wide course
It is an excellent experience so far
Awesome course, lots of takeaways!!
very professional and easy to go...
Excellent course for the beginners.
Excellent courseware for beginners.
Very simple & easy to learn course.
Very Helpful and Clear Instruction!
Very Nice Course highly Recommended
I like the new version using polly.
Very good structure and information
Good introduction to R environment.
Brilliant. Succinct and informative
Great introduction to data science.
Nice overview of concepts and tools
Very good to start on Data Science!
Great Intro course in Data Science.
Useful intro to the subject matter.
Great foundational course for Data.
Pretty awesome content and approach
A great introduction to datascience
Effective learning data and process
Very interesting with git commands.
Great introduction to data science!
Easy course, not terrifying at all!
it was wonder full course .  thanks
Very easy to follow and interesting
Great Course to learn all the tools
Good to know this stuff. Thank you.
One Of the Special and best course.
Very fun and pretty easy to follow.
Nice and clear course for beginners
Very good course, simple to follow.
Basic introduction how to install R
i am so satisfayedthank you so much
Feel Great To know about the tools.
Very useful and easy to understand.
Very interesting and good to follow
Great introduction to R programming
A good start to the specialization.
Great course - solid on the basics.
Excellent Course I learned so much!
Good introductory weekly lessons ..
A good starting point for beginner.
Very usefull to start Data Science
It was a very useful basic course!
Great learning from this course...
learnt so much definitely worth it
Good foundation for future courses
simple, but with a lot of content.
It was interesting and useful, tnx
Good intro to set up R and Git Hub
Very basic, but understandably so.
it is good for setting up the base
Very nice elaborated, good course.
Absolutely must for Data Science!!
Excelent basic course.  Thank you!
This course is very good to start!
opening the door into data science
Great introduction to the program!
Excellent overview of information.
Very enjoyable and well presented.
Best course passed til now. Great!
Does just what it says on the tin!
FOR A NEWBIE IT IS THE BEST.THANKS
Course is good and well organised.
Great intro to the specialization.
Good start in data science field.
Understanding Rstudio and Github.
great start to the specialization
Excellent course, well structured
Esay to understand. Very Helpfull
Just love the notes, helps a lot.
Very good course for Data science
Thanks for uploading this course!
The course structure was awesome.
Thank you for helping this course
Great foundation building course.
Good introduction and an overview
Great and structured introduction
Good introduction to Data Science
Good introduction to Data science
very simple lol, very descriptive
Perfect for Data Science beginner
Excellent start to a growth area!
Great introduction to the course.
Clear instructions and well paced
Nice Introduction to get started.
Good starting point for everyone!
Good course, learn a lot from it!
Very well explained and helpfull!
Its a great course and keep it up
Excellent training with nice quiz
I had a great learning experience
Easy and lucid flow and syllabus.
Basic but fruitful for begginers!
Ver good course for the beginners
Really beneficial for the career.
A nice introduction to the field.
Easy to understand, good delivery
Very clear and simplified course.
very useful and detailed courses
Recommented course for beginners
good introduction to datascience
Goood course for basic tools box
Thanks for offering this course.
Good course, extremely beginner.
It was great. Loved this course.
Very nice to learn from coursera
Very precise and understandable.
Excellent overview of the tools.
very nice course to start with!!
Best Course for machine learning
Excellent course, very organized
Totally advisable for a beginner
Great intro to the specilization
Interesting start on the subject
nice course for initial approach
A very nice introductory course.
I hope I get my certificate soon
Great Course, Excellent Delivery
Very basics explained very best.
Well, a good introductive course
really useful for fresh learners
Very well organized and helpful.
Course was good. Well Structured
I am enjoying this course a lot!
Awesome for learning.........git
Great course - highly recommend.
Great  course! Plan to continue.
It made my life easier on Github
Leart very much from this course
Good but it still too much basic
easy to understand and complete.
Great Introductory course for R.
good pace and introduction,thanx
Very interesting and motivating!
very good, I have learned much!
excelent and very useful course
Excellent intro course! Thanks!
it's good to start data science
Good to be part of this course.
Very good and enjoyable course.
Admirable novel way of teaching
Well structured, useful course.
This a Great explanation course
Best material and best guidance
Good, detailed course material.
This course was simply amazing!
A solid course. I learned a lot
Amazing concept clearing course
A Very good introduction course
Very good course for beginners!
Nice stuff! I´ve learned a lot!
A Good course for introduction.
Very good introductory courses.
Nice insight about data science
Easy to follow and very helpful
I've learned lots of new things
excellent course to begin with.
I had fun learning this course.
Precise and perfectly executed.
Well prepared and well thought!
Very well organized and useful.
I loved the course its amazing
Thank you for the great course
Very good, informative course.
Version control well explained
Thank you! It was very helpful
Very good introduction course.
Great beginning for learning R
it is a good platform to learn
Good course for data analytics
The course was well structured
Nice course for the beginners.
good way to start data science
Good material and instructors.
Exceptional Course by Coursera
Clear and simple explanations.
Amazing course. Just loved it.
Very good learning experience!
Straightforward and practical.
Very Helpful learning about DS
Good for start in data science
Great course and simple to use
excellent course for begineer.
Thanks for respect professors!
Great instructors and content!
Great place to start learning!
An awesome course for beginner
Nice! I learned something new.
Very good, easy to understand.
Very helpful. Well structured.
A great starter pack to begin.
Excellent pedagogy! Must join!
Most Recommended Course Online
Very Good Data Science Toolbox
Good information, good format.
It is proper for the beginners
very good introductory course!
A real science that I enjoyed.
Great Course, Learned a lot .
It was a good detailed course
Such a well organised course.
gREAT Course and great tutors
Thanks, I really learn a lot.
Really a great teaching guide
Great and challenging course!
great place to learn and lead
Perfect course for beginners.
Very useful course! Thank you
That was great as a beginning
Awesome course for beginnners
Great course and instructors.
Interesting and clear course!
Easy to follow, correct pace.
Very nice. detailed guidance.
Great MOOC, and very helpful.
Good start for Data Science!!
Great intro class! Thank you!
Excelent course, very usefull
first certificate, very happy
A great learning opportunity.
enjoyed the foundational info
Was  good intro to the course
Very friendly to the biginers
Git setup lesson was awesome.
Great course for a beginner !
Perfect start for the followu
Thorough and easy to follow.
It's really good thank you!!
easy and as starter its good
Great material easy learning
Good foundation and start up
Easy, but great explanations
Good course for data science
Excellent basic introduction
Very well structured course,
Amazing! to say in one word.
Great course! Very Difficult
So great and brief to learn.
thanks for letting me do it.
I really benefitted from it.
it was a very helpful course
Good for an introduction!...
Very Basic and easy to learn
Good teaching, good material
Awesome course to start with
very good, concise and clear
excellent introduction to R!
it is very interesting topic
That was a great experience.
It is an interesting course.
Great introductory course!!!
awesome course for beginners
Great and interesting course
It was a good starter course
Very interesting and useful.
Good intro. Very motivating.
easy to understand and nice
Excellent course. Thank you
Very interesting experience
The learning curve is high.
Excellent, very explanatory
this course is very rich <3
Very practical introduction
Very user friendly course !
Nice and interactive Course
Easy to learn and useful...
Very en-lighting, thank you
NIce background information
This course is very helpful
A very good introduction :D
Very helpful to a beginner.
Very useful starting point.
Great course, thanks a lot!
Excellent training approach
Really a course to pursue!!
Good Intro to Data Science!
Excellent one to start with
Great course to get started
great to start with basics!
It was great for starting !
Very useful and insightful!
It introduces useful tools.
A great course.Erwan Bonnet
maybe this review will hold
good and easily manageable.
great learning experience.
Good  introductory course!
This was really insightful
very good start to course.
very easy to follow course
This is a great beginning.
very useful course for all
it was a interessent cours
Brief but powerful course.
Great! very good intro ...
Very useful and Important.
Concise, clear and helpful
Github part is very useful
Excellent to begin with...
Good Overview of the tools
Nice course. Helped a lot.
This is nice for starters.
amazing courses  thank you
Great start to the subject
This is a good course. :-)
Great intro. Very helpful.
Get started and feel good.
Excellent thanks very much
Simple Intro and effective
very fundenmental courses.
easy to follow and learn.
Great starting experience
Very good Intro DS for me
Easy explained and useful
good content.To the point
nice course and his tutor
Very good starting point.
I loved it, it is awesome
Great Overview of Toolbox
helpful but a little easy
good set-up to the course
Good start. R seams good.
Very good starting tools.
Basic intro for begineers
Very good beginner course
Easy to follow and useful
good introduction course.
Good and Elaborate course
Useful as an introduction
Really nice introduction.
Get my feet wet with Git！
Nice flow for the course!
Great course for fresher
A very wonderfull course
Excellent course. Thanks
Good assignment practice
it's too easy and simple
Very good starter course
Great beginners course!!
Great way to get started
Quite detailed yet easy.
Good Introductory course
Well prepared, nice pace
Nice course! I liked it.
A thorough introduction!
Nice introductory Course
A real pleasure to learn
Sets a great foundation!
good introductory course
Great course!!!!!!!!!!!!
that wa a great course!
A really useful course!
Earned Great Knowledge.
It's easy to understand
Thanks for great course
Interesting and useful!
An extraordinary course
the best course ever!!!
very nice and healpfull
Thank You Team Coursera
Good Learning Platform.
Very nice introduction.
Excellent in Everything
Informative and helpful
Great for introduction.
Everything worked fine.
very useful and valuale
good coverage of basics
Well structured course.
good intro to R and GIT
Good intro to the tools
It's a very good start!
it's a very good course
This is a good course.
Nice introduction to R
A well curated  course
It's amazing course...
A good initial course.
Good and to the point.
Great starting course!
Really all that needed
best for the beginner.
Enjoyed the experience
learned basics clearly
a very good experience
Awesome introduction!!
You are awesome Bro!!!
Good course for start.
Really a good course!!
love coursera,my crush
Very nicely explained!
Insightful and Handson
Covers the basics well
Very useful and basic!
Useful insight into DS
its so so inteeresting
learnt a lot! thanks.
Very helpful, Thanks!
Easy to follow along!
Fantastic opportunity
Great Study Material.
very useful course ..
Perfect to start with
Great place to learn.
Good knowledge of the
Great starting tools!
Very good Experience!
A very nice over view
Really good material.
Going great till now.
Its a Great course...
Very Good for basics
Very well explained!
Great Starting Point
A good course indeed
good course to begin
Great Course Indeed!
Such as great course
I liked it very much
Great starting point
The course is great.
great preview course
proffesionl training
Useful and interacti
Great to start with!
It helps me a lot!!!
Its wonderful start.
extraordinary course
Nice Overview course
totally worth it !!!
I really enjoyed it!
Great kickoff course
A great introduction
Very nicee course!!
Thank you Coursera.
it was a great time
Its very good learn
Really Nice course.
very good explained
Very Helpful Course
A nice introduction
Exceptionally Good!
It's useful for me.
Great basics course
Very good content..
truly enjoyed it :D
Very good ! Thanks.
Interesting courses
Good for newcomers.
interedting  course
Meets expectations.
It is a good start.
Great way to start!
I liked the course.
Good to get started
Thanks for your job
This course is done
Great Introduction!
well guided course
useful information
Exceptionally good
Nicely structured.
it was my pleasure
Well taught course
It is really good!
Good intro course.
Thank you coursera
good to start with
It's very helpful!
It's a great start
Good For starters.
Great introduction
Good way to start!
Its really helpful
Great intro class!
Great toolbox!Tnx!
good and very easy
Its a good course.
It's good but easy
very good material
Thank you a lot!))
Good prep for R!!!
clear and helpful
very goodl course
very professional
Goof for starting
wonderful lessons
awesome xperience
Nicely Structured
concise and clear
I love Github now
really good couse
Good intro class.
It's a good start
a little bit easy
insightful course
I like the course
Amazing Teachers!
amazing course!!
nicely explained
Ideally for begs
that's very good
Very cool course
Well illustrated
Good Course Here
Very beneficial.
Easy but helpful
Great Instructor
good foundation!
Totally loved it
Well explainned
Great learnings
Very intructive
basic and clear
Just the basics
Good easy intro
Very intuitive.
Perfect Course!
A good start :)
Great Course.!!
Good for start.
A good start...
Good and simple
good structure
Awesome Class!
A great start!
A great intro!
help me a lot.
Great, Thanks!
good courses .
Great support!
Great start :D
Awesome intro.
It is perfect!
GOOD COURSE!!
Perfect intro
i am thankful
Very Nice!!!!
great course！
Great intro c
Good Course !
Great class !
Easy and fun!
It was great!
Its so great
very uselful
Solid Course
Great intro.
thank you :)
IReally Like
really good!
good start!
Very Nice!!
Nice Start.
Thats great
basic stuff
Great Class
Good Tutor!
Brilliant !
Learn a lot
it was nice
it was fun~
ENJOYED IT
Completed.
LOVE IT!!!
Good Start
It superb
Greats!!
