Very general, as a large chunck of it could apply with little change to other topics, such as IT in general, management of change etc.in the end, you know quite little, just a thin, very thin layer of knowledge, not even enough for friends discussion.To pay 45$ fo this is realovercharge, for 4 weeks with quite little substance each week.
too much opinion rather than statement supported by facts
Too low level information
Not that much of good .
I did not find much information
Waste of money hardly talks anything meaningful about AI. Better read few articles on AI then wasting money on this course
too dificult, and the professor was not helpful in clearing his point of view
This course is very useful for these days technology.
I'm not getting my certificate by mail
Nice. Good experience
I only found the optional videos to be useful, AI for everyone should be a stepping stone for non programmers to understand how different techniques work without them having to code.
Pretty basic and not very insightful. Some interesting videos and use cases, but was expecting a little more and a bit more challenging.
This was really basic. I expected much more content. Not sure this content qualifies anyone to make any sound decisions about AI.
Very trivial course and can be summarized more quickly. Most people are eager to move forward
I am done with my verification and it's better option to choose it as learning  partner.
Course Content is Just OK. Give a simple idea about AI.
I don't want to go through this course right now
Helpful for youngsters in this modern world
good course very useful to all the people
kind of vague. not much actual substance.
the content was not that much good
Boring course
I found this course to be helpful. But this is very basic. A direction on how to pursue the understanding further would have helped. Also, the fee for the content and was not that worth.
I feel the content is too light on actual advice and too generic. I understand it was meant as a non-technical course, but only 4 weeks of content that can mostly be found in previous speeches made by the author does not represent enough value for the price, especially compared to previous courses made by the same author.What is there is good, there is just not enough.
Very good coursePostitive:Clear commentary and methods of communication (visual, audio, etc)Good pace for something relaxingEasy to understand subject matter explained in a respectful wayNegative:Locked quizzesSome minor UI bugs when switching tracks, the checkmark doesn't activate. Also, the scrolling on page should keep video anchored, while speech-to-text scrolls.Suggestions:Unlock quizzes. People aren't going to pay $ for quizzes, but it helps in feeling satisfied. Locking them makes it feel like an attempt to get money, which makes sense if someone wants the Certificate, but not for quizzes. For example, should a school textbook (being borrowed from the library, perhaps) eliminate practice lessons with answers, and only provide quizzes if the book were used in a paid, formal educational setting?If the goal is to monetize the course, then it makes sense. In that case, thank you for providing the content for free. I found it valuable and interesting.
The course is a high-level overview of the field of AI and data science. While it is to be expected that in an overview course one would cover many issues at a general and non-technical level, I think the course could benefit from being shortened to one or two weeks and focused more on the technical aspects,, such as, for example, the various applications of AI/machine learning and what the state-of-the-art is in the field. Much of what last week's videos focused on would be better left to economists who specifically study these issues (e.g., productivity, impact on jobs and developing countries, etc). Andrew is clearly an authority on AI, but that does not make him an authority on economics. Overall, I though the overview was useful, but I would shorten the course and exploit the instructor's comparative advantage in understanding the technical aspects.
Clearly structures course. Touching base on several aspects off AI. Easy to follow and comprehend over duration of the course. Liked the tone, speed and clear articulate way of presenting by the instructor. Would say that this is entry level for anyone wanting to learn about what AI is and what it can/cannot do. Examples of AI systems in practice are somewhat abstract or simple. It would have been nice to see more complicated real life examples of used AI or better said ML systems. A lot can also be learned or taken up by reading current papers by leading companies.
I really esteem this course. Dr Andrew Ng is a pleasure to learn from because he is very knowledgeable, experienced and talks in a calm and respectful voice. The course material is structural in a very clear and easy to access manner with many short videos that makes it excellent for home learning. I would have preferred more practical tasks and more hard core technical facts, rather than a generalised and soft introduction to AI. I highly recommend this course.
It was very serface level, and more focused on the teams and not the AI. It is a good first level intro to the subjects, but does not really provide future resources. which is really sad. the best improvement this could have, is a "next steps" or "Start here" for business or technology focused people. if that is added, I would up my rating to a 4/5 without it, I feel cheated.
It is a solid but very general introduction to AI. Personally, I would have enjoyed a bit more content, but of course this is not the goal of this course, so I might be a bit unfair here. Also, it focuses very much on business applications of AI. If you are a Manager or CEO with no understanding of AI, this is an excellent introduction.
It is incredibly broad in scope, almost to the point of being not really helpful. Also, there's a lot of Andrew's politics and "California-bias" baked into this course. Encouraging universal income and constantly harping on gender bias is really a boring and progressive-left obsessed topic.
This is a great initial attempt to roll out general awareness, bringing strategic thinking in matters relating to AI. I think this course need more of that esp, in the weeks 3rd and 4th. Nevertheless, appreciate the effort in bringing forth this course.
The course is not technical, it is a general description of the AI world, particularly targeting the business industries.... However the instructor is good and tries really hard to explain the concepts.
This course is good, but without the quizzes, its pretty difficult to know whether you've learnt it right, which can hamper learning. Hopefully they can unlock the quizzes like other courses.
The course is a good introduction to AI. What it can do an not do. Sometimes it is too general and could have some more depth to it without going into all the technical or software details.
good overview of AI-related topics (e.g. how to incorporate AI team into corporation structure or AI implications on our society), buy very limited info on an AI itself
Very high level course - and very light on technical side. There should be recommendations on reading material and blogs - and communities one could join.
very super basic stuff with a  500,000 feet view above the ground for management guys coming from liberal arts and non science or math backgrounds
The course is great starting point to make people understand what AI can and cannot do. However, I was expecting it to be a little more detailed.
Everything was good but It was very hard for me to have this course on my cellphone. the site is not designed to use it on cellphones.
Very basic course and questions are very easy. I understand this is a beginner's course but I was expecting more details & insights.
IT HAS HELPED ME IN ALL MEANS TO HAVE  A BETTER UNDERSTANDING ABOUT THE GROWING IMPACT IF MACHINE LEARNING AND AI...THANKYOU
I found it useful in very limited sense or common sense. It does not give any deep or actionable knowledge IMHO.
nothing much to learn about AI technically.This course is more like adv/disadv,what to do/not to do ? in AI
Great Introductory course. Deeper understanding of AI implications and Technical challenges are necessary.
This course is good, this is use for new technologies innovation, so please give me a review
I thougth it was a nice course but not very deep. 3rd and 4th week didint add pretty much.
Needs a bit of imagination of the picture more in the videos. Thanks for the great course
I need change on my certificate which completed, my name missing on certificate I receive
this course was well organized for those who don't understand what A.I is.thank you.
Only a general overview; did not get any practical experience building any systems.
This course can be made more interesting by showing more AI application videos.
Would loved it if it included some case studies in brief and more interactive
Decent course until week 4 when Andrew introduces political correctness.
The sound was very low in every video also unclear voice sometimes.
very helpful .... got full understanding of artificial intelligence
It's not that much good, his accent is not properly understandable
Expected it to be more technical, but is more business oriented!
I have enjoyed this course very much.It is very helpful for me
The videos tend to be a bit sterile, but, the content is good.
words of teacher are not clear sometime and hard to understand
Its good course i learned a lot but i expect more.Thankyou.
even if it is only for biz people, I think it is too basic.
Right way to know about such important things around us
Most helpful in understanding what AI is how it works .
The course was good not amazing I expected better
Would have appreciated a more technical 4th week.
hard to understand!!! mentor is not good enough
It's is to learn. It's useful to for everyone.
Good foundation but overpriced for what it is
Gives a basic idea on the hoopla of AI.
Add some more interesting fact about AI
nice for everyone who interested in AI
too little information in this course
Maybe too simple. Can dig into more.
Interesting course for beginners
Good course, to know what is AI
Best learning opportunity....
A good overview of the area.
Brief Course for begginers
certificate get not found
ITS NOT UPTO SATISFACTORY
It's Really good for us.
A little too basic to me
It is easy to learning
It's an amazing course
Helps To learn Basics
It was great begining
good and more useful
Easy to understand.
very basic course
Some waste of tym
Good experience
too simple an
Very basic.
It's good
I really
This is nicely put course but is an extremely introductory and elementary introduction to the idea of current AI wave. It does not lead to concrete learning that you can take back to work. It should have been offered absolutely free of cost including the certificate track given Andrew Ng's reputation and thus the demand for the course.
After I did this course, I'd say I skimmed over a book explaining what AI is, what it does, how it can be used, what had been done, what can be done, what should not be done. I say skimming because it should discuss a little more in technicality and not completely in layman terms. nonetheless, I learned things I didn't know and I am happy about it.
Good overview of AI.
The course is a solid high level introduction to the concepts of artificial intelligence, machine learning, data science, and mentions (in passing) some deeper concepts like natural language processing and knowledge graphs.  I enjoyed it!  My critical feedback revolves around the final week: I appreciated the attention given to ethics in AI, but it seems worth mentioning that efforts to eliminate bias and prejudice are themselves inherently based on judgement calls, and will reflect the value(s) of the person(s) making those judgements.  Since this course is aimed at business leaders, I suggest adding some verbiage to the need for an enterprise to articulate those values in a manner that supports their inclusion (at an engineering level) into the techniques, data, and algorithms being developed by those AI teams.
This course was a highly informative, non-technical course as to generally what A.I. is, what it can or can't do, understanding it's particular vulnerabilities, how to start introducing A.I. methodologies into a company, its potential value both economic and societal, as well as a look at the potential impacts on society and solutions. It is a very very good primer on understanding the subject if you have no clue as to what AI is. Some statements in the course do seem just a tad little dismissive in terms of the potential impacts of implementation, but other than this the course was fine. I would recommend.
I love Andrew Ng's teaching style and his simple presentation of materials such that the average person can understand how AI will impact the world and global economy. I've taken his Machine Learning course for practitioners which is much more technical and goes into full depth.  The only reason I wouldn't rate this as a 5-star is because there seems to be a business angle to the course in the sense that it's a pitch to companies looking to utilize Landing AI's services.   Would recommend this to anyone looking to learn a bit more about AI and how it'll impact their lives.
The course applies cognitivistic ideas of learning with frontal learning (videos) and quizzes (memorization) which is only as good as a scaffold to getting real knowledge (building mental models by applying them to the world and getting feedback on the usage). It could easily be improved by having learners write articles where they apply the material to their current situation and have it peer reviewed by other learners (use and refine mental models). Moderators would have to check for mistakes, but it stays more or less scalable.Still good material, though.
The course actually did what it promises: AI for Everyone. Well designed, with true examples, this course is the best for a beginner entering the world of AI. Andrew Ng has an amazing way to transform complexity into simple, understandable words. I definitely recommend it as one of the most valuable courses I have attended so far.Thank you, Andrew!  But a little disappointed and not satisfied with the certificate format offered by Coursera it provides signature other than Andrew and does not have a Coursera certified message on the right corner below.
the way the course was conducted was precise and had examples to back up the different topics that was discussed. The analogies used were interesting and applicable to real world problems and the teacher had a nice sounding passive voice that made the experience a lot better to take in. The only complaint I have is that the video audio is relatively softer compared to everything else in the background so I had to turn it up, but other than that I would highly recommend this course to anyone who is looking forward to learning the basics of AI.
This is quite an informative course on what is AI, what it's capable of currently, and how you can launch AI projects in your own organisation.  Andrew Ng goes one step one further and talks about AI and it's role in societies and ethics. Though since it's just information, learners are not assigned any project-type assignment which makes it easy to forget. I managed to score almost 100% in all the quizzes because I make detailed notes but I still doubt I'd be able to retain the info if I don't get an opportunity soon to apply what I learned.
Small and medium businesses are also able to use data science, machine learning, and AI but they do not have the money to hire permanent staff dedicated for it. What they can do is buy the software and consulting services for AI, data science, and machine learning.  It would be nice to see coverage of how small and medium businesses can use AI.  Consider TurboTax, which is a popular software developed by software engineers but used by many small tax accounting businesses that cannot afford to individually hire a full time software engineer.
Really excellent that professor simplified the current status of AI with fantastic real time example and case studies. He really emphasized the point that there are also problem statements which AI can't do and also mentioned how media over-hyped the AI. Some significant points which i liked really  that even if data set is small we can start AI project on that and also our expertise area along with some AI can uplift us on our career.  Thank you so much for the professor and coursera team for this wonderful course for AI basics. thank you
Very good overview of AI in all its aspects: technical, business and organisational, pleasantly and clearly explained by Andrew Ng.I think everyone interested in AI should start with this course, but as it is 'just' an overview it tends to be a bit superficial and require additional learning to really get started yourself (from knowing to doing). I also recommend the AI primer on YouTube to get some more insights into AI. Together you have a fuller picture of this new and exciting field. Good luck!
This course will help us to open our vision towards an AI world with optimistic content. We could able to achieve a fundamental knowledge of AI and their systematic functionalities coupled with business knowledge and ethics. It has complete tutelage for the beginners and I personally felt this course may be protracted to pay a way and complete guidelines to young aspirants with widening the purview of this course.Thanks Andrew Ng, It was a wonderful experience of learning.
The course was very well prepared and presented. It was easy to understand what is AI, how it works, where can be applied and how AI will changes our lives and the way businesses operate in near future. All the examples hat were used were explained in a simple manner as of to understand the basics of AI. Clear explanations were given. The course triggered my mind as to challenge my knowledge on the filed of my expertise and find new areas of development.
Quality videos and very well structured. It is certainly just an introduction, useful for managers and executives with no o very limited previous knowledge of the field. The course requires light workload of no more than 1-2 hours per week. I missed a bit more of depth of the tools needed to deliver AI, fundamentals of neural networks and algorithms and the actual work required to deliver an AI project. Otherwise, very helpful and well delivered.
This course provided a wide-ranging overview of the landscape and issues regarding the rise of artificial intelligence.  The instructor provides definitions of  terminology, structure of issues,  and also the limits of artificial intelligence.  Optional videos are available for a more in-depth look at some of the specific topics.  Well worth the time spent on the class. This course provides a firm foundation to pursue additional learning in AI.
I wanted to know a non-technical introduction to AI, ML, etc. This suited particularly well and very informative and gives good amount of current status and future directions of AI. Though I have been in and out of good old days (late 80's and early 90's) of AI (heard about Expert systems, Prolog, Lisp, etc. ?) never got convinced AI can be practical as it is today. This course definitely made me look up and us AI where applicable.
I previewed this course 6 months ago and came back to it once it was offered through my school as part of a new initiative. I really enjoyed the course and the content was effective enough that with minimal, and I mean minimal review (30 min) I passed all of the quizzes. The material is covered in such a way that key concepts are carried through the material and stick with you. One of the best Coursera courses I have taken so far.
My expectations were to understand what AI is and some practice as a programmer. I could learn the several terminologies, some that I had never heard before. I also liked to know it is not the same as the brain neurons. It was for sure a good content to understand about the topic. This is not yet a course to deploy a project but it gives you some highways. I 'd recomend for anyone that wants to know more about the subject AI.
It's a very insightful course which gives the basic knowledge of AI, thereby providing a springboard to further enhance ones study into broader area of deep learning, machine language, data science, and how it could strengthen industries, economies as well as getting rid of some jobs and creating new sets of jobs even much more than what it rids off, in as much as one is willing and able to learn new skill-sets.
The course gives a great overview of the basics of AI, without getting too much into the technical. Andrew Ng is a great presenter, the curriculum was presented clearly. I just wished that with a certification track, I got a chance to present a case study of how AI is used in my own field and I could get feedback for my idea. It felt like the $50 certification track didn't offer much compared to the free one.
The lecturer is very knowledgeable and the slides are helpful.  This is a very high level overview of AI - Much of it I already new but the lecturer rounded out my knowledge.  The one thing I did not like was the format of quizzes at the end of a unit (7-10 videos).  I have taken other courses through Coursera where the quizzes are every 1-2 videos.  I think this is sounder learning principle.
The course was very engaging. I felt that it is extremely important today to know the basics of artificial intelligence in order to understand the basic functioning of so many services and facilities that use AI and we are already using them without actually knowing how they function!the course was very informative. Thank you so much, Prof. Andrew Ng, for the wonderful delivery of the course!
This course provides one with the basic and the perfect introduction to Artificial Intelligence (AI). I was able to clear all my hypes and misunderstanding about AI technology by attending this course. I am very thankful to Our Mentor - Andre Ng Sir for providing these explanation in a simple way so that beginners like me can find  easiness while going through the lectures.
The course provided good broad look into AI and did good job in explaining key terms such as machine learning, data science etc. The narration was clear and the progression of the course was reasonable.I would had wished the testing of the course to be more rigorous, to better test what I learned with my input and also making the certificate earned more valuable.
I loved this course. As a novice to IT field, the content of the course was well organized and was enough for a newbie to understand about the AI, its benefits and its limitations. I liked the pace of the trainer, neither too slow to bore you nor too fast to miss any information. I hope the next courses in AI have similar effect.Thank you!
Great course to taste some of the amazing world of Artificial Intelligence. It surrounds you in the world of AI showing the many topics for understanding the reaches of the technology. It will not require you to program anything, but you might get the itch of continuing to implement some of the theory learnt here (you have been warned!).
The course is purely non-technical. This is kind of good course for someone who is completely unknown to wonders of technology, explained in basic words at the best. This is definitely not for everyone. But, if you want to have just an "idea" on AI, then you must do this course. Will look forward for Andrew sir's technical class.
Very interesting course that made me reflect on the applicability of AI in my job environment. Thank you very much for sharing your expertise.One small improvement would be to re-run the speech recognition system on the video as many words in the written version of the course are incorrectly spelled. Other than that thumbs up!
Very educational and should be part of every school's curriculum starting no later than 7th grade.  The presentation was perfectly balanced thereby allowing the student to better absorb course material and actually, reflect on the content. I highly recommend this course! Why? Because it is indeed . . . "AI for Everyone!"
This course was very basic compared to what I expected it to be. Hence I would,nt really say it tested my knowledge or gave me too many fundamental concepts that I did not already know. However looking at it objectively, I feel that for someone totally uninitiated into AI & ML, this could be a good starting point.
Ng is an awesome professor.  I made it through this particular course pretty quick before I moved on to Ng's Machine Learning.  It gave me a great overall understanding of what AI is and how to differentiate (or not) between Deep Learning, Neural Networks, Data Science, ...  Thanks Coursera, Stanford and Ng!
A good introduction. Would have loved to see if CRISP-DM can be used and also more use cases from real world enterprises. Maybe a survey by industries (verticals) and what they typically implement, e.g. Financial Service with fraud or churn or in Telecom cases like network failure and predictive maintenance.
This Course provides a quite detailed Knowledge about A.I, and found course very interesting for Everyone who desire to learn about A.I. One unique thing at last week, that is very useful is, we also learn about, how to use A.I for betterment of society and its effects on society as well as future with A.I.
Great course, I learned a lot even though I follow a lot of news about this and what Tesla is doing. The teacher is easy to follow, although do not count on the subtitles in english which are incorrect and can be confusing. The course is quite basic and I did expect a bit more difficulty, hens my 4 stars.
This Course taught me a lot about AI technology and the Impact that it could make to the Economy , Society and World of Technology. Thank you Professor Andrew Ng , you have been interactive in this course and i got the confidence and developed an interest in pursuing my career in the AI field.
Such a wonderful course, I really appreciate this effort, especially for Mr. Andrew and the entire Corsera team. I will recommend Corsera to my colleagues, my professors, as well as to all future researchers like us, I am sure and will certainly complement the gap in their research.
cordially
Thanks to Coursea , Deeplearning.ai and Sir Andrew Ng he is best teacher and teaches very well but he is very serious teacher even his jokes are serious too when tells a joke after few minutes of thinking i decide whether to laugh or not :D well sorry its just a joke Once again Thankyou sir
Nice! :) This is a nice course for everyone as its course name suggests. I'm a student at university level; Although Mr. Andrew talks about using AI in companies I found it help full; and it is understandable by everyone. AI for everyone!!! :)))) Mr. Andrew you are a good instructor.
I learnt so many things from this courseAnd the videos are very clear and description also provided,and at begin I won't know what the ai means and by completion of this course,I came to know what is ai clearlyAnd,I confidently say that I know what ai meansThanks for u r course
It is a good course for those who haven't massive knowledge about AI technology.This course encouraged me to learn more about AI technologies and it shows how important will it be in future to have a knowledge about AI and other technologies which are related to AI technology.
Course content was nice! My expectation was different regarding this course. While understanding the concept is one thing but implement it a real task. From that vision I was expecting little bit programming in terms of case study and language could be R/Python not Octave.
Please make the modules short and try to present them in a creative manner so that the learners did'nt get bored and keep learning it fast with the same enthusiasm throughout the whole teaching material last but not the least i had good experience overall while learning
This course explain very well what is AI and its application in the real world.However, it's a very high level course, I would have liked a more advance course.It tend to simplify some technical parts leading non technical leaders to falsely believe that ML is simple.
It was a great and very knowledge inducing course. Would be a great starting step for people willing to become an AI expert. I would not give it a 5 star rating because it is very generic and focused more on general info about AI rather than the technical stuff.
The course is an amazing starting point for getting to know anything more about AI than that it is going to take over the world dictum. The professor is amazing and a very good explainer. Good course structure and curriculum which broadly covers everything.
Great course to understand AI from a bird's eye view. do not expect concept explanation in depth. best suited for BA,PM,CEO or any other role where having a basic holistic  understanding of AI.Thanks to Prof. Andrew NG & Coursera for making this available.
Great overview to understanding the fundamentals and how a business or industry even a country could utilize this technology for the benefit of all. In particular like the myth busting and understanding of what It can and can't do. Thank you, great course!
The course is taught in a best possible way you can imagine.As implies by its name ,individual working in any field or student form any back ground can easily understand the baisc concept of this course and why its important to aperson and a society.
this course is really good for beginners and even for those who knows about this field. you get to learn important knowledge and ideas from the pioneer of this field. i will recommend this course to anyone who want to learn new ideas not just AI.
Good knowledge on AI and other parallel working techs in various companies along with the information about the do's and don'ts for the AI .Only thing missed was some practical working experience and information about the platforms to work on .
Great explanation of artificial intelligence. The material is easy to understand and by the end of the course you will have learned a lot about building an AI project. A small amount of exercises to memorize all the information in the video.
I really enjoyed this! I think Week 4 was the most interesting, as I am working mostly with language processing and social aspects of AI at my job. I highly recommend this. I also love Andrew's robot paintings in the background- so great!
its a very good course to start for ,if you do not know anything about AI or any technical skill ,no worries you can take this course with no fear it tells you everything about AI ,clears yours every little confusion ,loved this course .
Good Introduction Course on AI for Executive with out going through Complexity of Underlying Algorithms. It creates common understanding, how to go through the journey as company, or individual with more valuable insights from Andrew
Good overview on different key aspects of AI today with good examplesThose seeking for advanced courses should skip it although gives a good framework for understanding AI. Will recommend this non-technical course to anyone. Thanks
Really enjoyable introductory course to AI giving an overview of the technology, projects and ethical issues. Encouraging to be able to engage with the topic easily and I may pursue the technical skills in more detail. Thanks.
The course is presented very clearly and it is clear that Professor NG is a top-notch professional. Nevertheless, I expected more in-depth enrichment - mainly for managerial perceptions and often found the materials too basic.
A good, digestible non-technical course for anyone who want to understand what is AI, the hypes, the societal impacts. Week 2 and 3 are more for project managers --- not relevant unless you are doing managing some AI projects.
Thank the course to give me more idea and knowledge about AI. As it is just an introduction course, I don't expect too much technical material. However, I found interest in learning more about deep learning after this course.
The course help to go through all the basics of AI and how it is implemented by various companies. this course help me regarding how user data or data set is really important for implementing AI based technology.Thanks a lot.
The course is a good one for those who are new to machine learning and ai,it gives us more knowledge about what is ai and machine learning etc. and how it is used in projects..overall it is a good course..thank  you andrew..
Excellent course, I recommend this to anyone at any level in an organization who is interested in learning about AI.  The content covers a wide scope of AI in simple language and the videos are easy to follow and understand.
I Know the course is for basics, but I think it was perhaps too basic. Some hands on would have been nice, or at least some guidance as to how do you start a basic IA program. Software, code, etc. Apart from that, very good
WOW! it was an amazing experience to know about AI, Its potential to change the world of technology and its impact on developing economies, excited for learning more about AI and practice its application in the business.
It Very Good Courses Before Getting Into Artificial Intelligence Or Machine Learning Course And Sir Andrew Ng Explains Everything In Very Simple Way Si I Recommend Every One To Get This Course Before Get into ML or AI
I would like to acknowledge sir for helping the community by giving an intuition about the ai world. Thank you so much to all who were the part of making this course. It is good for absolutely new comers in the field.
It was really good one. Course content was good and good lecture as well. I have a good understanding of AI technology. Hoping to continue further technical learning, with the good foundation gained from this course
Very good course. If we get one or some projects to submit online in some formats to checkback by the teachers of this course , then we the learners will be benefitted , it also will make the learners up-to-date.
This is helpful course to know the basic of AI. I suggest to others to take this one. Heart felt thanks to course teacher for briefing the course easily and making clear understanding. Thanks and Regards. Biplab
Very well done.. I am excited to dive into more advanced courses involving deep learning but this taught me the necessary jargon and background to become acclimated to the world of AI and where it may be headed.
Wow! I loved this course and I am willing to learn more about AI. This course helped me a lot.I really thank Coursera for this course and my instructor for giving me this great knowledge on AI . Thanks a lot!!!
The course was awesome. well explained. some topics couldve been taught in more depth. the cost of the course was a little too high giuven there are dozrns of youtube videos that exolain the same stuff for free
It was short and sweet. It covers a very wide variety of machine learning topics. But the coverage is too shallow, especially, when we think what we paid for.  Hopefully, the course may go deeper a bit more.
This course is well balanced. I been a technical person and have taken multiple AI course, didn't feel like its basic. I will recommend this course of all. It is really an AI for Everyone. Great work Andrew!
Program was good but not upto my expectation with a fees of 49 USD . Too short , too high level , mainly focused about social impact of AI . Still I can say I learnt something that I was not knowing before.
The course is a good introduction to AI and to anyone trying it out. The instructor also is amazing at explaining the concepts, I never felt bored throughout the course and finished it in a single sitting.
Good introduction to AI. Non-technical, so don't expect to have key insights on how to actually create algorithms. Expect to be able to explain some differences in words and how it works on a high level.
The course is quite insightful and I appreciate Andrew's candidness when it comes to the pros and cons of AI. The content is clear and easy to follow, and the pace is sure to fit anyone's learning needs.
This was very informative. For me as a learner , I liked the concepts. This course is company oriented so if you're planning to add AI in you company then this course will surely help you in the making.
Great intro to the use of AI and ML. I recommend everyone who wants to start looking at AI and ML to start with this course as the course gives an excellent overview of what AI and ML can do and not do.
thank you sir, your spoken skills are too good and better understandable. you are given a overall resources under this course.so, i interested to learn the advanced stuff about artificial intelligence.
Nice general course on a very high abstract level. I would wish a course that is more technical (e.g. as the ML course of Andrew Ng) and at the same time shows the impact of AI and ML on the business.
I enjoyed it very much but had expected more details on how that AI process actually works,  e.g., se ofmutiple regression and other statistical and mathematical tools, albeit without tons of details.
This course provides us a better view how to face AI and understand what it can/can't do. It helps us to understand that we should embrace it naturally and use it as another relevant tool in your kit.
Great explainations and exaples to get in touch with Ai. For me it was a bit to basic, but if you just start ist would be a great course. If you already know a little bit, it would be not deep enough.
A very good course to learn various facets of AI, for a professional. This is of course a starter to intermediate and advanced courses. It would be great to have a hands-on to apply the fundamentals.
Great introductory course and now I have the foundation to start learning in the AI field. Without this course, I would have been completely blind and would not have known the starting point for AI.
it was good but it was mostly about how AI can change the lifestyle and the jobs of upcoming era, but what i liked about it was the way of presenting this course it was interactive and interesting.
this is the great course  but the thing is i'm student of b.tech & some things  are usefull for mans are doing jobs or business but it's a good course.thanks for shearing your knowledge with us.
It is an amazing course to develop a baseline understanding of AI systems. Professor Andrew is really good in explaining complex concepts in very easy way using relevant examples.Thanks a lot!
Excellent course ! Thank you Andru to provide valuable input and detail explanation.  Little monotonous,  sometimes difficult to concentrate when you are watching the video for long duration,.
Andrew explains AI very well and simple. Also, he makes clear what AI can and cannot do, how to begin with AI, how to setup a team, how to start a project and ethical aspects of the use of AI.
SIR I am  Heartly  thankfully to you for this oppurtunity and i  need your blessings                                                        to gain much more prosperity in my upcoming future
Great explanation for non technical fellows.  I am a technical guy, still wanted to take it as I want to understand things at core and generic level.  It really helping a lot to go ahead...
It's really a wonderful journey for me to learn AI through these weeks . Teacher Andrew Ng taught me some basic information about AI through an easiest way . He is too much proficient .
This course is good as an introduction course so i think this amount of fee is a lot for a student like me. But i could gain a lot of information from the course in Corona virus period.
Outstanding overview of AI for laypersons. I think Andrew's core strength is with technical aspects of AI, but this is a great course. I also recommend KaiFu Lee's AI Superpowers book.
It was a great honor to take this course with Andrew. He isa a great instructor. and I learned a lot of things about AI and I am excited to take my second step in AI technology field.
Good content but as an Italian citizen sometimes the teacher accent made difficult to understand properly considering that also the transcript has few errors. Overall good job, thanks
This course gives a glimpse of what basically AI is and how it can be used. A very good and informative course. For someone who has no idea bout what AI is, this is a perfect course
A perfect introduction. I appreciated also the last videos talking about social impacts anc security. As a suggestion,  it could be instoduced some clues about AI algorithms, too.
It was great to understand what AI actually is,from the basics.This gives me a wide knowledgeof how AI can be applied to any business or industries to make our work easy and fast.
It was an excellent course , with a good course content , would like to have these kind of courses in future also , thank you so much coursera for providing such an useful course
This a great start to understanding how AI technology is used to design products, algorithms and its applications in various fields. I highly recommend this course to begin with.
This course was very helpful for me to understand ,as I'm completely from a non technical background ,but the course is pretty easy to be understood by almost everyone.Thank you!
Well designed content and easy as well as understandable explanation of such a complex topic. Thanks to Sanofi & Coursera for helping attain knowledge on such an important topic.
Great course for a basic AI understanding. Good to know for what AI can be used and cannot be used, and also to have a general knowledge about all the AI nomenclature. I like it.
Very easy explanation about artificial intelligence. Beginners must enroll this course before starting any project so that we will have an idea for the project to be successful.
Nice jump start towards starting of understanding AI, its role in industry and impact on society. This course gives comprehensive outlook about AI's benefit and adverse effects.
It was a great introductory course. It could have been better if there was a link to a specialization of this course, I had seen one specialization offered by deeplearning.ai.
This is an excellent starting point for someone who has some vague idea about AI but want to get more clarity.  That the course touches a lot of relevant areas is very good.
Course is very resourceful and gives great insights for people who are new to A.I. It is a very basic course to get better understanding of Artificial Intelligence field.
I would have appreciated more practical examples, the content of the 4th week could have been more appealing. Nevertheless training is easy to follow and well structured.
This was a great overview of AI without being intimidating and covering aspects beyond technical. I would have liked more detailed discussion on AI vs Data Science vs ML.
Its a good course with curated content to provide an easy grasp on the key aspects of AI and their value without going too deep into technology or the science behind it.
This course is for every one . Very interesting and got to know about the limitations of AI  What i have learnt is like ice cube and what i have to learn is Ice mountain
Very Informative, Lots Of Learning Contents, I',ll Like To Attemp More Courses From Coursera. Thank You Sir Andrew NJ You are Great Teacher. Inspired By Teaching Style.
The course is very good at explaining the AI things but we should have a chance to interact with the professor to further queries. Thank You!Pratik Chincholkar,India.
Easy to follow and understand. Would like to hear more examples from other industries, more from Finance in order to be able to identify good candidate for the pilot
Good course for beginners not that much technical knowledge tho and anyone can understand it, you should definitely try this course to learn more about AI "in brief"
From this course i have learned a lot,thank u coursera for providing this course,thank andrew ng sir for ur valuable classes that u have taught.once again thank u...
A Perfect kickstart course for anyone aiming to learn or apply AI . Thank you Mr.Andrew Ng ,and later did I realize that you are one of the co-founder of coursera :)
The course very well explains the terms in which people usually get confused such as deep learning, artificial intelligence, machine learning, data science, etc.
This course was really good. The lecturer was really a humble person. I would've given 5 stars if the course had short quizes for each video. (On screen quizes)
Fantastic Course which gives a good overview of AI led discussions and help executives leading organisations through digital transformation across industries.
A very useful course for the beginner level. Concepts explained in a simple manner and thus a person who is having least knowledge will understand the basics.
Its very interesting course and learnt so many interesting points regarding AI,  will also suggest my friends and colleagues to undergo the course. Thank you
A very good and learning course for someone who's willing to join and work for AI projects. This gives you a deep understanding of AI from the very scratch.
good and informative course of AI for those who are looking for make their own AI company .Even for those who wanna transform their company to an AI company
Showing Practical implementation of AI in an industry will make it more attractive. may be just a short video of a company automating its tasks through AI
Thank you for giving this opportunity  sir..I don't know what is the meaning breifly about AI.but in this course.I am totally know.its simply superb sir..
very good course but but week 3 is confusing and non understable bcoz there are some topics that i listen first time in my life and be explained in week 3
A very good overview of the AI landscape for non-technical audiences. Useful for technologists in machine learning and data science as a general overview.
First 2 chapters were great. Then it got a bit too generic and sometimes too basic for myself. But overall great module to understand the basic concepts.
The course was really informative about artificial intelligence, I enjoyed learning very much and understood each and everyone basic points about it..!!
Very help for the one who want to change or gain the knowledge on AI.  Thank you so much for this to Coursera, sponsor,and my brother for helping me...
It was a good experience. I gain a lot of of knowledge about AI. I know what is AI and how to develope AI in a company. It was great for my lernings.
It was a pretty insightful course with the basics of AI very clearly outlined. Looking forward to start more courses on similar lines by DeepLearning
Learnt basic and high level concepts about AI. Great introductory course on AI specifically as well as its broader effects on economies and society.
Gives the insights of AI in a very non technical and easy to understand text. Conceptually explained about the working, limitations and scope of AI.
The course was a great starter, would be great if he can direct people on alternative paths people can take  to building deeper knowledge and skills
Before this , i don't know what exactly AI is. But after learning this course,AI for everyone...it is really very helpful.And Thanks to the Faculty.
course is very good and lots of knowledge include with real life example but some topic not clearly explain like data science and definition of AI.
I was a bit unable to understand Professor Ng. But the course material was good some very nice learnings are what I'll be getting from this course.
This course is really useful and helpful but the language used to explain here is some what hard to understand and voice is not auidable properly.
This is a good course for a newbie to AI. It gives a good insight into different aspects of Artificial Intelligence except for the technical part.
This course helped me in understanding the basic and complex nature of AI and it also cleared lot of Myths which i had when i heard this term AI.
The course gives an overview of how AI can be implemented in various technologies. It also discusses the current shortcomings of the technology.
Great introduction. More time was spent than my preference on the ethics section, and Andrew gets into politics a bit, but he moderated it well.
This course is amazing and I'm telling that you will get at least some basic knowledge about AI. This course is like from nothing to something.
Such a great course with a brief explanation. The reason for 4 stars is that I think there should be a hands-on practice that may be optional.
explanation of Andrew sir is simply superb..previously i had no idea about AI with this course i came to know importance of AI for the society
Great course to start from scratch on AI. Main concepts related with AI like supervised and unsupervised learning are explained on a easy way.
I enjoyed the content and pace of information delivered. The instructor was clear and provided helpful examples to increase my understanding.
if you are absoloutrly new to AI and deep learning or machine learning, this course gives you the general idea of how it works and what it is
Provided me with a very good non-technical knowledge about what actually AI and how to understand it. Thank you very much for this course. :)
Andrew NG is a very good instructor,I have learnt a lot of things from him. The course was very much helpful for the AI learners beginners.
As the title says, it is a good and starting course to understand AI for Everyone. Also, it is positively promoting AI adoption in general.
This is great course, I had expected more content around the use cases of AI in the various industries and  approach to solve the problems.
I was very happy by completing the course.it was very interesting and enthusiastic.It gave me a wonderful knowledge regarding AI.Thank you
AI for everyone course is a must for everyone who wants to learn about AI and Machine learning.Highly recommend this non-technical course.
Nice high-level overview.  Easy to follow.  Straightforward quizzes.   I would have liked a bit more detail, but, given it's "for everyone
This is very basic of AI technology . Learnt a lot of basic and start thinking about my AI project . Will learn more from Deeplearning.AI
It was very enjoyable. However, the instructor should have spoken a bit louder as it was at times hard to understand what was being said.
It a great course to jump in for those who don't know anything about AI and its possibility and thinking to be a AI developer in future.
Preliminary but informative introduction course about AI. Like those examples that Instructor used, which make me to easily understand.
This course is perfect for the beginners also the course has a very good instructor which make your understanding for efficient and fun
Interesting, low-level, hands-on course. I have seen no code, yet learned lots about the basics of AI. It can really help you started.
Good learning and insights. I recommend everyone to take this course and understand what AI and how it impact and influence everyone.
Really good course. I would still suggest to add a little more technical basic topics to give a better idea of what AI is capable of.
An excellent course for learning overview of AI domain and practical tips if you are planning to build your AI team and applications.
Take away from this course. AI can not solve all the problems but surely it can be applied to all process which involves automation.
Good introduction to AIExtremely well presented and recitedVery pleasant voice, one can listen well (also as a non-native speaker)
Good.  Very long intro, but overall good information for managers and other professionals who want an birds-eye view of the topic.
Best Course for beginners like me. it realy help me to understand what AI realy is. It is very good for Basic knoledge. Thank You
I learnt how AI transform the world in future and how it becomes super power and how man can use it properly to help the society.
This particular course is too good,all of misconceptions i had got cleared. it sets you an mindset to carry out next AI courses.
Andrew Ng explained well the basic of AI.  the course touched all the pros and cons also the capabilities and limitations of AI.
A great introduction for the AI technologies, but very short. I think some career paths/resources could be added. Recommended.
It was interesting one, although due to some preliminary information about  AI help me to complete this one before scheduled.
Very nice course, had a though time entering it because i was completely beginner in the area and i found it very attractive.
Very good content to introduce one to the world of AI. Will help to set a good foundation to take up more focused AI courses.
Good general overview and introduction for those new to AI. People already familiar with or working in AI would benefit less.
the course was great, further, the course can  be improved by providing some hands-on knowledge of Softwares like python etc
Thanks for spending your quality time  and taking lot of efforts.It's helpfull and informative.Good going and thank you sir.
It is very good but it is better if you enter more information on using AI in other fields rather than computer based uses.
The content is great but it felt too generic at times. Adding more technical information into this course would be perfect.
I loved the course, it motivated and convinced to nurture my career in AI. I am all determined to pursue it. Thanks Andrew.
Nice course. Would have liked it to have some more depth on AI projects touched upon....Smart Speaker & Self Driving Car.
The course was amazing and i learned a few things about image visualization and strategy for building an company using AI
really good course teaches the non technical style of AI nice course and it teaches how to manage the AI team and project
Very good course and very good Topic for upcoming days for starters and AI developers who need a step to start the career
Good to start but content wise very limited. I finished the entire course in two days studying two hours roughly per day.
This is awesome course. I really liked it. This course is very useful for beginners. But ,try to teach more AI  example.
The course was really good to know how develop AI projects. It also helps us to know how to build an organization of AI.
Thanks for teaching.I Learned advanced technology it will be very useful us in the future.good explaination about the AI
It's such a excellent course that helps beginners like to know about AI.The videos are quite good and easy to understand
a good and a helpful course for everyone who want a head start to wards the AI fiels, at last a cheers for Sir Andrew Ng
This is a good, elementary course to gain an overview of AI related topics. Very easy to follow and minimally technical.
thank you prof. andew it is a beneficial I like it if you slow down bit next tim course and thank you coursera platform
It's a very good opportunity to all Btech students and this course may helpful in future I like this Coursera very much
Good overview, most of this I knew already.. probably better for beginners :) I still really enjoyed the course though!
There could be more things like platforms for ai mentioned for easy use for normal people like google cloud computing.
I got a good overview of AI and the various terminology around it . This will surely help me in my future AI projects.
Very nice explained introduction to AI for non-technical roles. It has many examples that help understand it better!
Good course but I was expecting some applications or demonstrations with the content. Anyway is a good introduction.
I liked this session and enjoyed it with joy and ,I deeply thank you sir for sharing your experience in this field.
This Course is great for Beginners like me who doesn't know what an AI is or how does made an impact on Industries.
A very broad introduction to the domain of AI. The course is for those who would want to know what AI is all about.
Fantastic Course, Thanks for build a basics of what AI technology and about the future scenario of this technology.
This will be better. If we can learn some basic codes of AI from this course. Besides these the course is awesome.
It should have some live projects to see the outputs which will interact more people to learn about AI technology.
IT'S A GREAT COURSE TO START AI FROM BASE.THE TEACHING PART IS EXCELLENT.MR.ANDREW NG AS MADE THE LEARNING SIMPLE.
Very nice sessions conducted and interesting examples but it contains most theoretical part. Overall great course.
Very useful course for anyone trying to obtain a high level understanding of how to apply AI in business setting.
Good to know this useful content,Thank you so much for this a wonderful platform to learn, once again Thank you.
Pretty good explanation of  of how to integrate AI in a company and measures to avoid falling into the pitfalls.
Good Explanation and very useful Information, I've got a clear idea about AI and all it's relating technologies.
Great introductory course with practical real world examples and a fair amount of technical jargon for engineers
Gave me an overview about what is AL, ML, Data Science and the relation between them. Scope and limitation of AI
This course serves as a 30% commercial and 70% "AI for dummies" mixture. Nevertheless, Andrew is a good teacher.
It was good for beginners to understand about basic concepts of AI and go for next level of learning. Thank you
A very informative course explaining all the basic concepts related to deep learning, machine learning, AI etc.
It was a good experience to learn AI Technology. It is a non Technical Course, but still it is a good to learn.
I have learned the overall outline of AI. It is really a beautiful course for beginners. Thank You Andrew Ng 
It is a good course to start with. Nice explanation around limitations of AI especially when it is a huge hype.
great course, very concise, and easy to understand for beginners. interesting with lots of examples and videos
some subtitle are really disappointing over all it was a great experience to getting some knowledge about AI
Thank you for such a nice course!!It's really helpful in enhancing our knowledge about the upcoming world...
This course gives an overview of the AI and how we can take baby steps towards becoming AI relevant company.
It's a perfect course for beginners. It gives you a very concrete overview of AI and related terminologies.
It was very nice. but unfortunately I was late to complete this course because of slow & poor internet ....
Thank you sir giving this kind of opportunities for me ...I learned something about Artificial Intelligence
It's very  nice and i really thankfull to ANDREW NG sir by giving a valuable information about AI.Thank you
The courser was great, to beginning AI studies is a good option to structure the thinking about the matter.
If you would like to have a high level overview of AI, then this is the course for you !!Highly recommended
A very good course, for all domain but very less technical knowledge is provided for engineering students.
i liked that course so much. Like for new person who don't know much about AI  will get so much knowledge.
provides a good basic understanding of the AI environment. Well explained in simple language for a starter
Perfect course for the beginner, Also, would suggest add more use cases across different industry/sectors.
For beginners  this course will give clear idea about  AI and sharing a thought at where the
industry move
Very good course. Easy to understand. Would like to learn how to actually build ai machines from scratch.
A good app but the question are literally are some what tricky but this app will give us a good knowledge
I learned how to plan AI projects and how to assemble a team that is likely to succeed in these projects.
AI for Everyone course has given me a brief overview of the AI and things , functionality related to it.
It was very helpful to understand what AI and the surroundings before getting into AI. Thank you  Sir :)
Very clear but short / high-level intro on AI and its potential implications. Recommended for beginners.
It is a Nice way to enter and know basics about what is AI and what happens in it at a broad perspective
It's good to have this course.This course explains the case studies of the AI and so many things on it.
Its very interesting and very helpful to know about Artificial Intelligence and very new thing to learn
A good course for beginner. It's a bit shallow for a CS graduate. The general framework is still good!
A good course for beginners in AI. it helps develops interst and incease awareness and knowledge in AI
Would have preferred it to be slightly more technical. But I suppose there are other courses for that.
This course provided me a brief overview of AI. This course helped to gain a valuable knowledge of AI
This gave a nice overview of the fundamentals of AI. Andrew, the instructor presented this very well.
Great!! But should've added ways to learn AI, I mean the basics from where to start(Major key words)
The subtitles were very unimpressive but the course content was up to the mark and very informative.
Well organised and described course with real filed examples. Many thanks to the course instructor.
Thank-you for this course sir,I have learnt about Ai,machine learning and impacts of AI on society.
The instructor is good at Explaining and elaborating all the topics that are covered in this course
Providing all the content explained as a pdf material would have helped more for future reference.
As a new area to me, this course perfectly explain lots of things. It's great as a opening course.
i did not about AI but after this course i am able to learn new in this field. Thank you so much.
I expected some practice but the course was so great that at the end of it I didn't really cared.
Andrew Ng has beautifully explained the impact of AI and how a company can adopt AI technologies.
Useful for a non-technical overview of AI and Machine Learning: What it can do and what it can't!
It is a very general course. Well explained. It offers nice optional videos. It is introductory.
Well prepared, even an uneducated person can learn about AI. Special thanks to  Prof. Andrew Ng.
It's a very interesting course. I am glad to share this that course is a way to sharp ur future.
Very clear course, facing the main AI Topic. Starting point to follow AI/ML/DL in a deeper way.
Good course, concepts explained AI basics well. Don't purchase this course, it's just concepts.
This course give a good overview of how AI works. But,you dont build anything. is just theoric
It was good opportunity to learn on this period of covid-19 pandemic. It was great experience.
Excellent course for beginners, nothing technical, can be understood by people at all levels.
Very interesting and I have learned many new things from Artificial Intelligence for everyone
Best course to learn about basics of Ai and to learn best approach to get into Ai work force.
Good explanation with practical experience is most useful.to understand the today technology
feeling good about myself,now i have learned the verified basics, that the world knows about
Was good high level overview of where AI stands currently. I expected more technical course.
Nicely Explain the Structure, meanings related to the AI and also the limitations of the AI.
It is a very basic course about AI. Meant for people who want to be introduced to the area.
Provides a decent overview of the term AI. Lays the first foundation, that too a solid one.
This was an excellent course in getting an intro to AI. And very easy to follow.Many thanks
course is very interesting , informative and exciting to learn. the teaching is also good.
Excellent course, easy-to-navigate, content, delivered expertly by the rockstar Andrew Ng!
The course was informative, basic, and got to the intended level, but it did not "Wow" me.
Generic. Informative. Appreciate the effort of Coursera team putting together this course.
The course helped me to know AI Better and also helped me how to start my own AI Business
It is a great experience for learning ai technology.i have learnt so many new new things.
This is the best course for beginners and Leaders. Explanations is neat and clear. Thanks
Thanks Andrew. The course was very crisp and get's a view on where and how AI can useful.
Got Knowledge more than expected thank you Andrew Sir for teaching with that patience...
It is an interesting course and the way of technical examples and facilitation is good.
Good explanation. The best option for beginners who wish to start their carrier in AI.
I think it is better platform to learning. its provide grate  opportunity to learners.
Thanks Andrew Ng for giving such an excellent introduction on AI and its terminiology
This  course helps me to use in particular industries that help to improve in future.
Enjoyed the course. Easy to understand. Great professor. Thank you for the knowledge.
This course really helped me to analyse what an AI is. Very useful. Thank you Andrew.
Very Good For People Who have interest to adopt Artificial Intelligence in their life
Well done course, but pretty simple for anyone who already has exposure to this area.
enough knowledge to get an overview of what AI is. very good course of an AI to learn
amazing experience and provide the good knowledge regarding AI. Thanks deeplearning.
This course is not bias and really explains everything in the simplest way possible.
Lots of thinks to be learn specially data science and Machine Learning.   Thank you
The basics of AI and its implementation of every aspect was deliberately explained.
All content in this course is good & this is really helpful to learn basics of AI.
This course gave me a basic idea about AI, How to use AI for betterment of Society
Nice course but the minus point is that it is all theory. overall nice experience!
A ood introduction, but very basic for anyone that regularly follows news about AI
Best course ever to get introduction about artificial intelligence and It's uses .
It was too much theoretical . A little practical knowledge would have been better.
Very basic overview of AI. Great for someone just starting to dig into what AI is.
Very informative for a beginner like me. Very well explained with basic examples.
Loved this course . I would love to furthur explore in this topic more in future.
Very good platform to experience and learn something so important for free indeed
Definitely a recommended course for someone who wants a broader view on AI and ML
This course is good for a general overview of use of AI, in business and society.
It give us brief idea ,merits and demerits and how to initate AI in our industry
MR. ANDREW WAS VERY COOPERATIVE...I LOVE TO DO THIS COURSE...THANK YOU VERY MUCH
Its really very good for fresher who wants to learn about AI for the first time.
The course is good but i think we need more exposure to realistic problems on AI
I thank coursera for giving me this opportunity to look into this Al course 
This is an excellent course to understand what AI is, what it can and cannot do.
Topics are well explained, examples given are very informative and applicative.
very interesting covers my aspects but too simple algorithms were not discussed
Good Course as expected but would love to see the same information but updated.
It was a great experience to learn about AI and its impact on our daily lives.
It is a better course to learn basics about AI .The explaination is also good.
It is a very good course for a beginner to know about Artificial Intelligence.
very nice course to start learning about AI. Afterwards you have a better pict
It's an amazing opportunity for those who start initially learning this course
Helps to know in-and-out of AI/ML/DS , how you start within your organisation
This course is well explained and very helpful to everyone.Thanks to Coursera
Please come up with such nice course again with more resolution.....Thanks!!!
Good course for everyone interested in AI, its possiblities and limitations!!
good course to know the basics about AI technology. Enjoyed it thoroughly:)
very good course to understand what and how to proceed with AI technology.
Great intro to AI. A good start for a very high level understanding of AI.
It is such a great experience of mine thanks alot Mr. Andrew and the team.
Very interesting and well explained, happy to have completed this course!
Overall it was a very good experience on learning more about AI.Thank you
great examples, good starting point for those that want to consult on AI.
Very good introduction to AI targeted mostly at a non-technical audience.
very good explanation. needed more detailed project-specific explanation.
This course was simple and effective at explaining the relevant concepts.
Thanks Andrew for nice presentation & clear explanation of each topic.!!
detailed explanation in  simple terms. very handy and useful information
Great course to gain an understanding of the basic building blocks of AI
Well structured and articulated course for novices to AI. Thanks Andrew!
This course provides a basic understanding about artificial intelligence
Simple Explanation, briefly way to express your attititude toward to AI
Outstanding course by Andrew to make understand What is AI to everyone.
The course was  knowledgeable, learnt about AI , the teaching was good.
Great Course to start with if you want to understand the use case of AI
I got so much information from This course.it really so helpful for me
the course was really informative and the tutors explanation was good.
Enjoyed Learning this course .I helped me a lot to learn things in AI.
Its nice course. lot of thing i have learn by these course. thank you!
This is a good course to understand more on what AI can and cannot do!
It is a good introductory course and motivates to learn more about AI
This course is amazing for getting a generalized understanding of AI.
thanks to the coursera for giving me a chance to get such best skills
It is awesome course because it different course and advanced course
It was simple and easy to understand the general idea of AI technolo
Highly informative course with real life examples for the beginner.
It could have covered maybe more topics and give deeper information
I was new to AI, this course helped me to know what AI actually is.
a good course to start with..but a case study would have been great
Very well structured, complete overview of AI. Simple but efficient
An excellent introduction for starting your dive into the AI topic.
Love to know more about AI transformation strategy for enterprises
Very well explained by Andrew. Recommend this course to everyone !
A very good introductory course to have better understanding of AI
Very useful to understand and got some ideas to start AI projects
Very Nice Contents. Easy to Understand the concepts of AI and ML.
Very good, i am very happy to know and learn about AI technology.
very good more then expectedthanks for clearing the concept of AI
I LEARNED THE ACTUAL MEANING OF AI AFTER  THIS COURSE , THANKYOU
Good general introductory to AI basic concepts and applications.
very nice course, we can understand everything in a good manner
GOOD COURSE FOR STUDENTS SPECIALLY INTERESTED IN TECHNOLOGIES.
I learnt alot in this beginner course. Very informative course
best course to opt for basic information related to AI and ML.
Course us very informative & is first step towards AI learning
Good, if you have willingness to know better basic terms of AI
Excellent course for me to know more about AI and DL. Thanks.
Learned new things and plan to enhance the knowledge further.
It was a nice course. Revised some forgotten concepts. Thanks
Good certificate is not generated after completing the course
It is good for all that is who are not in computer field also
Gives a great overview of what is AI, current trends , issues
THE COURSE WAS AMAZING AND I LEARNT A LOT OF THINGS ABOUT AI
in this cousre is too good for me and thanks for this course
Perfect orientation and arrangement of topic for beginners .
It is very pleasure for giving this course to me. Thank you.
The learning module should have been bit practical oriented.
The course is very good . It is very simple to understand .
yes it was good and intresting about artificial intelegence
I like the drawing on the screen to give better explanation
You will learn a lot about AI After completing this course.
Some more information about AI in real computating world...
It's very useful for a beginner to understand well about AI
A good course for people who want peek into the world of AI
Excellent course. it gave a very good insight into the AI.
A very understandable introduction into AI. Good examples.
It was a good journey to walk with outlines of this field.
Good into course , simple. would love to have more detail.
Excellent course for AI introduction and its applications
It helped me understanding Artificial Intelligence better
This is so <b>amazing</b>, will recommend to everyone! :)
It is very helpful to me,to understand easily.Thank you.
next time launch some intermediate comcepts with hans-on
Very Good experience in learning this course. Thank you!
This course is very good for make any company good at AI
Useful for leaders that do not have prior AI experience.
The course is great to have a general view of the field.
please provide some notes such as pdfs and linls to read
This will increase our skills and also useful in future
It gave me a very good overview of AI in current world.
Well laid out course for everyone to understand easily.
very good motivation to build an AI company or projects
Good to Learn How one can start and know what is AI an
The instructor is professional and has wide experience
thought provoking and a great intro to the world of AI
Very interesting course where the instructor make easy
Great course for a person who knows nothing about AI.
it was amazing and kind of complicated. but still fun
It was informative and give good inside in AI domain.
the course lecture is very good and is understandable
Very Informative Course for Beginner. Must to do cour
Robot paintings in the back created much distraction.
it was sooo interesting and important..happy learning
Good Content overall, provides basic knowledge on AI.
this course gave a introduction to terminology of AI.
i had learned basics of  AI its useful for my career
The course was good, but it has it more interesting.
Very good from someone who is learning from scratch.
It's very useful in learning online courses indetail
Good but so trivial.I Expected a more deeply course.
A great overview and really good production values.
Interesting courses, nicely explained in simple way
This course doesn't have many technical materials.
The Course and the Professor both are really good.
It is a very good and helpful course for beginners
Very well explained and guided by conclusive examp
The content is very simple and easy to understand
Such a great experience for learmimg the subject!
Ai is very useful to the students tnqq sir/medam.
Very good and informative for starting ML and DL.
Very insightful learning and I really enjoyed it!
easy to learn and speaker speech easy understand
We learn many things.experienced me outstanding.
Great Knowledgeable program for AI enthusiastic.
Was a introduction to AI and good to start with.
Informative content along with easy explanation.
Overall a very good course.You will learn a lot.
easily understandable with a good explanation...
Well clear explanation ,proper way to understand
This is very basic and well explanatory course.
great course for beginner to  learn foundation
THIS IS A GREAT COURSE REGARDING BASICS FOR AI
STUDY MATERIAL SHOULD INCLUDE MORE FLOW CHARTS
It's really good for starters related with AI
Interesting course to get started off with AI
Very informative and good learning materials.
Need More Practical Work To Understand Easily
its  good and more usefullexplanation is good
Very usefull, especially for non-speciallists
A lot of information! Amazing thanks, Andrew
Excellent learning made simple and flexible.
This course made me exiting as other courses
Need some programming examples and solutions
Very good course and I learnt a lot about AI
It was very informative and nice explanation
Fantastic explanation by professor.Andrew NG
This is a very useful course for learning AI
Wow it's a great course by Andrew ng sir
Its a good course . Worth taking this course
Its is good introduction to the beginners .
It was good chance to understand AI overall
A very good introduction to AI for everyone
It was a very informative course. Loved it!
good overview about AI and machine learning
It was really awesome and effective class.
good course for beginners to know about AI
This Course Very Helpful ad Knowledgeable.
Good I have learned a lot.. thank you...!!
Thanks.............. for giving knowledge
this course gave brief idea regarding AI.
Good course to engage initial AI concepts
Ai sessions are very helpful of beginners
I have learned the basic ingredient of AI
The overview of AI is very well explained
its good to introduce AI in such industry
knowledgeable and easy to follow material
Very clear. Introductory level of course.
This is a good general orientation to AI.
good course  with all comfortable things
Good Introductory course to get started.
it is good course and easy to understand
Good experience about on online learning
good course for learing the basic of ai.
This course is  very much help about the
Best course for begineer of AI students.
Good intro, non-technical course to AI.
this course gives all overview about AI
very intresting to learn ai for everyon
Simple introduction with quick insights
Good course; but I expected more depth.
Concepts are made simple to understand.
Good non-technical introductory to AI.
Can be more interactive with some prac
Always Learning is a great experience.
Nice detailed course for any beginner!
Good explanation with proper examples.
it was very useful,easy to understand.
good to gain better knowledge about AI
Now I got How AI works And what is AI?
it's a really nice introduction to AI
great couse learn manythings about AI
very helpful and knowledgable course.
Good and easily understandable course
A very beginner course but enjoyable.
Great course on AI as a general study
It was  a really informative course.
AI is very useful for future purpose
informative and comprehensive course
Very Informative and well Instructed
Very basic. A primer but very clear.
Overall quality and content is good.
good intro. completely non-technical
Good course for non technical people
need more practices, but good course
course is so nice and easy to learn
Course is very good and beneficial.
Very Informative and Well Explained
Very helpfull for me. As a beginner
Best Course for the Starters in AI
thank you for u r support coursera
i learned a lot.thankyou mr.andrew
It was a ease way of understanding
This was the useful course for me.
thanks a lot for being opportunity
It was nice...for the fundamentals
very useful to improve more skills
what a  great explaination by sir.
Very Useful and Easy to understand
Interesting n knowledgeable course
NOt technical, but good instructor
Gives better overall picture of AI
This was really informative course
It gives basic idea of what is AI.
This type of courses are helpfull
Insightful content of the course!
Not too important. But it's good.
It's a super course for every one
Very well explained and trainded
Thanks for this useful course: )
best course for beginners on Ai.
The vast putting Best and simply
A good course to know AI basics.
it is most wounder full courser
Great experience of learning AI
Good Course but complete theory
Good and very interested course
Great content to know about AI.
it is a very entry level class.
Excellent and very informative
interesting this course i like
Great Course to start with AI.
Good we can learn easy and fst
Very deep informative about AI
It was amazing to learn with u
Easy to follow and understand.
A useful course for beginners.
Good to start with AI learning
it is very useful to learning
Good course for begin with AI
Good theoritical course on AI
best basical knowledge on AI
So happy to take this course
It was nice and very helpful
amazing course for beginners
I really useful this subject
It is hard to understanding.
Very Good also nice examples
Good to start for beginners.
good course for beginners..!
non covered techincal stuff
Needed more technical stuff
Really worthy course for me
Very well organized course
tis course is very helpful
Its should be more helpful
A really good intro to AI.
Good for entry level to AI
interesting overview on AI
Very good overview session
It was a very good course
We can understand clearly
Cool introduction to AI!
It was a great course !!
It was a good experience
It is very useful course
Totall theoritical based
Excellent overview of AI
learnt lot of new things
Basic Lectures about AIs
Very light - no projects
Basic but easy to grasp.
GIVE SOME CODING AS WELL
The best way to start AI
Good for overview on AI
Good basic course on AI
Really good experience.
the quiz is pretty hard
Well Explained.THANKYOU
Very good explaination
It's useful course....
Its is really Helpful.
Good for more learning
it was much learnative
Just began. Seems fine
Nice Overview about AI
thankful to Sir Andrew
really great lectures
such an good course.
informative course!!
Well Designed course
Its so good to learn
its was a great fun.
it was interesting.
it was very helpful
it was real amazing
It is a good course
Good and excellent
It's good training
Good introduction!
introduction to AI
It is very useful
AI is very useful
Good Explanation.
I gained a lot.
helpful courses
Very Helpful..
a BASIC COURSE
very use ful..
Knowledge able
It's very good
Verygoodcourse
Good Learning
good to learn
That was good
very usefull
It is useful
good enough.
Great!!!!!!!
Loved it  
Muy chevere
It is good.
Good one.
helpful!
thank u
wothful
Thank
NIce
Brilliantly delivered, contains all the most important stuff to help practitioners (not AI experts) orient themselves. I watch a video or two every day, and I'm learning. Really enjoyable and useful.
I got a comprehensive overview of what AI is and the meanings of various concepts being talked about in this context. Excellent course for one to start on a solid ground. Five stars! Thank you Andrew.
Highly recommended for anyone wanting to start learning about AI. Explained in an coherent and intuitive way and will help lay the foundation for a lifelong learning experience and a new career in AI.
I now are equipped with right attitude to AI projects, it's limitation and how it will affect our society/jobs. It is very beneficial for me to set up the right mindset to carry on to next AI courses.
Wonderful and very insightful course. Cleared a lot of doubts and misconceptions. Once again Kudos and Thank you to Prof. Andrew Ng for a wonderful course and educating the world to be a better place.
Professor Andrew Ng is excellent at explaining complex topic into simple, easy to understand ideas that helps everyone learn about AI growth, limitations, and value to society and the world economy.
Everyone should take this course small step for a big picture. Andrew Ng is awesome when explaining things. Quality and background is good compared to other videos. Became fan of Coursera after this.
This course is very informative and explained clearly with examples. I thoroughly enjoyed learning all the details related to AI. I recommend those who want to learn about AI to first take this course before jumping to learn the technical aspects as it will give the big picture.Thanks, Andrew!!!
I am glad to have this opportunity to learn about AI and thanks to coursera for the excellent opportunity. I recommend everyone should take it to understand how AI can impact in the regular business.
Take whatever you are already knowledgeable in and learn some AI and do your area plus AI, then you might be more uniquely qualified to do very valuable work by applying AI to whatever area you are already an expert in. Really inspiring.
In fact I was totally ignorant about Ai. I could learn the all the basics of AI. I have gained enough knowledge about primary principles of Ai. Many thanks to our Instructor  for enlightening me. nligh
Great content, Andrew is one of the best data science/ AI teachers in the world. Many thanks for creating this AI course. Look forward to the next!
This course helped me understand the AI from the basics. The procedures are explained very clearly to make them understand in a layman sense. I would apply the learnings at my work. Thank you!
Clear and concise course that gives a person with no previous knowledge in this field a good introductory grasp of AI systems. Highly recommended.
Excellent course for anyone who wants to understand ai and how it is being applied across many industries. Five star for ANDREW NG and COURSERA.
It's a fantastic course by Andrew. Everyone should take it to understand how AI can impact any software system.
Very nicely explained with examples by Andrew Ng... awesome articulation, great content and an equally challenging quiz to evaluate the candidates. Thanks Coursera and Andrew Ng for this great course
Excellent overview for anyone wanting to quickly get their arms around what AI is all about. It is possible to complete this course in a lot less than 4 weeks and I completed it on a 12-hour flight.
This Course really interesting and very helpful for us who's came from another background without computer science background.I will said my friends to doing this course.
It is a fantastic course, although introductory. It is just the beginning and this course simply motivates me to continue my studies on AI.
Awesome course. Great lecture by Andrew Ng. I recommend all the developers also who are moving to AI or Machine learning
The course actually does what its title promises: Introduces everyone to AI. Well designed, with helpful examples, this course is the best boost for a beginner entering the world of AI. Andrew Ng has an amazing way to transform complexity into simple, understandable words. I definitely recommend it as one of the most valuable courses I have attended so far. Thank you Andrew!
Simple yet very informative and interesting. The length of the course is just nice and the course has triggered me to learn more about AI. Thank you Andrew ! Great stuff! Keep up the good work in AI !
Good High-level intro for AI which is useful for not only those unfamiliar with AI and how it works but also useful for engineers to see how AI relates to the business & when it makes sense to use AI.
Great overview of AI, from what it can currently do, to how it does what it does, how to "train" AI, how to consider using it in you work and the societal and employment implications of AI. One of the major reasons I took this course was because it was presented by Andrew Ng, a foremost expert in AI technology.  The course was broken down well into "bite-size" chunks and "easy to digest." I would recommend it to anyone who wants to better understand this technology.
Andrew explained the basics of AI very well with live examples and its implications to our lives. He also included technical videos to curious minds. What I liked most is finding the overlap area of AI and your professional vertical skills and working on them. His explanation of how bias can impact AI programs and what are the things we can do to reduce bias is awesome.  This course motivated me to go the whole nine yards in deep learning.  Keep learning life long.
This course, by far, is the most interesting introductory AI course I have ever done. It really shows the way to accelerate job skills on AI companies. For those who want to have a new AI startup, this course is a must. So don't waste your time, enroll as early as possible.
I must admit that this is the best online course that I've completed so far. The course is just simple and sweet explaining everything one needs to know clearly and simply without loosing its essence.
Great course - both thoughtful and concisely focused on the essential and complex environment around AI alongwith an introduction to the present stae and projected state
This course is the best if someone want to know concepts behind AI(new elctricity). It would be helpful if this course is taken before getting into AI more.
Great course for beginners who are curious about AI. It gave me a general understanding of AI. The lecturer can clearly explain concepts and theories.
A great course pitched at the right level ensuring inclusive to anyone wanting to learn and benefit from this topic.
Just Excellent! A must do for professionals and students who are interested in Technology.
Great course to get an overview about What is AI, its future aspects and much more!
A brilliant course for introducing AI to the masses. AI for everyone indeed.
I'd recommend anyone who wants to have AI in your career take this course.
Thanks for the amazing education.
very good introduction of AI...
Very good basic introduction.
The lecture for AI course as delivered by Mr Andrew was
excellent. And explained beautifully and I understand that it is to sweep the
world. Considering its bias possibility and adversary attacks, it is important
to get it controlled through licensing or Government enforced guidelines
process. Depending on the level of AI, like Robotics in the space, it is needed
to be under full control of UN and respective government so that fruits of the
Technology can be beneficial to humankind all over the world. BBC documentary on world war II delineates destruction of
humanity by people whose consciousness level could not be elevated. Nobody
knows who is the enemy of the other side. Rishi Aurobindo who was the spiritual
exponent died on 05 Dec, 1950 in his life-time was deeply meditating over the reason
of the absence of compassion in some segment of the mankind. As theorized and practiced
by Rishi Aurobindo - that consciousness level can be raised from inert matters and
sees elevation to plant, animals, mankind and ultimately God through invoking
of all-pervading divine forces and power. This principle if can be propagated
to large mass of people will do good for the world along with evolution of AI.
This course gave me an abstract view of AI as well as a realistic view of AI i.e. a high level sense of what AI can and can not do.  So, for someone who is first trying to understand what is AI all about, what are the key tools of AI i.e. Machine Learning including Deep Learning and Data Science, this course provides a right perspective. It also mentions good case studies about complex AI products as well as the roles and responsibilities of large AI teams. AI transformation playbook will be really helpful for companies to get the feel of AI and strategies it for the right future of AI in their company. Finally there is a good perspective on how AI can impact society and how we can navigate the rise of AI in future. The course finally teaches us to keep learning to build knowledge.  Great foundational course and very well narrated by professor Andrew Ng.
It has been a wonderful experience learning AI, I am a Management Faculty, Dr. Anupama, Associate Professor in a Management School, in Hyderabad, Telangana , India. I always had curiosity to understand AI, as my children are graduating in computer science and having heard this buzz word, AI... could learn about it, and will continue to learn and see how to make use of it. Adding to it is Mr.ANDREW'S LUCID way of teaching which made it much more interesting. Im really thankful to Mr,Andrew for his patience and explanation which anyone can understand. Finally, i feel fortunate to learn this course from course era, with out which, this could not have been possible. Thank you once again, i will make all my friends who are equally interested in learning something new to attend this course.Thank you once again.
I found this course very informative, specifically for the one like me, who is starting this AI from scratch. Andrew Ng provided a complete picture of how AI can be practically implemented for the betterment of society. I would like to suggest if some practical videos of AI applications could be added like how Alexa, siri are being used. As being a national of developing country Pakistan where technology is not very common. These devices are very expensive and are not frequently used, so a exposure is required. And another suggestion concept in case studies in which step expertise of software engineer, Machine learning engineer are required need to be emphasized. What kind of hardware support is required need to be discussed for the development of application Otherwise it was perfect. Thanks Andrerw Ng.
This basic course about AI is really helpful to start career in AI. The first step in any course is to understand basics about the subject which is provided by this course about AI. As we see that AI is the future in any industry, the person belonging to technical as well as non technical background can study AI.This course is well designed for beginners. Being a beginner in AI, I understood the concept of AI, what it can do,most importantly what it cannot do, its limitations, steps to follow to implement AI, impact of AI on economy and society. Finally, I am confident that because of this course, I will be able to develop a suitable project to make system efficient and intelligent. I thank Coursera for providing such a nice course.
This course helped learn the difference between a Data Science and ML project and build an intuition of how I can apply this iin my context. For example, data science can help derive insights about user behavior in consuming learning content. For this I learned that gathering data from various sources and connecting the patterns in the data set, is what data can help. Once I have this then maybe I can build a ML to make recommendations at the right time at the right place users to pick a new skill or a new trend. This means if I can learn about Data Science tools, ML and synthesize it with my design, user experience, I can operate at the intersection of the two and future proof my skills. Thank you for building this course.
Exceptional! I enjoyed this course very much. It has demystified some misinformation about AI's capabilities. It has also help me feel comfortable with the technology and insights as to its applicability in the eLearning industry.  I like that the videos are short and topics flow sequentially.  Your examples are on-point with what is currently available in the real world. Your wit and charm also added to you delivery.  I will in deed keep learning I am hook on AI.  Thank you as well for taking the time and putting so much effort in creating these video. You are a true defender of AI and showing those that take this course the truth about AI and that it is not an evil technology aim to destroy the human race.
Excellent course for leaders looking at building AI teams within their organizational unitTeams getting started with launching AI in their org often have this notion of ML being a magic wand and along with that comes unrealistic expectations. The course helps you choose an appropriate AI project, set realistic goals, workflow of a ML project and pitfalls to avoid which will enable a successful MVP.The final week course cautions us on how our real-life biases of race and gender can spill into AI.An awareness of this is essential for ensuring that atleast the virtual world is free of bias.Overall, a must-do course if you want to enable your org to embrace AI and your team to take their first steps in AI.
I took this course to get an understanding of Artificial Intelligence and how it would relate to my work. I must say that the course has been highly informative and given me an insight into the utility and limitations of Artificial Intelligence. I understood the general working of an AI system, with many examples, and the impacts AI can make on businesses, at present and in the near future. It was also interesting to know the inter-relation among AI, Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Data Science. Furthermore, I feel that understanding the factors to take into consideration while selecting an AI project is very important, which has been dealt with adeptly in course.
I just finished this course and I must say I loved the teaching style of Andrew Ng! He is enthusiastic, he cares about his audience and promotes an ethical use of AI while making complicated topics such as machine learning and deep learning accessible to the public. "AI for Everyone" is really an appropriate title for this course: you may be a complete beginner or a more advanced user, you will certainly find something interesting along the way. Even if you knew about all the topics being covered here, it would still be a great refresher as it's quick and well presented. Cheers to Andrew! I will for sure enroll in all other courses offered by this competent lecturer.
The course is well-prepared to give a brief theoretical overview of Artificial Intelligence, and also includes its various aspects starting from Artificial Narrow Intelligence (ANI) and Artificial General Intelligence (AGI) to revealing various types of AI, and even explains for a realistic view of AI. This course is a must to have a brief knowledge on AI, and getting a sound knowledge on talking AI. It does not involve any programming, but offers good amount of easy to cover and nicely explained theory.I am glad to finish this course, and would recommend it to anyone willing to start with the concepts of AI, by the expert, Andrew NG sir (Co-Founder of Coursera).
This is a basic introductory course about AI. With personal experiences and easy teaching style, Andrew Ng explained what exactly is AI, and what exactly are each trending terms, such as "Machine Learning", "Data Science", "Big Data", etc. Andrew is an inspring professor, teaching with clear and easy style. One of the best part of this course is the consideration of ethical issues. Andrew offers us his own "trained neural network" (not artificial), coming from his experience, providing exclusive and very valuable experiences and tips from his own role as AI developer in Google. Thank you very much, Andrew, for sharing your experience with us!.
To cover very quickly AI, as the latest "hot" area of knowledge and/or topic/field of business decisions, this is an excellent course for a non-technical person (and technical person too - business side of AI). The course is very well structured. The teacher is also excellent and very clear in its several explanations. I have the following suggestion that could improve the robustness of this course: in each block, add bibliography and/or materials if someone wants to dive deep in some special topic of the course (or specific block's course). Anyway, I strongly recommend other people (technical and non-technical) to take this course.
When I started this course, I thought it would be a more technical one, as a I am a student of Computer Science. I felt more and more excluded in some of the videos which were explaining about the business aspects of AI. Then as I started the 4th week, I felt so happy about this course, because after all the 4 weeks, I gain so many different point-of-views about AI and realized all that in the 4th week while learning the AI's effect on society. Although I would have been a bit happier, if the technical part of this course is raised a little.Thank you Professor Ng for teaching us wonderful things.
Before this course, I had completely reverse perspective about the capabilities of AI. Going through the course material, gradually, a certain different side of information about AI developed within me. I know, this perspective, which I obtained through the divine words of Andrew Ng will help me through out my life in pursuing my passion in the field of AI and Cyber Security. I love reading continuously about the things that I am passionate about; therefore, I am going enroll in your next course of Machine Learning. I offer my sincere gratitude to Andrew Ng for his wonderful courses at Coursera.
It is a very good introduction to AI, but not in technical way. Very good if you are a CEO or someone who is in a management role and either you are considering or want to consider AI in your business. Or maybe someone who is new to technology or programming fields and want to know what is this all fuss about. One disclaimer though, I finished this course for free. You will learn new things I assure you, however, I can not be so sure if its worth a lot of money. So, I encourage you to prioritize your budget, Specially if you are after technical Knowledge, there is basically none here.
I enjoyed the course, but I would recommend a few additional elements that would strengthen its impact:1) add a few brief interviews with either pioneers in AI applications and/or business leaders who are using or considering adoption of AI.2) A few short videos detailing robotics work (Boston Dynamics, Tesla, etc.), AI in prediction of stock markets data, and/or use in social engineering or non-profit undertakings.3) Greater use of non-trivial business problems or examination of how AI or machine learning can help in elimination socially destructive industries (oil, coal, insurance).
A great course for those who have no exposure to AI or want to clear their doubts about AI.This course gives an understanding of the different technical terms and aspects related to AI. Different terms such as deep learning, machine learning, neural networks etc. are very well explained in this course giving both its technical and non-technical meanings. It also covers topics such as how to make a company an AI-first company and different aspects related to the use of AI in companies. Lastly, Andrew talks about the disadvantages of AI could have on society and ways to overcome it.
After taking this course, I am strongly self motivated to continue my education on AI Systems as a new challenge fro my own skills, knowledge and future view within my professional career development having an engineering background working in Procurement and Supply chain, I am convinced AI it is absolutely a "must use" within supply chain processes, to contribute with much better lean manufacturing and accurate operations.  Very Happy with this Course!! and highly recommended to all those, as me, interested to start learning this fantastic subject and todays' future technology.
This is a good foundation for understanding AI.  I would like more on choosing a task, planning and coding for a basic AI application. I enjoyed this course and learned a lot about how AI works, what it's limitations are, how it learns, what is used to "teach" AI, how it can be biased, how it can be hacked, why the data fed into AI must be correct in order for it to work correctly and much more.  I would like more on the subject of AI.  How to choose a task, code and implement it.  I really enjoyed this course.  Alexander Ng presents the material in an interesting manner.
This is my beginning to discover a new world of artificial intelligence, learning different aspects of this cosmos, for example, what is artificial intelligence and what are the pros and cons and how do we protect ourselves from electronic attacks and self-driving cars and many others, a coursera that provided me knowledge, love and passion to achieve progress in my dreams, because I am a university student In my last year in Mechatronics Engineering, I want to start my life developing Mechatronics Engineering using artificial intelligence.
Thank you Andrew.
This is great course which will provide you with solid knowledge and understanding of current state of AI. Previous to this course I have completed IBMs AI course on the same topic, and I must say, this course explains all concepts and realistic uses way better! Lecturer explains concept clearly, with real life examples and tells objectively how realistic are each in the real life and how it will impact us. It does not try to sell you anything (like previous course felt) but gives full information necessary to understand AI abilities now. Would recommen
I found this class really valuable and helpful in helping me obtain an overarching understanding of AI from an objective perspective. The insurance industry I am working in now has seen the upcoming of the applying AI for various aspects of the value chain of the industry, even though I am not a data scientist, the contents of the course are very relevant to me, and I am now more equipped to be able to embrace the changes in AI transformation in our industry. I recommend this course to anyone who wants to have an overarching and objective understanding
It was a very marvelous experience to be a learner of this Course " AI FOR EVERYONE " .. As a beginner , got to learn so many things about AI starting from its basics to how  Society associates it to AI in both negative and positive senses touching every aspect of AI in various things in between ... My heartly thanks to Andrew Ng sir for providing  such a magnificent detailed explanation to Every beginner .. As the course says "AI FOR EVERYONE" , I can say one does not need to have some complex prerequisites to go with this excellent course on AI ...
Very informative course. I had started off this course with no knowledge on AI but as Sir Andrew said, I feel smarter than CEO's of big companies. I'm glad to have utilized my time by taking up this 4 week course and highly recommend everyone to take up this course as it is very interesting and has been explained in the absolute best way possible. It will surely leave you with having a wider outlook on things and will help you debunk certain misconceptions that are going around about AI as well.I'm already on my way to attend more courses on here!
There is one overwhelming reason for giving five stars to this course- and that is the instructor. Andrew is exceptionally good teacher and the vibes I felt while doing course were very beautiful. As far as the content of the course are considered, I really do not think that any other course has provided me so much valuable information so efficiently as this course did !!!Grateful for your work Andrew. I idealised you to add value to the society in a way you are doing. Embarking upon this beautiful journe y of AI with this lovely course.
This is a course I will recommend to everyone ( as the title). Nowdays we often hear in everyday life buzzwords like deep learning, neuron network. But what does those words mean? In these course, Andrew will guide through all these concepts and explain in an easy to understand language. More than than, AI for everyones gives way for both individual and organization tactics to cope with the AI age. Last but not least, I appreciate Andrew's effort on the ethical side on the AI. Only with moral consideration, technology can benefit humans.
This course gives a 30K feet view of what AI is and how it can be useful to the industry and society. I strongly recommend this course to them who are willing to learn AI but have qualms about it and are still want to figure out how it will suit their interest. This course have enhanced willingness in me to learn AI or Deep learning even more - hence it's a success for me because this was my expectation from this course. I would like to thank Andrew Sir for his valuable insight. Wish you all the best and very good health. Much respect!
Such a great course very well structured and explanation by respected Andrew Ng. I will highly recommend everyone to take this course as it clearly and precisely describes what Artificial Intelligence is its scope and also clears the misunderstandings related to Artificial Intelligence that has been created especially through movies etc. Moreover I am a student and due to flexible timing this course offers I was able to not only complete it but also my university studies were unaffected. Hats Off to Andrew Ng and team deep learning.ai
I love the way a topic like AI was made easy to understand. As a medical professional, I expected the course to be not just tough to understand, but I also expected it would be difficult to see through to the end. Surprisingly and gratifyingly, you did such a great job, I actually feel I understood a fair bit of what you learnt. I have downloaded all the transcript and videos and shall be revising them again over the next fortnight to reinforce. Thank you for the efforts you have obviously taken in designing the course for beginners.
Simply Andrew ng is the best teacher I am really thankful to Coursera that they allowed me to learn from this course I am sorry for the last answer in the quiz , and I am really really thankful that you had approved my scholarship request as I was not able to buy this course .... I recommend this course to everyone not only to students like me but also to both employees and employers working in every field this course gives you knowledge which will drive you to gain more knowledge Thanks Regard Muhammad Talal Khan Afridi
Great Introduction course to anyone that is new to AI, or who have heard of AI but never figure the jargon such as Machine Learning, Data Science, Deep Learning, Reinforce Learning and more. Through the short and neat explanation by Andrew, now I grasp a "Goldilock" picture of what AI is - not being overly optimistic nor overly pessimistic on it.Just completed the whole course today (approx. 1 hour a week) --- I would suggest this for anyone that wants a better understanding of AI. It definitely worth the time.
Most classes available online deal with the detailed technical aspects and do not address important yet widely discussed broader issues or phenomena related to AI. Issues such as how to gauge it's value and what it can and cannot do. As a result you have armchair critics/experts feeding hype and hysteria in general. This course is brilliant in its competent and clear analysis of the actual state of AI and what AI will bring us in the future. As always Andrew Ng shows his teaching brilliance! Excellent indeed!
This is a great introductory course with little to no technical studies on AI. Every single person on Coursera can take this course and learn a lot of new things about AI, and also learn on how AI can be implemented by you, and how accessible it is. But at the same time the course shows, how you can make your AI economically valuable or you can make yourself valuable by adding skills to yourself in the right niche of AI, since AI is very large sector. Thank you Andrew and Coursera for this wonderful course.
I found this course very useful in building fluency around AI and machine learning, and developing an understanding of projects that are well suited (or not) to be tackled by AI.  Provides a useful framework for thinking about bringing AI into your company and partnering with existing data science and AI teams.  I think this will be high value to most business professionals interested in understanding how their companies and industries could benefit from the application of AI technology.  Highly recommend.
Thankyou Prof. Andrew. This course was a fantastic starting point for a non-tech person working in the field of Marketing (I am a Professor). As you have rightly pointed out, the best an individual can do is to be a life long learner, and to amalgamate the current field of work with AI; I am starting to do the same. Personally, as I hold a Ph.D. in marketing, it will not be that useful if I leave everything and learn AI development, but the best solution will be to integrate AI in my current knowledge.
I enjoyed the course very much, and would recommend to anyone who wants to know more about AI in general. There aren't too many technical words to scare off beginners, and the few that are present were explained clearly. It's easy to understand the concepts as the lecturer gave both professional and personal examples which compliment the explanations. The slides provided are concise and very informative. Lastly, the optional videos gave me the flexibility to gain more insight to certain concepts.
It is a great course giving a very broad overview of the current state of the industry when it comes to AI. The course is a must for anyone who is planning to learn AI development or is aiming to give an edge to their business using AI. For an AI developer, this course sets a very good base for how he should be approaching his learning. Meanwhile, for someone looking for business opportunities in AI, this course gives a very crisp account of how he should approach the AI at the management level.
If you were curious about Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence in general, this course allows you to dip your toes in the water and determine If this would be a career move that you can enjoy and be successful at.  It is taught by a veteran in the field and if you are diligent, you can come out of the course with top marks that will look good on your resume.  Now that I have finished the class I will now move confidently on to the next step.  Thank you, Coursera and the Professor.
Love this course.  It is indeed for everyone.  Not like the other Machine Learning course I took before, this course teaches you all the basics you need to now about current AI development and help you understand how to evaluate the feasibility and process for you to implment in real life.  No coding required.  Content is well-structured and easy to digest.  Yet, it does provide a sound foundation for anyone to have an overview of AI.  Highly recommended and absolutely enjoy learning it.
If your goal is to get a realistic picture of AI and to be able to understand what AI projects take, you are in the right place. Explanation of terminologies using examples set a good foundation for beginners to follow and digest. Course emphasizes a lot on what AI can do and cannot do, as well as limitations in real applications, which is something we normally don't get from the media and general literature. Insights on ML project management applies to general project managements too.
Andrew is just great: excellent ability to simplified things,
very valuable short motivation bits in the beginning and the end of each module,
smooth transition between the modules, again, explaining why we are learning
material in the exactly this order. Particularly distinct is him
showing impact of AI on society, not pretty parts of it and some feasible
solutions to reduce negative impact on humanity. Thanks Andrew! I highly
recommend this course to executives and ANY curios soul
I really enjoyed this course. This is actually my first course on this platform, and "officially" my first on AI. Andrew explained in a very easy and understandable way the progress of AI on these times, as well as its potentials. I look forward to keep learning more about this area, to increase my personal and professional opportunities. Thank you Andrew for taking your time into helping others understand this field. Also, this platform for making these kind of courses accessible.
The course was really useful to learn about artificial intelligence and other techniques related to it. Professor did a really good job clearing most of the misconceptions about AI and taught various things like how AI has impact on society,how to make an AI company,what are all the roles present in an AI company, other techniques like machine learning,data science,supervised learning,reinforcement learning etc and also how it impacts on developing economies and limitations of AI.
FIRSTLY,I WANT TO THANK INSTRUCTOR ANDREW NG.THE CONCEPT OF AI IS VERY VERY NICE AND EXCELLENT.I THINK I HAVE LEARNED A LOT FROM THIS COURSE.NOW I HAVE GAINED SOME KNOWLEDGE ON AI AND I CAN EXPLAIN TO ANY FRIEND.THIS INFORMATION IS VERY USEFUL TO ME.I WOULD  LIKE TO CONTINUE THIS COURSE.I AM VERY HAPPY TO GET AND LEARN FROM THIS COURSE.ONCE AGAIN I WOULD LIKE TO THANK COURSERA TEAM AND INSTRUCTOR ANDREW NG.I WANT TO WATCH MORE AND MORE COURSES IN COURSERA AND GAIN KNOWLEDE.
It is an introductory course to an AI. It will give you a sound understand of what AI is, it's classification and it's current state across different industries. The course also focus on highlighting the advantages and limitations of AI in different industries and discuss few essential important frameworks to start building AI from scratch in your company. Overall, I feel more confident about moving forward professionally towards building career in field of Data Science.
This was an outstanding course by an outstanding faculty!I enjoyed learning the entire session thoroughly and am eager to learn more. Such explosive concept as AI was explained in a very easy-to-grasp manner in a very fun way.Thank you, Professor Andrew, for guiding through an important emerging technology that is gaining more and more significance in the new era!I would love to keep in touch with your other resources, and looking forward to lifelong learning with you.
I would have liked to learn more technical side of A.I. Like going in more details on how models are made or what tools are used to make models and how deep learning works. More examples of A.I systems around us, more examples of how big companies are using A.I applications. And lastly few insights into what level of programming background is required to understand the models algorithms logics which are responsible for A.I. Thank you and Andrew is a very good teacher.
The course was an excellent primer and introduction into understanding what is AI and its related fields, especially from the standpoint of a non-practitioner. It helped me gain understanding into the jargon and verbiage of Machine Learning practitioners, and how essentially they map out their workflow and solutions. For business individuals, it's highly vital to take this course and bring a leveling ground in terms of their expectations of ML folks, and the reality.
Firstly, I want to thank Andrew! No doubt, he is an exceptional speaker. This course completely convinced my mind to make AI as a part in my career. As a teacher, I can't wait to share lot of things from this course, with my students. Worth spending time with this course. I literally searched, what are the other courses, where Andrew acted as Speaker :D, he's an amazing person! From today, he is one of the inspirational teachers, I've met in my life. Thanks Andrew!!
Amazing course! Everything explained is very easy to understand, even for those who have never heard of the term AI in their life. Andrew Ng has a very slow talking pace, making it easy for everyone to understand what he is saying. The course involves him drawing on a number of graphs to highlight and explain important concepts (I may have screen shotted some of the graphs for further reference ;) ) which I think is a very effective strategy for learning something.
It was really useful to get a holistic view of AI. The course conent is just perfect covering on various aspects of AI (technical, business values, workflow of an AI project, capability building, society etc.). I have been watching Prof. Andrew Ng's viedos and going through his courses for last two years. His teching method is really effective. His rich experience on AI with his humble way of teching makes him one of the greatest professors of the time. Thank you!
The information in this course was presented in a clear and organised way, building on knowledge as the course progressed.Andrew has a very pleasant manner and is able to explain complex topics to people are unfamiliar with them so they are able to graps them easily. This is difficult and he made it look easy.I feel that I have learned something valuable and that I can now apply this knowledge to building out AI capability with my colleagues.Thank you very much!
This course meant a lot to me now, I really learnt the importance of AI and how it is changing our industrial process and improving economic conditions. I have also learnt how to analyze, design, build and deploy AI Softwares and building the team in a company and which training is required to a particular role in a company. Simply this course has added advantage in my career to grow fast. Thank you, Coursera and deep learning team really appreciate your effort.
Fantastic Course!this is a must for everyone, Many people start doing ML, AI, Data science without actually knowing why and what is the optimal way to use it, however, this course will surely provide you all the insights you need and the reasons why you should go about doing AI and helping make this world a better place. Moreover the calm, polite voice and love of learning attitude of the instructor (Andrew Ng) will make you get inner peace and Love for AI too.
Completed this course in a day. All the topics covered are beautifully explained. Although the entire course is of theoretical knowledge, Andrew's charming personality keeps you engaged.Also, second and third week content gave me a lot of confidence into believing that I can become a good AI,ML developer by myself. I was following similar strategies and work flow but was not sure if industry standards are the same as well.Much appreciated and Much recommended.
The instructor, Mr. Andrew Ng , is perhaps one of the best teachers I have ever had in my entire life. He breaks each & every concept down into bite-sized chunks that are easier to understand & fathom. I don't have anything but good things to say about this course. For anyone who wants to start with understanding all those buzzwords that you hear around you such as AI, deep-learning, neural networks, machine learning or computer vision, this course is for you.
If I made it through this course, then anybody can do it! I have zero knowledge in technology and I took this course initially to be able to understand my two computer literate children who respectively work in and study this field. I am very pleased I finished it, because I found it very thorough, easy to understand and so full of interesting facts. Andrew's skills at simplifying the most complex information are admirable. I recommend this course to everyone!
My first online course I ever took. I'm very satisfied with the instructor and content of the course. One thing I would recomment that, it would have been better if the perspective of the course was not for company owners but for ordinary students; Still I feel blessed that I completed the course and feeling really motivated to carry this forward. I want to learn more about AI; Somebody, Please suggest me an advance course in AI. It's really fascinating.
Andrew is a phenomenal teacher. He clearly defined the boundaries of this course material and delivered the correct amount of education for the non-technical person. He also provided optional courses to dive deeper for those who were curious and needed more. This course is sufficient to get any company started on its first AI project (with the help recommended in this course). And now I know that process doesn't even start with strategy. Thanks Mr. Ng.
This course provided a comprehensive overview of: the scope of AI (what is supervised learning, unsupervised learning, and data science); gave practical advice on kicking-off AI within your company and how to choose your first AI projects, and; important context on AI and society - the information on AI and bias and other limitations of AI was helpful. Also, the content was presented in a very clear, concise, easy to follow format. Thank you Andrew Ng!
I am one that was a Software developer, long time back and then moved to the business side of things and became a non-IT professional. I wanted to get back to tech and had been curious about AI and Data Science. However, I did a lot of research but couldnt get my head around the host of jargon. Andrew is a fantastic teacher and had explained a lot about AI and its potential. Definitely recommend the course for decision makers or people considering AI
Really great course that gives you a good understanding of business as well as technical aspects of AI. My key takeaway is the importance of first starting with AI projects (pilots) before thinking about adopting AI strategy. 50% planning and 50% implementation is always better than trying to plan 100%. Another interesting topic was the advice for developing countries on how they could have a kick-start on AI, by focusing on their industry strengths.
Anyone interested in AI should take this course. I would even encourage everyone to take it, since having a basic understanding of how AI works should probably be part of general knowledge in today's world. As a project manager in robotics with a non technical background, I was already familiar with many topics addressed in the videos. However, this is the first time I see them addressed in such a clear, understandable way. Thank you Andrew Ng!
Andrew speaks clearly with proper speed for us to understand. The sample and presentation are helpful for me to digest the meaning. AI is an interesting topic, in this course I know the basic how it works, and AI must be very useful in the future to replace routine jobs so people could more focus on other more attractive tasks, some new jobs would replace current jobs, we have to always adapt with the new environment to survive. Thank you.
in my opinion this course can gives a general idea about artificial intelligence and can gives inspiration to do some project using this technology, me as a computer science student (master degree) i already take some courses about machine learning and artificial intelligence how to do the implementation of them but this course really gives some ideas about real life and what i can do with this knowledge special thank to mister andrew ng
AI for Everyone course has given a flair idea about the Data Science and Machine Learning and basic concept of the each terminology and how it can benefit the organization . In Addition to it , The course also taught the steps to be followed to be a AI organization and its limitations along with importance in society .Professor Andrew Ng has simplified the course and made it so easy with examples that even fresher can understand it.
I had very limited information about AI. My friend advised me this course and I really enjoyed. This course gave me a general perspective about AI and encouraged me to study further. I will keep learning more about AI on Coursera and other resources. I highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to begin the journey of AI. The instructor is brilliant too and made the subject simple and enjoyable. Thank you very much Coursera!
Very simple and lucid way to introduce AI technology to beginners. A complicated looking concept is explained in a logical step by step manner in such a way that the learner is never left feeling bored / disconnected with the topics. The last section on Impact of AI on Society could be slightly shortened / made optional as it is less of technical and more of factual information which maybe of more interest to advanced users of AI.
The course instructor Andrew sir just simplified the complex concept of AI which is very much exaggerated elsewhere. If this message could anyway reach to him, I would like to thank him for introducing me to the beautiful world of AI so easily and effectively. I do recommend this course to anyone and everyone who is willing to explore the field of AI and is searching for a head-start. Again, I am really thankful to Andrew Ng sir.
Fantastic course from Dr. Andrew Ng, a practitioner, researcher and expert in AI, for those interested in learning Artificial Intelligence from an executive and business perspective (non-technical).  This is an example of what a great online course should be. Time and money well invested as it will definitely help me have more intelligent conversations about AI in business and be a better professional. Thank you very much Mr. Ng!
I have never completed a course as fast as I did this one. I couldn't stop watching!! Andrew is amazing. I wish he had taught me throughout my entire life. This course is so well organized, and packed with information. I would have had to read at least three books to get the content here. I loved it. I'm hoping to fix my mathematical short comings enough to be able to take some sort of programming for AI next. Thank you, Andrew!
Andrew Ng is a great tutor. One should enroll for this course to have a clear idea of what AI actually is. It doesn't matter from which field/domain a person belong, he or she can take up this course to create an added advantage to his knowledge. And, if one keeps on learning AI through such useful online platforms, the person would be capable to implement the concept of machine learning in his own domain/work. Thanks Andrew!
Being already enrolled in multiple AI technical courses raised some questions like "what can AI do and what it can't really do?" Starting a project that is not meant to be tackled totally by AI is a big mistake I think many startups and teams fall into. This course is just as concise and to the point to explain to literally everyone what is actually Ai and what it can actually do without plain exaggeration!Thanks Dr.Andrew!
Dear Dr. Ng, Thank you for developing this program.  You presented some very interesting perspectives on AI and impact to individuals, business, and society.  The subject matter was easy to grasp and I will use the knowledge I learned in your course to complement my knowledge in AI for making better informed business decisions, here at Nanotronics.  Kind Regards,Julio Coppo, Senior Sales Director, Nanotronics Imaging, Inc.
I took the Machine Learning course, which was really difficult, as a non-programmer. This course is easier to follow for a business person. It has lots of applications and definition, which helps me move into the same page as others in the AI world. The only drawback is that I wish there are more in-depth content and slightly more technical: the ML course was too technical, and this course is almost non technical at all.
This is the course I should have started with instead of checking Tenserflow.js and similar courses. As a COO of a B2B Software company, working with REST API and mesh networked microservices, this is the course I should have started with. I am more than grateful to both Andrew and deeplearning.ai for creating this course. Keep up the good work and be sure you will see me as a student in your other courses from now on.
This course gave me a great introduction and view about AI and its possibilities as well as its impact on society. But it also made clear what is real, and what is hype. The course is given by an AI guru, smoothly and didactically taught. I recommend the course for all technical and business people that want to start in the AI area or that just want an overview about AI. Actually, this course is for everyone for real.
An amazing course, explaining the very basics of Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning / Deep Learning, very recommended to all people out there, looking forward taking a "strong first step" into these topics, and knowing how to apply those into their respective business models!I am so well satisified with this course, that I am considering taking also the severeal Specializations provided by deeplearning.ai!
It was a wonderful course. I am really grateful to myself that I learned AI ,which is totally a new concept for me, from Andrew Ng who made the concepts really interesting. I got to know about Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence and Data Science , and as to how they are interlinked. The basic concepts in a very non-technical manner, has helped me to dive deep into their inricacies of these varios concepts.
This is my first online course ever. I loved the way it was structured. It now motivates me to gain more knowledge and apply the same for the betterment of my  career, contribute wholesomely to my company, country and the world at large. My sense of self worth and ability to contribute to society has increased. I am notch higher in my confidence. Thank you so much Mr.Andrew Ng. You are superb guru. Namaskrams.
I am interested in the technical part of AI, but this course was surprisingly helpful even for a technical person.I happy I took it. I learned a lot about a leadership (or bird's eye) view of AI and regardless whether you are in a managerial position or not, most likely this easy course will add value to the work you do.Thanks for putting it together! I'd say it's a must do intro too AI truly for everyone.
Definitely geared for everyone and anyone.  The course is broken down into digestible material packets that make it easy for anyone new to AI to comprehend.  Excellent analogies, examples,  and an overall very well spoken guide that touches the ground level for understanding the various categories of data science, deep learning and AI.  Then there is the Eric Joyner artwork that also makes you wonder...
A million salutes to Andrew for making such a complex course so simple for us!  Well structured, well steered, simply explained!  For a "C" level executive like me at the age of 63 years, this was a wonderful experience.  I would have normally shied away from this potentially exciting field, resigning to the fate..."not for me"!  I am energized to drive AI initiatives in my company.Thanks again Andrew!!
Takes us through the circumference of AI, Machine Learning and Data Science; covering the technology and techniques involved in putting them to use for everyday use cases; while teaching the definitions, applications and limitations of what they can and cannot/should not do - in simple and easy to follow concepts and thought-exercises.An enjoyable must-learn for everyone!Thanks Andrew Ng and Coursera!
Through this course, I am able to understand following and hopefully can apply in future:-AI Strategy & it's building blocks-How to create an AI team & AI company-Find use cases where a repetitive task can be replaced with AI rather than focusing on whole job function-How to make AI solution more effective by reducing bias and adversarial attacks-How to adopt and learn AI while using current skill set
This is a tremendous course for starters to understand what exactly does AI mean. Andrew breaks down the Content into digestible modules which makes understanding extremely easy. There are reasons to be optimistic as courses like these would enable a dramatic improvement in the understanding of AI. Thank you very much, Andrew for the excellent course and your efforts in demystifying this world of AI
The course was very useful to know about AI, its limitations, what can and can't be done with AI. Learned about difference between machine learning and deep learning, Roles and responsibilities of various positions in AI era. The course faculty explained all the concepts very clearly and in understandable ways with case studies and examples, and also with some of remedial actions for AI company.
Professor Andrew Ng is excellent at explaining complex topic into simple, easy to understand ideas that helps everyone learn about AI growth, limitations, and value to society and the world economy. Everyone should take this course small step for a big picture. Andrew Ng is awesome when explaining things. Quality and background is good compared to other videos. Became fan of Coursera after this.
An excellent course for introduction and getting an well structured overview to AI. Very impressive including technical, business and ethical overview. After this course I have a better understanding about what AI is, how to start AI projects, current limitation and social impacts. Structure and content motivates learning and makes curios to learn more. Best thanks to Andrew for this course.
I am a lawyer with no technical or science background. I'm happy and satisfied with the course, I have a great understanding of how AI works and plan to take it further with constant learning. Mr Andrew NG has done a magnificent task at making this course interesting and insightful. I would suggest everyone wanting to know about AI without getting into the technicalities to take this course.
I have nothing but good things to say about my experience with Coursera. I have loved the learning I have been able to do and look forward to taking many more classes with them. I have always been interested in Psychology and Coursera has given me the chance to take the classes that really interest me. I don't understand the reviews with low ratings. I have never had any problems with them.
A great course to help provide perspective on Artificial Intelligence, its promises and limitations.   As a consultant working on identifying and evaluating worthy AI opportunities, the greatest challenge has been about building awareness around the topic. This course helps provide the framework and language (to articulate the thoughts) to build an AI based organization!Thank You Andrew Ng!
The course was very informative. Even though I am not a CEO of a company or planning on becoming one anytime soon, this course taught me a number of things that I didn't know could be useful or information that would've taken me a long time to learn anywhere else. Understanding the information was very easy even though the topic is usually seen as a topic that is really hard to understand.
This course gives very good insight about industry transformation through AI application.  This course also help business leaders to set realistic expectations from AI application in their respective domain. It also help how AI will impact society and what action need to initiate to address that in short term and long term. To sum  up very good course to learn and embark on AI application
Great overview of the various related areas, understandable presentation even without in-depth expertise. Some of the quizzes go a bit deeper but manageable and good to require some thinking. Even with working with some topics in the field for past few years, I find it very valuable to have this type of overall view and show relations between elements, as well as practical case studies.
Very simplistic and authoritative way of learning about artificial intelligence and its profound impact it will have on the productivity. Busting the myths about artificial intelligence, learning the methodology to  implement the AI tools to improve the way we perceive our  work and the societal impact it will have to enhance overall approach for the betterment of the society at large.
Excellent course !  A must for everyone !Andrew Ng really motivates to learn as he masters AI as a whole and touches every aspect involved ! Thank you very much for allowing me to learn about so many applications and implications as definitely AI is a superpower that will lead us all the way through 4IR  times. I am 67 seven years old and have not felt so enthusiastic for many years !
It was my 1st course on Artificial Intelligence and I learned a lot about what AI can and cannot do, how to use AI to start a new company, what are the potentials of AI, the different types of Adversarial attacks on AI, AI and social impacts and lot more. So I would say this course will help me thrive a lot in my career of persuading my M.Eng. degree at Chulalongkorn University in AI.
I got immense knowledge about A.I. by completing this course. It gives you an opportunity in the form of a launch pad to propel yourself into the transformation of world which is taking place because of A.I science. I found the course easy to understand and extremely well made for anyone from any field of work. I would like to thank Andrew Ng for his teachings and guidance. Thank you!
I really enjoyed this course with Andrew. As a normal citizen and working professional wanting to learn more about AI and utilize this tool to do good, I find that his explanations are clear and concise. I would highly recommend this course for any beginner. It made me feel like I could grasp a basic understanding of the components of AI, which inspires me to continue learning more.
For a person to get information about AI concepts, it's career opportunities, it's advantages, it's disadvantages, it's fear among people, this is the best place to collect that information. I enjoyed every part of the course though I won't say it was a course as it was way better than a course. It was about enlightenment towards a topic of concern which is Artificial Intelligence.
I really enjoyed taking the class. It was the first time I've taken a class with Andrew Ng and his presentation style was very good. He providing a calming voice reinforced with (obvious) real world experience in the space. While many of the AI concepts were not new to me, I did learn from this course specifically about how AI is being used at companies based on Andrews experience.
This is a great course to provide introduction to AI for the general population. Although having first-hand knowledge in computer science and programming greatly helps fast comprehension on the topics discussed in the lecture, it is however not necessary and that the general population can still understand AI better and will improve the society should AI technology is implemented.
Thank you Andrew, for a fine course. I am now keen on doing a couple of courses that as a following up on the domains of AI and Machine Learning. At this time, I would like (a) if you could suggest follow-up courses as a next step for Engineers to continue on the AI & ML space (b) share references to books, blogs and some authors to follow in Twitter / LinkedIn.Cheers! Thank You!
This course and the respected instructor offered much more knowledge than I ever expected from it! Honestly, I knew a lot about these fields but there is an immense expansion in my knowledge after completing this. The course length and content justifies it's title.I sincerely thank Mr. Andrew Ng for all his effort into making this course and all other his platform has to offer.
Firstly, I thank Prof.Andrew Ng for such a wonderful course. It is useful for learners and professionals across multiple disciplines, and clears all the misconcepts regarding AI,ML & Data Science. The modules of Building AI projects and case studies provide deeper insights. This course can be the first choice of any individual for a better carrer establishment in AI.Thank you.
Over 20 years, I have observed technology transform the way we work or make decisions in our work area. Andrew was simply great in providing a very grounded, and clear insight into adapting to AI in our work places. And as he said - we now have the unique advantage of working at the cross-section of our work and AI. The journey continues.....!! Next task, visit deeplearning.ai
This is an amazing course. It builds a clear understanding that What is an AI. What are Its Applications and many more? I Will refer this course to every person either he/she wants to begin his/her career in AI or not. Everyone must know what is really meaning of AI its impact on their lives, society, businesses. Thanks for creating such an amazing course. I really enjoyed it.
This is a fantastic foundation course for anyone with or without a technological background to get to know and understand what AI is, how it can be used or built, what are myths and limitations, how it can be used in your company or area of interest.I love Andrew's commentary and articulate videos. I will come back to do the other AI courses created by him and his team. Cheers
This course sets the foundation by which anyone in business should approach learning about AI. If you listen intently to the course, you will also notice succulent, valuable information based on Andrew's experience setting up AI projects within other companies. This information is incredibly important to me as I can be confident my recommendations are based on his experiences.
Learning basics of AI with Mr. Andrew is a nice experience. The course content and the way it was presented, both encouraged me to move ahead and learn more about AI especially with Mr. Andrew. This course gave me a detailed insight of AI. I strongly recommend to every beginner in the field AI, to attend this course. I have very less words to show my gratitude for Mr. Andrew.
i got to learned a lot of things related to Machine learning ,Artificial Intelligence.I have learned basics of AI,Terminology of AI and many,Building of AI..It will going to be used in future when I am going to join the corporate world. Mr.Andrew explained very well to each and every topics related to AI and covered  the all topics by giving best example.Thank you so much.
A great course for everyone on AI technology, indeed. For developing economy, jumping over rungs on the economy ladder with AI would also depend on the education level of those labor forces who are imposed to switch from repetitive work to more advanced vertical segments of industries. Without that foundation, in my view, it is very hard for those countries to adapt to AI.
This is a basic course about AI (Artificial Intelligence). This course gave me an understanding of different AI technologies such as machine learning, deep learning, artificial neural networks, pros and cons of AI, and an overview of building an AI company. Sine this course in non-technical/theoretical, it's recommended for the beginners, and it's not limited to engineers.
AI For Everyone is a great course that imparts fundamental knowledge for individuals to better understand the basic components of AI, the factors and drivers in building successful AI capabilities within organizations, and the diligence required in implementing AI systems. I would highly recommend it to everyone interested to enhance their existing knowledge of AI systems.
'AI for Everyone' is a course for anyone remotely interested in AI. Without going into the heavy mathematics, you will get a good flavor of the work that is being done in multiple areas using AI and slightly get inspired to create your own start up in AI too. If you do, all the best from my side :) Thank you deeplearning.al and Andrew Ng for creating this beautiful course.
Very accessible and broad overview of the main concepts and current issues relating to AI. Not technical at all and if you have any technical understanding of AI you may find it too generalist in approach, however if you are a business professional with no prior understanding or experience of AI or machine learning and want to grasp the basics this is well worth the time.
The course was my favorite of all Coursera courses learnt so far.  The course instructor, Mr. Andrews beautifully fitted the concept of AI, which has been baffling me over the years. I thank the instructor for such a wonderful course compliant to current knowledge on the fields of AI, Machine Learning, Data Science and the practical utility of AI in real life. Thank You!
It was geneuinely very helpful to learn the new technology and to get the perfect knowledge about modern developed technology, moreover this course taught me to learn about the importance of AI in our society and vast future of AI.  Thank you very much to all the professor and staffs who made this course with their hard work. And most imporatantly Thanks to Coursera.
Andrew is a great instructor, with lots of expertise and a varied tone of voice. The course discusses examples that are easy to understand and relate to, and the questions in the quiz target your understanding, not how many exact numbers you can remember. I feel like I actually learned a lot! The course is quite light in workload - each week consists of around 10 sho
Excellent course about AI, from theory to practice, to learn about.  Mr. Andew Ng's presentations are very easy to understand, not only his languges but also his drawings are very helpful to make things clear right away.  The timetable is reasonable to follow step by step from what to how.  Finally I like the good will with social responsibility shown during as well.
AI for everyone is the first class I finished in coursera,even though I have known mooc for 7 years. This lesson simply and explicitly explained the basic notion and latest thoughts about AI. It helped us built a basic and whole picture of AI's development. Thank you for Andrew's great class and coursera,even I have no relative background,I can still learn it online.
4.5 stars. Very good introduction to A.I. I put it on 1.25-1.5 speed, and it went by quickly yet efficiently. I suggest adding one more video giving a quick introduction to some of the A.I. software available on the market, or a simple exercise to help us gain some practical experience. But overall, I really liked this course, and it got me interested to learn more!
Although the course description kept telling it is a non-technical course, I urge all AI researchers to enroll to have a deep dive experience of how to collaborate with AI business management or managerial positions for building a successful AI synergistic product. The course is a mindset changing to "everyone" entering AI field. It is truly making "AI for Everyone"
Excellent course to get started on track with understanding the fundamentals of AI in a more broader context, sans unnecessary jargon. The first three weeks are amazing and got me hooked because of nice narration by Andrew Ng. , he is truly a very good teacher.The next logical step would be to deep dive, into specific areas and get a grasp of technical prowess of AI
If you are a complete beginner in AI or ML then this is the right course to get your concepts cleared about what AI and ML is all about its basic without  going into too much of details.Every concept was explained clearly with enough examples.The quiz level was neither too easy nor too difficult and paying enough attention to the lectures will get you through them.
This is a great non-technical course for beginners who want to start with the basics of AI.Also, I would advise who are already well-versed with AI to take this course, as it cuts through the major AI - hype and allows to understand how AI can be applied in industries.Finally, I would like to thank Andrew Ng Sir, for all his efforts into the course. Thank You, Sir.
The overall the course is super and is very helpful in understanding the basics of AI, Machine learning and deep learning and as well data science. The course has given very good knowledge on the above mentioned topics. I would definitely apply those skills to solve real world problems.Thank you Andrew Ng sir, we are very lucky to have a Faculty/Teacher like you.
I believe this course gave me the basic information required to carry on a conversation about artificial intelligence with those more skilled in the field. My hope is that my newfound vocabulary will help me address different problems in healthcare from unique vantage points. It is also obvious to me that I need to continue to expand my knowledge in this arena.
I find the course content and its instructional design very interesting, stimulating  and simple. As head of a corporate in house Finance Academy, I can now start thinking ways of using AI with our cross functional  AI teams to automate some tasks , which reduce the drudgery  of my departmental colleagues , which will positively impact  our Academy's learners.
I am overwhelmed with the content and coverage for the course AI for Everyone. Professor Ng with his profound wisdom have made the subject extremely lucid and engaging. I will strongly recommend this course for everyone with an interest to understand AI and its potential to solve real-world problems. A must course for all to appreciate the inner beauty of AI.
As the tittle of this course says "AI for everyone",yah it's exactly AI for everyone. Through simple examples Andrew sir won to give a correct notion about each concept. I learned from his class that the first and most important thing is to get started. This course will definitely help and motivate the starters, who wish to do something in AI. Thank you sir.
I signed up for coursera for the first time a month ago. I'm learning English and I can only speak the English of an elementary school student at best. It took me about twice as long to learn as it did because I had to look up the words in class, but Mr. Andrew's explanations were easy to understand and I was able to learn more about AI. I really appreciate.
It was a wonderful experience, now i know so much about the foundations of AI, Machine learning and Deep learning.I recommend all those to take this course who want to know what exactly is AI, ML and Deep learning. Very big thanks to Andrew Sir for explaining these topics in a very knowledgeable and interesting manner. It will help me a lot with my career.
It is a very informative course. One of the basic things that really drew my attention is the details they put in recording the videos and the detailed preparation of the slides. I will keep going over the course again and again until I master it to detail because I know in the future, AI will be a well sought after concept. Well done. You did a great job.
Five start rating from my side for this course. It provided with significant knowledge required to get an overview of AI and its application in various industry. I can fully vouch for this course credibility, even for someone coming from non-tech background wiling to enroll. Andrew, Thank you so much for making AI so simple, interesting and understandable.
Great Introduction and a very good explanation about AI, how it can be used, what is the technology, Principals, steps involved while planning testing and executing a pilot developed under AI. what are the advantages, what are the disadvantages if not handled carefully, and some exhow you can use it for the benefit of you and your organization effectively.
Thank you Andrew Ng. From being a person who only had assumptions about A.I., your one course has taught me so many things about A.I. While its only the start, its a great start to continuing my understanding of A.I and hopefully be able to contribute to society (via companies) in the most positive way possible and to enhance the lives of people globally.
AI for Everyone is an awesome course for anyone interested to learn AI. Either you're a beginner in this field, or you're someone who would like to implement AI on a larger scale. This course teaches about the terminology, the pros and cons of AI, it's Impact on Society and much more. I thank deeplearning.ai and Andrew Ng for this amazing course content.
It was a nice experience to complete the course in a limited amount of time.Andrew is really a good teacher, he explained every term in a very simple manner!And talking about the quizzes If you have all the notes with you right from the first lecture you don't need anything else for the study itself.Great Experience Guys !! Do this course ASAP.Thank You!
Phenomenal course that teaches the basics of AI. Even if you have a sound background, I would still recommend the course as it highlights some unique perspectives and special discussions on the many factors of AI. The instructor was amazing and very good at explaining concepts with concrete examples and use cases. I would recommend this course to anyone.
An excellent course, if one wants to know the science behind Artificial Intelligence (AI), its constituent elements, and its impact on society. Additionally, the course also gives insight into how AI can be used to transform one's business, which comes in handy in this era. I hope you, too, will surely enjoy Andrew Ng's engaging and informative lectures!
The course contains all the necessary material to help AI as well as non-AI experts to orient themselves. It gives a complete overview of what is AI and explains in detail the meaning of various concepts being talked about around AI. Excellent course for any company/individual begining in the field of AI. Thank you Andrew Ng and Coursera for this course.
Great course for absolute beginners. Andrew Ng is a great teacher. I would though like a reading list with introductory articles about the different subjects like the different ML/Deep Learning techniques (not too much math), AI ethics, etc. This is a fine course to bridge the gap between being an AI neophyte and Andrew's Deep Learning Specialisation :-)
This course help non-AI developers to be more familiar with AI, by understanding what impact it can bring and what limitation does it have. What's more inspiring is that Prof Ng also highlighted the negative social impact that AI might bring and how can we work together to avoid it. Overall, this course is totally worth taking if you're a beginner of AI.
Excellent and clear-eyed overview of a very important subject. Just right for people who have read about AI from the media or use it in some form via their computers or smartphones, but don't know enough about the underlying reality. Only a very little bit of technical explanation, so don't be scared.. Andrew's intellect and passion clearly come across.
This course really helped me get insight in AI beyond the buzz word. As a student who wants to pursue an engineering degree in Computers, this course was really helpful. AI is the future but unfortunately many education institutions still consider AI as a luxury more than a necessary skill in the 21st century.Once, again thank you for this great course.
The course is a necessary introduction to the topic in a light but concise manner.  It avoids discussing the algorithms as it is an introduction to the general topic of AI.  I miss a better diagram differentiating Data Science from Machine learning and AI but that is just my own preference. All the videos are enjoyable to watch and do not get you tired.
Irrespective of whether you are an absolute novice to the field or have some experience, this course is a must do for everyone. Unlike other courses that are too technical, this course finds the right balance especially for folks in project manger roles to be able to adequately understand the requirements of building an AI team and running AI projects.
Andrew is a pioneer in the field of AI and I have been following him on LInkedIn for quite sometime.My main motivation to do the course was to learn from the best and I wasn't disappointed.Highly recommended course for anyone looking to understand AI from applicability point of view.Andrew is not only a master of his craft but an excellent teacher too.
It gives me a concept of what AI is all about and remove my doubts and clear many hypes that AI is creating robots that will make humans slaves and human race will become obsolete in front of AI.I really appreciate efforts made by "Sir ANDREW NG" and his team who are doing their best to educate people about AI and giving guidance to millions of people
Beautifully structured non-technical starter for those uninitiated in the field of AI and ML. However, it also helps those who have preliminary to intermediate knowledge to go through the course in order to get their head out of the core technicalities and once again get a better view or the whole picture. Neatly organized and extremely informative.
This course is amazing for beginners and non-technical people, who want to learn more about Artificial Intelligence ('AI') and different terms used in AI. This also explains what AI can and cannot do and how to transform your company from a normal company to an AI company. I highly recommend this course to everyone who is intrigued and amazed by AI.
I'm an undergraduate student in AI. Before starting this course i have many doubts regarding AI and related terms. After completing this course , Now i can confidently tell to others that what is AI , ML,DL and related things. Through this course i came to know how AI can be used to develop a company and how it can be used in other ways positively.
As someone new to AI, but working with people/ companies in the AI space, this was an incredibly valuable baseline education in how to think about AI.  It also kept its promise of not being too technical (I'm a business person, not a programmer), while giving me enough knowledge that I feel more confident in my ability to ask intelligent questions.
This course is in fact AI for everyone. I work in design and communications and I found this course very interesting and innovative. Information was easy to digest for someone who does not have previous knowledge in mathematics or engineering. Thank you for prioritizing the dissemination of knowledge and providing tools to apply it in every field.
Coming from a non-technical and science background,  I always looked for material that could detail me AI without any coding. This course is the one. Now I understand all the aspects of AI technology. Really great learning through this course, ITS SIMPLIFIED YET VERY INFORMATIVE. Thanks to the instructor for making my learning about AI so easy.
AI For Everyone was a practical, convenient, and affordable way to learn the basic strengths, limitations, opportunities, and threats of AI. Now I can be a part of the conversation, add to the discussion, and identify my best AI opportunities. I highly recommend this course so much; I plan to teach it.~ Mark Anthony Pegues, Business Strategist
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. I had been thinking of exploring AI and so this course came at the right time for me. I am definitely interested in continuing my study of AI. Thank you Andrew Ng, this course was brilliantly put together and it far exceeded my expectations. I look forward to watching some of your other courses. Thanks again.
AI for everyone is a very good starting point that any individual( CEO or executive level) should take in order to start the AI journey. Prof Andrew Ng has a natural talent for teaching and sharing information, experiences and knowledge obtained during working for top notch companies or Ivy League Universities.Thank you AI For Everyone team!
One of the most succinct yet comprehensive introduction to the next big thing called AI. Thoroughly enjoyed the way the course progressed with so many examples, which made some complex concepts easily sink in. The faculty's approach to explanation with such ease shows the amount of knowledge he possesses. Wonderful and worthwhile experience!
good course and easy to learn for beginning level. Thanks so much to make me understand about AI. This is very useful for everyone who would like to start to know about AI. The example provided is easy to understand. Andrew has a good attitude to encourage his student and also to keep learning to be expert in our own area plus AI knowledge
This has been a tough in the beginning but later found it pretty cool because of the instructor, and I promise to add knowledge in machine learning and my capacity to become an agent of change, especially in my home country, Ghana, and perhaps the world at large.Thank you Coursera, deeplearning.ai team especially Andrew for tremendous job.
This course does complete justice to its title AI for everyone. It is a course designed to give a beginner adequate knowledge and tools to understand AI and what it can and cannot do. It also lays down a roadmap for participants to identify areas where AI can be used in their professions and how to effectively deploy it in an organisation.
This course has tremendously help me to magnify the AI concept in a very wider angle, not al on the technology side, but how in a global view, as nations through their leads can use these new technologies to leapfrog their economies as to move along the developed economies. Special thanks to Mr.Andrew Ng for his quality work. Appreciated.
The course was super awesome you enjoy the content over here especially the instructor is very good you get to know about the Introduction of artificial intelligence this subject can be used for everyone else there is no prerequisite or coding part in it...you need not need a PC at least because there are no software explanations in it..
Mr. Andrew helped me understand what AI actually means, the implications of AI, the difference between AI and Machine Learning. This course also helped me understand how AI is and will be impacting the society and its workforce. I would like to thank Mr. Andrew for imparting knowledge to people who are eager to learn and grow, every day.
Before taking this course, I struggled to distinguish terms like AI, ML, DL, and DS. It struck me as buzzwords. But now, as Andrew said, I am ahead of many CEOs. The course was very informative, made possible by Andrew NG - I am very grateful to him! I definitely recommend this course for everyone! Huge respect and hugs from Kazakhstan.
This is a great course for both non-technical and technical people. Highlights the opportunities and potential benefits for organisations and society as well as debunking some of the hype and the fears. An essential course to take for people at all levels if you or your organisation are thinking about applying  machine learning and AI.
Non-engineering background learner here. As a basic introductory course on Artificial Intelligence, this course serves as a perfect gateway to enter into AI. The instructor has a knack of explaining concepts in a lucid manner and in a way that makes learning comfortable. I would totally recommend this course to anyone interested in AI.
The course actually does what its title promises: Introduces everyone to AI. Well designed, with helpful examples, this course is the best boost for a beginner entering the world of AI. The best part was- "My favorite joke is why are there so many shocking results
in AI, because AI is the new electricity. Shocking electricity, get it?"
The content of this course gives a good introduction to AI and the possibilities ahead as a result of application of AI. One learns about the great opportunity presented and challenges that governments and other actors in society will have to face. Yet this is just the beginning. Andrew Ng's delivery is great.  Next please.............
Really fantastic and brainstorming. I felt every video was like ice-breaking sessions. Not too many technical contents, but it surely helps a lot for anyone who desires to work on this field. Highly recommended. Andrew is one of the best guys who can help you to understand complex things very easily. Overall it is really Interesting.
The course is exceptional and very easy to understand. However as the name of the course could've been a bit more specific since it's predominantly for everyone working or owning a business to make them AI friendly. Nevertheless, even as a student most of it was useful for me and i'm gonna start the deep learning specialization next.
I'm working in an AI and ML-based company, and this course really helped me in understanding a lot of things about AI and ML. I would extend this course to my friends, colleagues and clients in order to actually understand at a high level on the current trending technology advances and how can it be used to help others and ourselves.
Andrew is an excellent teacher and clearly he walks his talk by testing and iterating.  The course content has been clearly thought out and for a tech enthusiast but complete AI novice I found it engaging, challenging enough to require deep listening and real consideration and an insightful and helpful introduction to AI.  Thank you!
I am feeling good and proudful after completing this course it teaches me a lots of new things and which is definitely needed in this competitive world.this course allows to know about machine learning,data science how uses ai for their works at the last it also involved the attacks on ai.overall it's knowledgeable course so do it .
This Course was very informative! I was someone who had no clue what Ai was and I now feel more informed/curious about the world of Ai. The course is a series of short meaningful video clips which use relevant examples in todays society to explain Ai's impact. Would recommend Andrew's course to anyone wanting to learn Ai! Thank you!
There has been loads of hype about AI from the media. For those who have not learned Artificial Intelligence, that is quite confusing on whether this technology at the moment might be feasible. However, I have now realized how AI works and where it might be needed to make the world a better place. Thank you so much, Prof. Andrew Ng.
This course is suitable for beginners of all fields, of all ages who wants to kick start in ai either to improve business, get an insight into what ai actually is, how one can proceed in ai... this gives an idea to what you can do with ai for your profession/ business/career... also suitable for people who have some knowledge of ai
Andrew Ng provides the necessary non-technical foundation and perspective for anyone whose organizations seek to leverage the value of machine learning.. Oddly enough this kind of training content is difficult to find online. Recommended for the AI/ML novices, business executives, or anyone seeking a good primer on this subject...
The content is top-notch and really liked Andrew's explanations of some of the best AI projects out there like face recognition, self-driving car etc. Also agree with his vision for AI and Society. Now moving to deeplearning.ai for more knowledge and practice. Also like to thank Coursera for funding me for this outstanding course.
Andrew Ng provides the necessary non-technical foundation and perspective for anyone whose organizations seek to leverage the value of machine learning.. Oddly enough this kind of training content is difficult to find online.  Recommended for the AI/ML novices, business executives, or anyone seeking a good primer on this subject.
This course is awesome especially for those from management. I have been seeing sales, pre-sales, executives and consultants make very vogue comments or proposals in the meetings. This is awesome course by Andrew, hope this simple and clear message which he gives will percolate down the line of sales and executives of companies.
Being a new person to AI, this course provides a complete overview  on what are the options ,job roles etc available in world of AI and what future looks like. It also provide numerous projects ideas to try with. I personally like simple explanation by Dr Andrew on each sub topic of AI and his personal experiences in the field.
Just the Right Kickoff and Momentum as Andrew Ng says as first step !!!!!!The way he delivers the material is just tooo goood.I completed the course i think more fun way .This is first in line for my AI journey and will follow the tips as mentioned by Andrew to see how AI can be used in our current processes .RegardsVivek Nagal
I , being a Biomedical Engineer found it very useful. It was something very different and attractive to learn , though i had already came across these terms used in the course but learning here made it  more clear and it even have made me more interested in taking these courses more.I simply felt great here!.Thank you Coursera.
I learned lot of new terminology and advancements. Additionally this course gives me a better idea about how to explain AI to a newbie or a non technical person. I am an engineer, and even though I did all previous courses for Andrew Ng and went through AI transformation playbook earlier, this is much more than just a refresher
The explanation was so exciting that i didn't felt new to the Course. It was a good experience to know about that we didn't know till date.Sir, I will clap for your presentation skill, the content. I think the content and Explanation was created by taking the common man understanding.Thank you sir.Finally, Thanks "Coursera".
The course has given me a very nice overview of the AI. Now, I have a better idea of how AI can help societies and businesses. It also cleared my misconceptions of the unrealistic threats and hype of AI spread in today's world. Also, I liked a lot Dr. Andrew Ng teaching style and the design of this course. Heartfelt Thanks .
Great course for beginners! Andrew Ng's lucid explanations of machine learning, data science, and artificial intelligence in general keep a learner engaged throughout the length of the course. I'd definitely recommend this course to my friends & colleagues who wish to gain some basic understanding of artificial intelligence.
Wonderful course!, I came to know how the online platforms really works under this AI system, for example ML in amazon,google,self driving cars, pro's and con's of the AI systems. I strongly recommend my colleagues who are up to register this course,just go for it!.-kartheswar devaraj(electronics and communication engineer)
Great high level course for business stakeholders or technical minds jumping into AI.  Really appreciated the following:-balanced assessment of AI's current capability -the vision required to build a team and yet it's ok to start small-ethics and using AI for the good of humanity to solve real world problems vs just profits
Great course for the beginners, one needs a path to get master in the particular skill set, the Instructure elaborated each area of AI to get the idea. I hope every beginner who will complete this course will start the next one of his / her interest. Thank you so much for creating such awesome and loud and clear tutorials.
This is a great course for a newbie. I am energized to find was to use the concepts in discovering opportunities to use AI and ML. Even though I don't know how to build solutions, finding the opportunities will allow me to collaborate with technical experts more effectively. I'm not scared to ask questions now. Thank you.
My name is Jose Antonio from Brazil. I am looking for a new Data Scientist career (https://www.linkedin.com/in/joseantonio11).I did this course to complete my CV in AI and ML.  The course was excellent and the classes well taught by teachers.Thank you for the support, course quality and great classes.Regards.Jose Antonio.
Truely helpful for me and the people who are looking for studying the basics of AI and this course doesn't just let you learn AI but also gives you some idea about Deep Learning and Machine learning and gives you a difference between ML and Data Science.This course was surely helpful for me for learning non-technical AI.
For a complete beginner to AI, this course has been very insightful for me personally. It covered a breadth topics in a very succinct way with illustrations that pretty much most can comprehend. It requires great clarity if thought and mastery of subject to simplify and help demystify a complex subject. Thank you Andrew!
What ive learned in this course i consider as a theorical fundament for whats coming around us, in the world and the industries whos supplies everything we use every day. Dedicate time to learn in this course can help us to open mind about the great implementations of AI, not even in the tech field but in all we work.
I recommend this course for anyone who wants to have an accessible foundational look at AI. Andrew Ng's approach is easy to follow, interesting, and memorable. I want to continue to learn more about AI, not as a programmer, but to see how it may impact work in Marketing and Analytics.  Well worth the investment in time!
The Course is Phenomenal in teaching the Introduction to AI. You get to know a lot of things about including AI in your Business and a lot of information to get started with AI Projects, Team, and how you can manage all the Projects by gaining value to your Business and staying connected and on track with the AI Team.
Andrew is awesome in terms of the knowledge about AI. At the same time, he is a very good teacher and a very humble person. We need more like him in this world. i will promote this course to a lot of people. This is an introductory course. For someone who wants to learn more needs to follow it up with advanced courses
I had no clue as to what was Machine learning, deep learning etc., though I have been wanting to learn them for quite sometime now. After this course, I feel like it was very helpful and I have gained quite some knowledge that I have always wanted. A huge thanks to the author and the team which worked in this course.
Being a management student, this course has helped me immensely in getting a glimpse in some of the basic concepts of AI and its possible implementation. This course is exactly what I needed: a non-too-technical explanation of what AI is and composed of and how it can be exploited from a business-related perspective.
I think this is the best course for beginners who want to take a first step in AI. Before taking this course, i literally had no idea of what AI is and what are the building blocks of AI and Machine Learning. But now i am capable enough to talk about AI anytime and anywhere. Thanks to Coursera , Thanks to Andrew Ng.
Thank you, sir, for your great courses. This course is another gem in your collection. Although this course is 4-weeks long, it contains a lot of information about future of AI, how to apply it in your company, and its impact of societies and economies. Thank you again, sir. Much love and respect for you from Egypt.
This course provides an great overview on AI for everyone who doesn't have any AI knowledge. I really enjoyed this class. In my opinion, it should be the first class to take for someone who tries to determine if AI is helpful for their job or business before spending more time and money to achieve a college degree.
This course definitely develops ones understanding of AI.It is a Perfect suit for someone who is looking to learn about AI based on curiosity/Self interest.Also It is a complete package in which diverse topics,applications and myths surrounding AI are addressed in simple manner.Thanks for Andrew for this great job!
Thank you Prof. Andrew for the wonderful insight to the world of AI. Working in Semiconductor industry for more than a decade now, the course has help me in foreseeing the avenues in my area. With this interesting beginning to the journey of learning AI, I am motivated to take up the next step of learning about ML.
The course stays true to its name: it helps you start into AI providing a general vision without requiring previous knowledge on the subject. Also, Andrew explains everything with examples and in a most easy way. I'm glad I joined (and completed) this course and there's no doubt I'll keep checking Andrew's courses.
Throughout the course we learn to differentiate several important aspects in the use and development of AI that can be useful if in the future and in their own interest people want to immerse themselves in this field. I found it a very interesting course, appropriate and full of practical and valuable information.
The way Andrew describes concepts regarding AI makes it more understandable and makes you believe that you can bring AI to your industry. The flow of this course is perfect. The way content is distributed throughout four weeks provide you enough time to grasp the concepts and makes you think, ways to implement AI.
excellent instructor. The ability to take a complex subject and boil it down into easy to understand component parts is a great skill offered by the instructor. His guidelines for development of AI programs in business and organizations were both insightful and beneficial since they come from practical experience.
Before taking  this course I had no idea of how AI works, How can it be used in different industries, limitation and future of AI. Know I can Say that I am able to explain to anyone regarding AI and its basics. Mr. Andrew NG is an amazing instructor, and course was awesome. Thank you Mr. Andrew and Team Coursera.
I wish took this course earlier, this is (and will be for others) a myth-buster and insightful course that clarified all the confusions, delusion I had and provided me the ultimate understanding that other wise was impossible to get from similar courses. Highly recommended and it was fun learning, I had a blast !
I am very much happy by taking this course. This course helps me to take the first step towards Artificial Intelligence. Most importantly, Andrew Ng sir is a great professor, and an inspirational personality. He had motivated a lot for keep learning and make some remarkable mark in the world. Thank you very much.
The instructor is very knowledgeable.  He gives clear and precise advise on what to do and what not to do. His exposition helps demystify some common preconceptions about what AI can do and can't do. I feel myself more ready to discuss with other people about the AI revolution and what it can do for organization.
This is a course properly pitched for people who want to get initiated into AI and what is more important is to WILLING learn more about it after going through the course. You JUST CANT stop learning and exploring after you have taken the course!!A BIG thanks to Mr. Andrew for facilitating HAPPY & EAGER learning
Andrew Ng is so personable, calm, and soft spoken it was a treat to learn about AI from him. I highly recommend this class. It provides the perfect amount of info to retain and recall. It is well paced, has no fluff, just lots of insight and explanation. And so calmly taught. It's so easy to listen to Andrew Ng.
Amazing and comprehensive course on AI by Andrew NG. Great course to start on the AI journey where I got introduced to AI concepts, clarity on what AI can do & cannot do. How to adopt AI in my line of business. Highly recommend this course for anyone wanting to understand and implement AI in their organizations.
I really liked the course. Studying Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence through a professor or through videos available on the Internet is not quite tough. However, one usually does not understand the process of actual implementation and application within any area. This course was really an eye-opener!
Very good and informative course to equip yourself with words and concepts that will make a sense to the higher leadership in a company. This will help in influencing the decision makers to make concrete steps towards embracing AI in their company and to be aware of the reality and the hype surrounding AI today.
Easy to understand even for those who are relatively new to AI. Very interesting with relevant examples. Dr. Andrew is able to keep the learner engaged and his ability to deliver home a point in a simple way makes it easy for a learner to understand. Particularly liked the focus on ensuring AI is used for good.
This course is very helpful to me.As an CSE graduate,I learned the  modern features of Computer Science as  AI Technology,deep learnig,Data Science,Machine Learning ,Data Science and also many topics that are well described in this lecture.I wish good luck for the instructor for his hardwork and good direction.
The course nicely covers the breadth of AI and gives a pretty good understanding of it. You will learn concepts, terminologies and have a fairly good understanding of what's going on in the AI world - what once can do, what can't be done and what is done using AI. I would highly recommend this course to anyone.
This Course, like any other Course from Andrew Ng and his Team, is excellent, it illustrates so well AI and how to transition to an AI Company utilizing amazing explanations and examples. Thanks very much for putting together this Course, if anyone is reading this, go and take the Course you will learn so much.
A great course for anyone who would like to understand the fundamentals of AI. Very well structured and neatly presented.Like every introduction to a new topic, you need to focus on memorizing  some of the terms mentioned. Hence, pay close attention to the videos, because quizzes will test your memory as well.
Excellent course for learning the basic concepts, terminology and application of AI. Highly recommend the  program. Useful for people at all levels from company CEOs to students wanting to understand more about what AI is and how it can be used. Thank you Andrew for a wonderful introduction to the world of AI.
It is so good for everyone to start to learn about AI and how to make a good use of AI in developing your skillset as well as businessesAs a business owner, I am much more confident to join any discussion with AI enabler team  to create new or improve existing operation of business after finishing this course
Course is an excellent way to provide deep insights in the AI domain.  It highlights key concepts for and helps one develop intuition in the how to get started, and provides a thoughtful way to develop a ''Crawl, Walk & Run" approach to introduce, launch and scale an AI program in an enterprise organization.
The content of this
course is wide-ranging, clear and well-structured; hence I would definitely
recommend it to my colleagues. I would rate the
performances of Professor Andrew Ng as excellent; he has definitely made me
quite easy, a first approach to AI.Thanks to Coursera and
congratulations on this course
a very comprehensive and practical guide About AI for People from non-technical background. The Contents are from the practical experience from the teacher, it is very valuable. There are many practical advices for executives working in the AI area, which helps the People to avoid mistakes at the beginning.
The course is very helpful and insightful for me to have knowledge of complex concepts like Machine Learning, AI, Deep Learning. The Instructor - Prof. Andrew Ng is worthy being the best Instructor! He not only teaches us the concepts, the process, but also the ideas to apply AI to our company, our country.
Excellent Non-technical course. I have been in Talent Acquisition (HR) for over 20 years now, but come from a BS Computer Science background & had studied AI (& LISP programming in those days), and I am now looking for a slightly more (not a complete) technical course in AI (the topic is so interesting) :-)
I really enjoy this course. In the beginning, I was afraid however Andrew Ng is able to express clearly the idea and concepts behind AI technology. Now I feel comfortable with the subject and more confident to start my small AI project. For sure I will keep learning about AI approaches. Thank you very much
I have enjoyed this course a lot and as I am 78 years old I feel it has activated dormant parts of my brain.I compare it to body building in that after you have done it for a while you can see see your muscles develope. So there has probably been some rejuvenation of neurons in my brain, which is all good.
Thank you deeplearning.ai team and Andrew Ng for making this course easy for everyone to understand no matter what field they are studying or working in. This course builds a strong foundation to understand about AI and its impact on the society and demarcates the facts from the hype. Thank you once again.
This has been an awesome experience! It is my first Coursera course, and I enjoyed it very much! Learned a lot of things in a very short time, very effectively. The instructor has been great! Best in class! Thank you for the opportunity, I strongly suggest everyone to take this course with this instructor!
This is an excellent course especially for the average person to understand the advances of AI and what AI can and cannot do. I think this should be a special on Netflix or PBS!! to help people not believe the hype but have a more balanced view of AI.Thank you and Prof. Andrew Ng for this course.Tina Gosha
This is an excellent non-technical, high-level overview of AI. The professor's style of delivering the material is really brilliant, simple and enjoyable. I highly recommend it for those interested in AI but need a head start to understand what it is and how it can transform industries and impact society.
Even though this course doesn't provide many technical terms (as I thought before I took the course), it provides sufficient knowledge to take a first step in AI area. And the instructor encourages the student to take further step, to keep learning, and not to be afraid to take the initiative in AI field.
Andrew Sir's style of making lectures, makes a new and complicated subject like Artificial Intelligence seem familiar and relatable. I am hugely indebted to him for creating such a course. Hope that this course is extended and he takes more similar courses on more nuanced topics of AI. Big thank you, sir!
Excellent course! Andrew is extremely clear, simple with complex ideas, and easy to follow as he teaches. He also uses lots of examples, images, and real-world problems to apply the information that he is teaching. Great job teaching, I've already begun to recommend it to other friends of mine. Thank you!
This course should be mandatory for anyone living. The instructor Andrew Ng, presented complicated ideas in a way that was easy to understand and his gentle consistent style was engaging. I was apprehensive before taking this course but after the first lecture was reassured and by the end I am delighted.
It gives you a clear view of what is AI. The course is so motivating so that you could see yourself as an active participant in AI in the mere future. It definitely improves your technical knowledge. The instructor is fantastic. It also ensures the responsibility on each individual in contributing to AI.
The best course I have attended on Coursera so far.If you are a person who does not have a clear idea about what AI,Machine learning etc are,then this is the course you should enroll for.This course provided me with all the necessary basic knowledge of AI,Data Science,Machine Learning,Deep Learning etc.
Artificial intelligence and machine learning are helping people and businesses achieve key goals, obtain actionable insights, drive critical decisions, and create exciting, new, and innovative products and services.  This was the course which helped me to gain most foremost knowledge about AI.Thank You.
Anyone who wants to know what is AI is all about then this is the course. It gives overall picture of current state of AI, What can be achieved, what cannot be achieved, what to expect, what not to expect etc. Content is very apt for the title. Yes this course is for eveyone who wants to what what is AI
This is a very clear and concise course without all the hype. I can strongly recommend for anyone from beginner to intermediate.   I would also recommend for anyone in the "AI-Industry" who needs to explain  or present AI to a diverse audience about what AI is and how it works in a clear structured way.
Extremely helpful in removing all prejudice that I had about AI. I am a software developer by profession and keen to learn about the intricacies of AI and its applications. Feels like taking this course has inculcated more interest in me to learn about the technology. A very good starting point indeed.
Thank you very much for such course. Get an idea what is AI and where and how to implement Ai in our industry. Waiting for a course have little higher level with more explanation and examples. Also, if we know the infrastructure, where we can run a pilot project or implement AI will be more beneficial.
Excellent non-technical overview of AI for anyone interested in learning  about or just getting started in AI. Andrew does a phenomenal job explaining AI in a grounded and comprehensible manner. It was so simple, straightforward and engaging that I completed this course within 3 days. Thank you Andrew.
This course was well done! I really enjoyed Andrew Ng's style and ability to distill complex concepts into easy-to-understand components. I am a clinical geneticist in the software space and am thinking about how to apply AI to genetic data interpretation tasks. I would recommend this course to anyone.
I was enjoying this course so much... but after week 2/4 , i was caught by sudden surge demand in my work that I missed the dateline, then my courses ended abruptly because i missed the deadline... i don't know what to do because the system wont allow me to reset my dateline.  i hope i can restart it.
This course covers my basic knowledge for Artificial intelligence and clear all of my wrong thoughts about it. It also provide important information about the recent development in AI and how we can also approach to it.I will highly recommend this course to anyone who is interested in getting into AI.
I had recently joined an AI startup with no past experience with AI and its terminologies, eg, Machine learning, Deep learning etc. After completion of this course, I feel much comfortable with discussing AI with my colleagues and customers. This is definitely me upskilling myself. Thank you Andrew!!
This course gives you both a great panorama on the field of AI and Machine Learning, as well as a deep understanding of its flaws and how it might fail. Audiences from both academia and industry will appreciate the contents of this course, so I highly recommend taking it, no matter your background.
Finished the course in two days. Quality content. Loved it.For someone who has done the technical deep learning course and has been applying deep learning professionally, it was very useful to take a non-technical point of view in this course. The fact that Andrew can teach us both, sets him apart.
Such a concise, super-informative and well balanced course. I thoroughly enjoyed learning about Artificial Intelligence technologies in probably the simplest of methods with deep intrinsic knowledge. Thums up to Mr. Andrew Ng for crafting such an enlightening course focused on real-world learning!
A great introductory course to AI. I have thoroughly enjoyed it though I have no tech background. After completing it, AI is no longer a buzzword for me but instead I have a better understanding of how AI works and how it can potentially transform many industries and create value for the humanity.
An extremely indispensable course in this day and age. Very well taught. Gained lots of insights. As a novice in the AI, I have gained a quintessential beginner level understanding of this subject, and I am immensely hopeful that I will continue to work in this area. Thank you so so much Andrew!!!
Best non-technical overview of AI that you can find on the internet. Andrew Ng is a great instructor and uses some amazing case studies to bring it all together.  Very glad i took this course! I hope deeplearning.ai comes out with more non-technical courses on AI (i.e. AI and Ethics).  Thank you!
A wonderful course for someone that is wanting an insight into Artificial Intelligence. Irrespective of whether you are a student or having a full time job, as long as you are wanting to learn something new about AI, this course will help you get a little push and create that enthusiasm about AI.
It's was such a wonderful experience in this course Andrew Neg is a pure genius and explain everything that a beginner should know. I'm happy to complete this course and gain knowledge about the course looking further to take more course and purse the course under the guidance of prof. Andrew Neg
This is a great course. I would highly recommend this course to anyone wanting an introduction to AI. The course itself was quite challenging and definitely worth the verified certificate. Although the quizzes were just a bit tough, the programming assignments were extremely hard (in a good way).
This course is wonderfully designed to better understand what is AI. What we can and cannot do using AI technology, what are essential steps to make a company good at AI, how to evaluate an AI project feasibility. I think this course provides enough information about AI and how it is implemented.
The course is really helpful to those who want to know the application of AI in various atmosphere's and to understand vaguely the different techniques and method used in AI. The course instructor gives a lot of insights on how various AI based tech giants work and lot other info on this regard.
This is an excellent course if you want to start with AI, it doesn't require any technical background and Andrew does an amazing job explaining complex topics as simple as possible. I would recommend this to anyone wanting to understand the basic concepts of AI, Machine Learning and Data Science
Lot of examples made easier to understand the topics. Persons like me with minimum knowledge on AI can also go with the flow. Though initially I thought this course is not meant for persons like me, finally realize that I can also fit somewhere in AI either as end user or a developer in future.
This is my first course on the Coursera Platform and I  was having no idea about Artificial Intelligence, ML, and Deep Learning before but after learning this course I learn aritificial intelligence Machine learning and deep learning concepts, ideas, advantages, and disadvantages. Thank you sir
Andrew did wonderful job in explaining what AI systems are, their application to the current reality and how start transforming any company into an AI enabled one. I enjoyed this course a lot and learned valuable insights which help me to continue my journey in the realm of AI and Data Science.
This course is really awesome. Before taking the course I have a little prior knowledge about AI. But now after completing this course I strongly say that I have got a wide knowledge on AI. And i strongly suggest that those who willing to learn about AI. For those this course is a best option.
This course was totally amazing.I didnt knew much about AI before enrolling this course, but Andrew Sir explained about AI so greatly that now I have an clear idea about what is Ai,how it's impacting our life,its pitfalls,Ai and jobs and its attacks. It feels good that i opted for this course.
Very enlightening for people who have zero or a small amount of knowledge about AI. Andrew NG is one of the leading mentors in AI and industry and it is absolutely a privilege to take this course from him. I highly recommend this course to anyone from different backgrounds or knowledge levels.
Great Course for beginners and the explanation is done in very easy and lucid language. It is certainly advised to complete this course for having the self confidence to deal with future AI world. Also a lot of concepts like AI and society are covered which is very important in the current era
Lot of misconceptions about AI have been eliminated by taking this course from Coursera. Classes ware enjoyable and really interesting throughout the course. Now I'm more curious and passionate about AI technology and wanna learn more. Thank you so much Andrew for offering this course online.
This has been a really great introduction into implementing AI in a company/organisation, and the instructor, Andrew, has been very warm and clear in his lectures. I loved how the course was a blend of some technical knowledge on AI as well as the role of AI in a company and society at large.
Great delivered, contains all the most important stuff to help AI Transformation in your Company.Andrew Ng is excellent at explaining complex topic into simple, easy to understand ideas.Everyone should take this course small step for a big picture. Andrew Ng is awesome when explaining things.
amazingly explained each and every single thing ... i was new to this AI Field i did not even know about what AI is and does it do but this course clear all the concepts and now i know i want to with AI ...Thank you coursera and specially ANDREW NG sir i will always be very grateful to you <3
I learned a lot in this course and  thank you very much for making this useful knowledge available to the common people through coursera . the instructor is very humble and has deep understanding of the subject .he explains in such a a way that 10 year old kid can understand it .thankyou sir
This course gives a high level view into the workings of AI systems and AI Industry. Professor Andrew uses great examples to explain the workings of AI systems be it Smart Speakers or self driving cars. I have got more clarity about the term AI after completing this course. Thanks! Professor
How beautifully the course is structured, I have no words to explain it! Andrew Ng sir I can definitely regard you as one of the best teacher I ever had. Awesome course for someone who thinks that AI is for hi fy engineers only and they cannot do it. You can learn about it from scratch here.
Great course for AI newbies. The instructor did an excellent job of simplifying a subject typically considered complex. Though it was just an overview, I understand the concept of AI much better and can speak intelligently on it. I am also really glad that the robots will not soon take over!
Very good overview of AI for a generic understanding. It helps me to understand how to think about applying AI better in my current job as well as identifying ans assessing adjacent areas. I can now explain others easier in a lot better way. Thank you for making such simplistic explanations.
Superb, the course is really helpful for understanding of AI COMPANY vision, mission and structure. This will really helpful for starting my own company with right directions. Further I would rather say its not simply a course but complete guidance or consultancy for building an AI company.
I found this course to be informative, current and at a level from which I believe I can grow further by learning more about the aspects presented in this course. Andrew's presentation of the material and the examples he uses also makes it conducive to relate to and understand the concepts.
Andrew Ng delivers the AI for everyone in the simple yet spectacular way. I was always interested in AI bur have no idea where to begin. This course allowed me to understand the AI and rectified many of my misconceptions. I am definitely telling my friends and colleagues about this course.
Thanks a lot, Ng for sharing your knowledge with us. It was a great learning course. I don't have the knowledge of tools and technologies to work on AI but at least I have a clear picture of what actually I can do and what actually I should do for I want to do.Best Regards,Daniyal Ali Butt
It's the best course to learn about the Artificial Intelligence in detail. It helps me in understanding the concepts of Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Neural Networks. I highly recommend the people take this course and take a step forward into the world of AI.
it was a great pleasure to participate in this course. I have gained very interested views on this topic, it was easy to follow. The only thing I would recommend as feedback si the download area. The slides were not available for download and the text was totally unstructured. best barbara
It is very basic and has a generic overview of Artificial Intelligence. Good for the people who want to start from no/minimal knowledge of Artificial Intelligence. If at all you know the good and bad deeds of AI, has some idea about how these work, you could go for more advanced coursers.
Andrew Ng, He is very good at what he is, And he remarkably explained what AI can do, can't do, How to implement AI too your own company or startup , How it will effect the society and jobs in future.I really enjoyed and learned a lot from this course. Thank You sir for making this course
This course has given me a better understanding of AI and have taught me skills that I can apply to improve my current work operations. Andrew's deeper understanding of the subject with practical examples has given me great interest in further pursuing and taking additional courses in AI.
Andrew is one of the best teacher I have seen in my entire course of continuous learning since I started learning from my childhood days.  Wish him a very long life so that he can continue to bring such learning videos in affordable manner to the audience of developing nations like ours.
Great course to get into AI! I was impressed of all the knowledge delivered in a well designed structure, always a pleasure learning new cool interesting stuff from Andrew, what a great teacher. Very thankful of all the useful lessons in this course. Definitely recommended FOR EVERYONE!
A very insightful, detailed, smart and thorough course by Andrew. Thank you so much for making Ai understandable and how best to make good use of it. Surely, your simple and easy steps will help make the world a better place. Ai is the new electricity and also the new DNA for humanity.
I got a comprehensive overview of what AI is and the meanings of various concepts being talked about in this context. Excellent course for one to start on a solid ground.  Wonderful and very insightful course. Cleared a lot of doubts and misconceptions.    Five stars! Thank you Andrew.
Through this course, we get to learn a lot about the basic information of Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) and its impact on the economy at present time and also in the future.This course surely played a part in helping me build my career in AI based field.Thank you very much Andrew Ng!!
With this course, I learn about what AI can and can not do. I also learn about the steps to start an AI project. I also learn about the scale of AI, machine learning, neural network, deep learning, and data science. It is a great lesson for the people who want to know about what AI is.
Very clear learning. Andrew is so good at teaching, it's a pleasure to listen to him.EVERYONE can follow this course that brings the trainee to a good level of understanding. Not too technical but a well adapted view of what can be done and what one should not expect from AI.Brilliant.
A perfect crash-course that demystifies Artificial Intelligence and breaks it down to different areas in a non-technical way that suits any background, indispensable for business leaders and entrepreneurs and beneficial to students who want to determine their career path in technology.
A good overview of AI. The course starts off by making a useful distinction between Narrow and General AI. It provides some good and illuminating examples of AI techniques. And it covers some pitfalls to avoid, and limitations of AI. The author/presenter puts his material across well.
This course really helped me in getting to understand the very basic idea of Artificial intelligence. Now I know about the things that AI can do and also the limitations of AI. I am looking forward into getting more technical knowledge about AI. Thank you Andrew NG and Coursera Team!!
for anyone who wishes to get an overview of ai, how to start ai for yourself and for your company and to know about ethics in ai this is the go-to course. I highly recommend this course for people in managerial level positions.  no need to say about Andrew. he is awesome at teaching.
This class has great content! During the class, I've learned concepts within AI and the process to start an AI project in my own company. It helped me build a framework to understand this technology, and keep further learning AI. Thank you Andrew Ng for putting this course together.
A very intuitive course in which Dr Ng very dicretely but precisely guides the listeners through complex concepts and ideas surrounding the AI world. Indeed after one is done through this course its understanding of the AI will be more then the CEO of the next big company thank you!
An excellent course. Pitched intelligently, with plenty of insight and detail. Week 4 was perhaps a little lacking in impact compared to the first three weeks but Andrew Ng is clear and straightforward about what could easily be a very technical discipline. I thoroughly enjoyed it.
One of the best courses on coursera!! Andrew is the best! The way he explains the concepts could be understood by technical as well as non-technical people in the industry. I highly recommend this course to anybody who wishes to learn the basics of AI :) Worth the time and money :)
Excellent course! Prof. Andrew Ng has opened to us the topics of Machine Learning and Deep Learning through his unique pedagogical way. Now he addresses probably the most important lesson in applied AI, a lesson that no one has taught before in such a structured and accessible way.
This was a great introduction to AI. It is very well structures, with a mix of key concepts, examples of how AI is currently being used, how to build your AI team and ethical considerations. It is a great introductory course for CEOs or for anyone who wants to learn more about AI.
This course is a 'must-do' for those who want to delve into the world of machine learning, AI, and also data science. Andrew is a great teacher and his passion for the subject smoothly pours into the audience. I am very much grateful to all who played a part in making this course.
This course is recommended for those who think AI is going to kill the jobs of many skilled worker, you will get great understanding in this course what AI can do or can't do. Highly recommended for those who are interested in AI. I learned many amazing thing which suffice for me.
A very nice course about the basics of AI, if anybody wants to learn AI, he/she should consider taking this course, if the basics discussed in this course are clearly understood, then go for advance courses. Very nice explaining by Sir Andrew NG. Thank you sir,  Thank you COURSERA
How do you take a complex topic like AI and deliver a course with great fluidity and simplicity? Demystifies AI/ML/DL, provides great examples and helps you start thinking of an AI program. Highly recommend this for anyone wanting to get a high level overview of AI. Thanks Dr. Ng.
The perfect introductory course that gives an overall idea for anyone who is willing to start their career in AI or at least get an idea about AI. This course gives an overall view about AI, Machine Learning and Data Science rather than getting into the technical details of them.
Its a very nice course that takes us into the non technical yet very very crucial aspect of Artificial Intelligence.As always Andrew has been spot-on and absolutely fantastic with the lectures and the way he explains things and gives a framework to almost everyone to excel in AI.
"Start with the Why?" as told by Simon Sinek. Before venturing into learning or just using AI in your life or company, it's important first to understand why you want to learn this or how it will make a significant impact in your company. Professor Andrew helps you do just that!
I heard a lot about AI and never thought that I can also understand the basic of the AI. AI for Everyone is surely a good for even a non-technical person. I learned a lot, the faculty has very vast experience and good amount of practical knowledge of this vast area of AI. Thanks
It is really good course and SIr Andrew has great knowledge of this and he has set this course like even a lay man can build his understanding of this course, no prior learning learning would be required for a new person to dive in this.I would recommend this course to everyone!
It is very interesting course and very useful for those who don't have basis of AI. It make us to learn various concepts which are used in Artificial Intelligence. Moreover it gives ideas to transform your existing company into an AI based company and new roles in your AI Team.
Good Starting point for anyone to understand the basics of Machine Learning and clearly articulating on what to expect from AI and what not expect. Recommended course for all Product managers and Solution Managers and other  non-technical persons to understand the basics on AI.
Very informative course for new learners. This course gives broad view of AI use in today's world, it's  future scope, idea how to use/start and other related things with good examples, so easy for us to visualize the  things. Thanks to coursera for providing this course to us.
Its a very good course where you can learn that you cant understand through only books.I am thanking most Andrew Ng sir for providing amazing lectures. and also for the whole team for working hard preparing learning material like this for helping us. Thanks a lot . muuuuuahhhhh
Good course for a beginner to understand the concept of AI, how it works and what are it's limitation and expertise.Video also taught the impact of AI on economy, society, company and on individual lives as well.Overall good content with lots of examples and easy to understand.
A recommended course who really wants to know what is AI and the buzz words that revolve around it. Andrew Ng has yet again provided such beautiful coursework. Loved everything about the course from what AI is and how to build AI projects in a company and its impact on society.
Being from a completely different stream of engineering I was initially doubtful about how much will I understand. But to my surprise it just kept on making me understand and enjoy the content and now I am so much interested to know Data science and machine learning in detail.
Great course in giving a broad overview and understanding of various aspects of AI. It not only teaches how you can go about applying AI in your respective company but also provides a guide on the best approach to move ahead with your own personal dream of being an AI expert.
I love and enjoyed through out learning this course.Andrew Ng Sir is an inspirational and the way he he teaches is outstanding and i would like to take another courses what the sir told and finally I lived this course.I love you Coursera for giving the great courses for us...
Great Intro to AI for no-tech folks. I work in HR and found this particularly helpful to understand differences between roles, focus and objectives for different players involved. Will def keep exploring more and start thinking about the adoption of it in my field. Thank you!
It's a very comprehensive course for the ones who want to know the basics of Artificial Intelligence. All the related terminologies & guidance is provided by the Author whether you are CEO, Manager, Data Scientist or Machine Learning engineer. It has something for each level.
first of all, thankyou so much for enrolliing me in this course, i came with financial aid and i learned everything very passionly, thankyou for giving me the opportunity, i am honoured and this course will give me huge boost in making my resume extra ordinary, thanks again.
A great introduction course to AI. Simple and easy to follow - demystifies AI. Highly recommend for anyone looking at opportunities for AI in their business but also for anyone who has a general interest in the area. Do yourself a favour and don't just let AI be a buzz word.
Good short course for everyone in understanding what AI can do and cannot do, selecting first AI project, and how to work with AI teams, moreover, what AI can do ethnics and society, after all, AI's growth will impact industrial verticals and jobs that people are living for.
I thought the professor was extremely knowledgeable and his presentation was right at my level of learning. I had been fascinated with the idea of AI but ignorant of impact and pros and cons. This course was very enlightening and can only say congratulations to professor Ng.
This is really a great course for those beginners willing to understand about AI/ Machine Learning. Course is delivered in very simple English language along with very pertinent and relevant examples. Length of the course is also adequate. Overall highly recommended course.
I really wanna thank the Coursera's team for this great website and courses, and actually thank professor Andrew Ng for sharing his valuable information with us. I learned many things about AI in society and comapnies. And he motivated me to continue learning in this field.
Thank you for those classes and spending so much time to teach us so far away from where your are.  I think people should start seeing you as a father of AI.  From now on I will give my most of time to teach my self to start on a project to be more beneficial to this world.
Great intro course to give you a high-level understanding of AI, ML, Deep Learning and some practical applications for AI. Also very helpful framework for building out AI projects, and giving you an idea of how to get started from the perspective of creating business value.
I really enjoyed this course, it gave me a good perspective over different types of AI systems that exist, and what different usages there are for these systems. It sparked my curiosity even further and it helps me at work to push forward for using AI in different projects.
Fantastic course.. As a person who has done several courses on ML, I think this course is really good place to start learning about AI. A lot of time people get stuck with all the Math or Stats or Code, however with this course, anyone can develop basic understanding of AI.
From the perspective of a ML / AI engineer looking for ways to better communicate with non-technical folks about how to approach AI; this course was well-organized and rich enough to help bridge a lot of the gap between the technology and the high-level strategic thinking.
It is a very useful for me, someone who hasn't a technical background but is interested in applying my business domain knowledge to AI in order to create something valuable for my business. Andrew's teaching is useful and funny plus full of wisdom. Highly recommend to all!
I got to learn the basic concepts & overall state of the AI technology we have now. The instructor was really friendly to learn from. Thanks to this course I am now more motivated to pursue a career on AI and I'll take some more courses on Machine Learning & Deep Learning
This course is a very good conceptual and practical overview of AI. Surely not enough to be really educated in this area (I dont think you can get that anyway in one course) but it certainly opens the possibilities and makes AI a less scary topic to start learning about.
Definitely recommend this course. I learned a lot of valuable information in this course which I had no idea before! Before this course I did the deep learning specialization! So definitely recommended if you already have some machine learning and deep learning knowledge!
Easy to digest course materials and excellent delivery by the course lecturer. I will recommend any beginners who seek to understand more about the definition of AI, what AI is capable of and the possible applications, to give this course a go. You won't be disappointed!
I took this course only for Mr.Andrew Ng and I enjoyed the course a lot,The contents of the course were quite easy to understand even for a non-technical person.The way of explaining the contents was excellent, and I am excited to learn many courses from deeplearning.ai.
I am thankful to Andrew Ng who makes this course, He explains AI in Deep detail and gives very much Knowledge about what is AI. before this course didn't know what is AI, But after this course, I Can Surly Explain the AI the topic I have to learn from MY (GURU) Andrew ng
This course gives a complete overview of AI for modern professionals. I liked that it covered concepts such as supervised vs. unsupervised learning, machine learning, deep learning, knowledge graphs, etc. It also covers the wider societal aspects of the deployment of AI.
This course is a great way to start your journey in AI. The instructor is a genius in his field and his teaching techniques are awesome. With a lot of practical examples really help me to understand AI better. I do recommend this course to everyone who want to learn AI.
The best course to know what actually is AI. Mr. Andrew explained terms associated with AI like Machine Learning and Data Science. This course is specially designed for people working in an organization or high-level employees even that this course is best for everyone.
This is a well-planned and well-delivered course by Andrew. It provides a very realistic interpretation of the current AI technology. This course is equally suited for engineers as well as executives by being not too technical. I would recommend this course to everyone.
Great gateway to understanding AI. The instructor is pretty good at explaining things without getting to tied up in the jargon. The lessons are very easy to follow and makes it interesting to want to learn more. Disclaimer - we're still far from killer robots though :(
First of all, thanks for this informative course. Even without having a proper understanding towards AI, I was able to catch its pace from the scratch and significantly learned a great amount of facts and notes regarding  AI and its impacts towards day to day business.
This course teaches various basic know how of an AI. in one glance entire AI system and its implementation is explained very well.  Also we will learn its implementation strategies and limitations.  Therefore a must course for somebody looking to enter into this arena.
Great course. It not only provides clarity and understanding of the AI Landscape but gives an outsider (new to AI) the confidence to meaningfully engage in any business conversation regarding AI. highly recommend to anyone who wants to familiarize with the AI ecosystem
clear, simple explanation of various dimensions of AI, with a realistic view of the implementation path for the individual as well as the organization.a must step to everyone interested in AI knowledge in a non too deep technical level . comprehensive and well thought.
The content is well structured  and delivered. Easy to follow the lesson and examples. Andrew has made this course truly AI for Everyone, with examples anyone can appreciate and relate to. The least technical part of the lesson on Ethics is probably the most important.
It was a very useful online course. It helped us to know what is AI, importance and draw backs of AI. It helped us to gain knowledge regarding the applicantions of AI, and also we gained knowledge regarding where actually should we use AI. Thankyou sir for the course.
By completing this course I got an idea on my career. Also by this completion of such course I am having a confidence that I can be helpfull to my socity by implementing AI. Also it gave me so much of interest on on-line courses                       Thanq to coursera
I really enjoyed this course and I would highly recommend it. It is a great opportunity for people without background in AI to understand basic principles and navigate better in this field. Andrew is a great tutor and explains everything is a very approachable manner.
in aerospace system engineering help us to acquire a big view of problem and manage interfaces between subsystems  in  product life cycle. this course from my point of view is a system engineering for AI project. thanks a lot for share your great knowledge  professor.
"AIforEveryone" is a relatively short course, but a good overview of the state of the industry today. I've been working in a "big data" company for yours, so this course was a great way to check my knowledge and to structure my thinking. I do recommend it to Everyone!
As a non-science & non-technical person, I've been able to build a good in-depth understanding of AI and AI systems, and how to logically approach AI projects and implementation. This is truly a remarkably useful course, and helpful for everyone in this dynamic world!
Learnt a lot about AI, how it works & how I can implement it in my company and also about AI & Society. But most of all, I really loved how Mr Andrew Ng teaches the course with an ever smiling face :) . Thanks a lot Andrew for a course with a well thought out content!
This course offers just a basic overview of AI. But that is what is stated in the course and it explains basic AI terms and concepts simply and adequately. It is also pretty short and concise. All things considered, it delivers on its premise that it is for everyone.
By far the best introduction to AI course I've ever watched. Comprehensive, entertaining and educational. Great job Andrew! I'm going to forward this to all my FB friends and get in touch with my high school to recommend that they ask all students to view. Thank you!
AI for Everyone is a well starting point to get into the field of AI.Professor Andrew makes it easy to understand. Each topic is carefully chosen, making the course engaging as well. Perfect for those who have not a single idea of what AI is. I truly recommended it.
Very helpful course. It's absolutely for a beginner who wants to know about AI. It's a very fundamental course. I thank the instructor Andrew Ng for his coll and pleasant explanation about the tough and complex subject AI. THANKS, A LOT COURSERA, AND SIR ANDREW  Ng.
A great course on AI to look at it from a non-technical perspective. It will certainly be a great start for not only engineers but also people in a company involved in non-technical jobs to get a comprehensive look at AI and its capacity to transform their industry.
An excellent course to develop a basic understanding of artificial intelligence for anyone interested in learning AI. The instructor, Andrew Ng (also the co-founder of Coursera) explains all concepts in a very lucid manner at the right pace with plenty of examples.
This course is very helpful to me and off course also helpful to you, this course is a need of every computer student to get general overview of what is artificial intelligence. I recommend this course to everyoneSpecial Thanks to the Instructor and deeplearning.ai
Excellent for anyone who wants to get started in AI. My heartfelt gratitude to Andrew for being such a knowledgeable and wonderful instructor. He made even the complex of topics easy to understand. Will definitely look forward to taking more of his courses. Thanks!
Absolutely loved the course. I feel more confident about understanding AI and ML and this gives me a positive energy to start my own AI projects. I express my sincere thanks to Coursera and to Andrew Ng, deeplearning.ai for making this wonderful course.-Ritvi Shree
This is a great course for understanding Artificial Intelligence basics and an overview of that, I think if you like to start knowing about AI you Must give it a try, since the teacher is a great teacher and explain everything very well.I thank Coursera and Mr. Ng
Role of AI in industry should be most effective if industry and AI engineer think such project from ethical huminity point of view.. So i admire Andrew sir for giving right dimension to AI engineer through this course!I feel greatfull to join thus course.. Thanks!
An well curated course for starters in the domain of AI. A definite must for non-techies, curious about AI. Andew Ng describes the basics in a very subtle manner, provides a review on common terminologies and the prospects of AI into the near and long term future.
This course is great for individuals that want to get a basic idea of what AI (Artificial Intelligence) is, as well as what it isn't. Straightforward and non-technical, all terms are clearly defined and Andrew is a great teacher. Would highly recommend to anyone!
One of the ultimate courses on AI. Prof.Andrew Ng provides lot of insights and valuable guidelines for any one who is planning to start an AI team or company. He has provided business pointers and as well as technical need for organization to be successful in AI.
The best course anyone can do for knowing what AI is "really" about. The instructor is so good at explaining things in a more realistic perspective. This course provides a broad view of AI in such a sort period of time. Thanks Andrew Ng! (and coursera of-course)
Excellent course that I have done so far in the Coursera. AI course was very useful and informative. The tutors took classes in the video very well and the explanation was wonderful. I keep on doing many courses in Coursera as well as related to AI. Thanks a lot
A great beginners course. As a non technical person, Andrew teaching and explanations is eloquent and simple to understand and take away the key points.  I'm looking forward to trying a few other of his courses and explore how I can incorporate AI in my XD role.
Course delivers what it sets out to deliver. Andrew is well-paced in his speaking. The course repeats many of the central concepts, which enables for deeper memorizing. Very happy learner - and taken my first steps to understanding the benefits and limits of AI!
This is a great course and kept me going until the end. The most interest thing was Andrew's ability to explain complex terms in the most simplistic way.  I highly recommend this course to anyone who is planning to get the basics clear about AI as a technology.
This is a great, quick overview of AI that focuses on how to approach AI in your business.  It's all lecture (no homework assignments), about four hours cut into 5 to 15 minute bites.  I highly recommend it for  management to programmers to everyone in between.
Excellent course design and professor is too cool and calm in explaining such a enthusiastic subject. Great!!. Only thing I want in free in my certificate, Is it possible to provide some kind of certificate ;May be viewing certificate or competion certificate.
Andrew has done a fantastic job in curating a course that introduces Artificial Intelligence and its many applications in the most simplistic manner. This is an excellent foundational course for anyone looking to start their journey in understanding AI better.
Well crafted course for anyone willing to understand the concept, modalities of AI. Andrew with his vast experience & expertise has done 100% justice to building & delivering this topic to the world on a 4 week curriculum . Thanks Andrew ! Will keep learning !
This course sets you on the right path to learn more. I think this is the course one should take, if one is planning to lead AI based activity or want to go technical in AI. This is the right stepping stone course. Great examples and very simple to comprehend.
In the "AI For Everyone" course, Andrew has
clearly explained on how to spot opportunities to apply AI in Organization.
Ethical principles surrounding AI are very well explained by the Instructor.This
is another great course from Andrew after Machine Learning.
This was a good introduction to AI if you are not interested in the technical side but more on its uses nowadays and where and how you can use it in your business or so  (for programmers though this is probably not the introduction course you are looking for)
The course is comprehensive with the target audience ranges from  Machine Learning or AI practitioner to the CEO's of the companies. Being a researcher, I am highly benefited in order to get a comprehensive overview of the technology, including its flip side.
This course is a great start for those who want to understanding AI with very minimal technical jargon. For this reason it is fantastic for those who want to start from the very beginning before moving towards the more complex topics or more granular subjects
I deeply appreciate the efforts that Andrew is taking to make AI available for everyone. The content of the course is tailored made for everyone in the company to have a better visual on approaches to AI. The effectiveness of the course is in it's simplicity.
Great Work Andrew Ng sir, Your way of explaining the concepts, ideas, and examples were awesome and shows more interest in taking still more courses with this positive outcome also had an excellent experience throughout the course.Thanks for all your support
This was perfectly designed and delivered to help those that have very little or some elementary knowledge about AI. Highly recommended to all those that are interested in being part of the AI revolution that is I am sure going to be the future of our lives.
The instructor gears his explanations well towards the target audience of the course:  everyone!  I was already familiar with most of the concepts covered, but I appreciated the clear explanations that I believe will appeal to non-technical learners.  Kudos!
Dr Andrew Ng explains everything in a way that everyone can understand. The course is all theoretical but there is a bunch of examples that makes understanding easy. I really enjoyed this course and I was able to learn the fundamental subjects thanks to it.
Artificial Intelligence is a vast topic to learn but after completion of this course I have got basics of AI. This will be very much helpful for the further learning of this Artificial Intelligence. As usually, Andrew sir has explained the course amazingly.
This course is excellent and recommended for all. The quizzes help keep one motivated and going.The professor has taught the basics of AI, how its different from Data Science, ML, AI projects and their selection in a simple way using analogies and examples.
A Great Introduction into AI & Machine Learning. I like how Andrew simplified things and avoid so many academical issues by giving good examples and solution for implementation directly. Thank you Andrew, Deeplearning.ai & Coursera for the great course.Aziz
A great wee course that gives an all round framework for how to approach AI in medium and large organisations. I found it really down to earth and accessible and would highly recommend anyone exploring AI or already working in the field to take this course.
Excellent course for anyone who wants to understand ai and how it is being applied across many industries. Five star for ANDREW NG and COURSERA. It's a fantastic course by Andrew. Everyone should take it to understand how AI can impact any software system.
This is the type of course that you can take even if you are not related directly to computer science engineering. You will learn AI basics, knowledge of projects, the framework to apply AI in your workplace, and finally how AI will lead impact on society.
This course will be very helpful to those people who are indecision whether to learn or not AI. Andrew ng nicely describes what AI is, What are the challenges of AI, What can be done and what can't be. Differences among AI, ML, and DS attract me very much.
The best course and the best instructor. Sir Andrew explain everything in a way that made us understand what is the worth of AI in today's world and in the near future. The way he explain things made me more interested towards opting this field as a major.
The course is a good way to anyone to understand the basics of AI before deep diving into specific subtopics. Professor Andrew Ng explains everything in an easy to understand manner and differentiates the hype from the truth in a simple yet impressive way.
The course is informational specifically from non technical standpoint. Andrew is able to make his point on what and how an organization should proceed on AI. Also What AI can do and can't do which is a big misconception people have. Overall nice insights.
This course is good enough to understand the concepts of Artificial Intelligence which can be consumed by everyone without prior knowledge of this area. It will be good if there are more exercises covering this concepts which can be appreciated by learners
Completed the course within a week and highly recommend it to anyone who is interested in AI in general. The overall course material is non-technical and really easy to follow. I even encourage people whose mother tongue is not English, to take the course.
Every aspect of this course and Andrew's delivery is remarkable. I thoroughly enjoyed this course. The best thing I learnt is the difference between Narrow vs General Intelligence and the transformation playbooks. Course amazingly laid and well delivered.
The course gives a complete overview of what AI is about, and without going deep into the technical details, it gives everyone a chance to understand it in layman's terms. This is a great course to everyone who wants to test the waters in the world of AI.
This course just awesome.you get everything basics about artificial intelligence. It covers all in easy way and it definitely increase confidence  in learning all the concepts behind artificial intelligence. It gives ideas to keep learning more and more.
Andrew Ng is undoubtedly one of the best teachers that I have ever seen. Simply the best possible online course to get introduced with AI and its impact. Every student from technical and especially non-technical background can try this course. Best luck.
Super basic course for a newbie regarding creating awareness and the applications and possibilities of AI. Also a basic fundamental knowledge on how can one apply AI in their company. Good for those who literally don't know about AI and its applications.
The teacher have a great knowledge about his field... and i learned alot from him... Industrial examples are so good that help me out what really AI is... I hope i can make a better furture for my nation and make new things awsome.. Thankyou Again sir. !
Good pace, very lucid ways to explain technical stuff. The presenter Andrew Ng has made the course very interesting for people with no technical backgrounds or AI knowledge like me. I recommend this course. The quizzes are also very well designed. Thanks
This course is quite complete in its purpose. We have access to terminology of AI and DS and ML.I was able to improve my knowledge in this area, and its applicability in the business market and in society.I hope to be able to apply AI in my organization.
This was a good conceptual introduction to what it means to work in AI, with AI, and to introduce AI in an organisation. No equations, code, matrix algebra, only the key aspects of what AI means and could do for you. A good starting point for any level.
Amazing explanation of what is AI, Building Ai in you company, Limitations of AI, Impact on economy etc. The Instructor is very good and is practically experienced with AI technology. This course is for everyone who wants a non-technical overview of AI.
Great course to boost a common man's general knowledge of this centuries one of the biggest gains. AI is the new computer science and it will transform the world. Mr Ng is at the forefront of this revolution and the best person to provide such a course.
Andrew is phenomenal! He is blessed with this unique ability of turning complex into simple, and explaining it as simply as possible. The content of the course if just about right too. A good introductory course into the world of AI. Highly recommended.
This course is very useful and help me to understand more the scope of AI. Recently AI is important to every society. To learn this course is value added for everyone. Lastly thank you to Andrew NG for sharing this efficiency course. Thank you so much.
Professor Andrew gives a very clear picture of where AI stands today at the industry level and how AI can help in progress of the industries at large and there by humankind. I am very delighted that I took up this course. Kudos to entire Coursera team!
I'm writing this feedback after learned so much from AI for everyone instructed by Andrew Ng. I must this is an incredible course for the person who likely to do something regarding automation by understanding the current ethics, norms and do's of AI.
AI for Everyone has clearly explained the basics of Artificial Intelligence in a simple way which I found great value in. It has taught me technical terms which I have previously thought difficult. Kudos to Sir Andrew Ng for this teaching this course!
It was my first ever online course and probably the best ever course to kick start online learning. Immensely glad to successfully complete it. Hopefully, there are many more to come now. To everyone who is reading this review: "Lets Keep Learning :)"
Great introduction to AI with just the right amount detail for relative newbees not to be overwhelmed but definitely enough to provide a good foundation for next steps. Also, great for determining whether you want to/its is dive deeper in to the topic
Amazing course it helps me a lot to correct the confusion in my mind of many data science, machine learning , deep learning , concepts and a lot and a lot more really thank you Andrew Ng and your team and keep building us amazing courses like this one
one of the most fruitful courses i have ever take. Andrew has an incredible way of making everything looks easy and understandable Although i am not an expert, this course was a piece of cake. It should be in the curriculum of all universities Thanks
Its an amazing course that gave me many more knowledge i wanted to know about AI.The skill that i have gain from the course is workflow with machine learning,AI terminology,AI strategy,  workflow with data science projects.and also got s certificate.
I highly recommend this course to everyone who wish to give a start in the field of AI. A special thank to the course instructor Andrew sir. He explained all the concept in best possible way using relevant examples. Thank you sir, thank you coursera.
AI course is very helpful for any type of execution of pilot projects, Business Valuable , Company Growth, Cost effective and delivered to error less product.I will apply AI knowledge in future project and suggest to my friends regarding this course.
This course is absolutely great! It builds the basis for launching your own AI project and Andrew Ng explains topics in entertaining, clear, informative way. I also really appreciate the effort with the different robot related pictures for each week.
This course gave a very good grounding  to me a non technical person.  It immediately created the mind maps/concepts of the potential use of AI in my workplace and in our current processes.   It will also give me more confidence in discussions on AI.
A good introductory course on AI. It worked well for me because I do not have a background in computer science. Thus, the course gave me an general overview of AI and some use cases. More importantly, it helped me to take on more challenging courses.
Great course for getting a better basic understanding of the possibilities of AI. The videos are bitesized and the quizes are fast to go through. Would definitely recommend this course to anyone who's willing to learn about AI in a non-technical way.
This is a fantastic course for anyone who is a beginner to this field or is in analytics and looking to start learning AI/Deep learning/ML. Professor Andrew is amazing and explains the concepts really well. I surely recommend this course to everyone!
Highly recommended for anybody who wish to explore AI or curious about it. Easy-to-understand explanations in very decent English, while some parts can be a bit technical. Overall, a good & worthy course to attend & complete. Thank you Mr Andrew Ng.
I'm a mechanical engineer by profession and want to diversify my skills in computing, so i opt for the AI, due to its ample amount of applications in every field. And learning a new course with the instructor like Andrew Ng is very fun and exciting.
This is a very good course for anyone who is ready to pursue his career in AI. I recommend this course to all learners who are interested in artificial intelligence , the new electricity. A big thanks to the instructor Andrew for the amazing videos.
This is the best online learning course I ever have. Especially "Take a Note" function let you won't miss any critical point that we always have a chance go back and reflash knowledge course provide. I really appreciate have this chance to learn AI.
AI for everyone gives you a conceptual understanding of the field of AI and its applications. I feel empowered to pursue AI in future. The structure recommended to adopt AI in organizations will stay with me for a long time. It declutters your mind.
This course is very informative and explained clearly with examples. Great lecture by Andrew Ng Sir. It should have been offered absolutely free of cost including the certificate track given Andrew Ng's reputation and thus the demand for the course.
As the name suggests, this course is for everyone. Anyone can understand the content easily. It is a well tailored course that gives us the overview of AI. It is a must for everyone to take up this course. Totally worth it. Hey Andrew, thanks a lot.
Very interesting and easy to understand. Made it really simple for a layman to understand the basics of AI. I would highly recommend this course to everyone who is interested in learning about AI. Thanks Andrew and Coursera for putting together this
It is a very helpful course to understand the basics of AI, I would totally recommend it to start from scratch if someone is interested about AI. It totally help me clarify a lot of things about AI, and I'm looking forward to learn more about AI. =)
This was an excellent course with easy-to-understand concepts presented by Andrew Ng. Courses were broken into short videos making it easy to consume the videos in my spare time. Highly recommend this as a starting point for anyone interested in AI.
Andrew NG is the best teacher possible to lead you to understand what is and what is not AI, ML and Data Science for starting your journey through your changes leveraging AI. Very useful to any person, this should be a must-attend course to everyone
Great course if you are wondering where to start from in your AI journey... and what's better than learning it from one of the greatest pioneers in this area - Thanks Andrew Ng for the down to earth explanation of what it takes to get started in AI.
I would highly recommend it to everyone out there to know about AI and the hype created around it. In this course you will be able to gain insights in the terms that are widely used now a days and somone who would want to learn about AI in general.
This course should be mandatory for every person specially the kids of this generation, because they should know in their early age that what you could be facing in their future, so that they have a right path in their early stage and progress fast
As someone relatively new to AI, this was a really good intro course to familiarise myself with the various concepts. Really appreciate Prof. Andrew Ng's simple and concise explanations with useful illustrations which made for easier understanding.
I've learnt a lot on the basic of artificial intelligence and the systematic use of AI in many fields which are the backbones of the subject. This has motivated me to learn more about the concepts of AI such as deep learning and machine learning .
As always. The classic Andrew Ng style. Full of details, lots of examples to iron out lots of introductory inquiries on AI. Recommended for anyone, even if you haven't come from a science background & just watched & understood the Matrix films!!!!
This is a wonderful introductory course for an AI novice!I just wish the quizzes were available for free like the other Coursera courses. But I honestly cant complain. Im very grateful for Coursera that makes lifelong learning accessible to all.
This course is really helpful in understanding the basic as well as ambiguous concepts of AI. It can change your thoughts about what you already know about AI. It is really for everyone. I am gonna apply it in agriculture in near future. Thank you
A brilliant compilation of basic concepts for anyone to learn about AI, which is taking up all the industry. In the current situation of COVID-19 pandemic, I hope this AI would certainly bring impact in bringing back the life of humans to normal.
A must for everyone who would want to start there journey in AI.  Good thing is plenty of examples to help understand the concepts easily. A very rewarding experience . thoroughly enjoyed watching all the video's and completing the simple quiz'es
A very good course and has provided me a lot of insightful knowledge and I would also want I thank Andrew Neg for approval of funding and would dedicate my success in this course to him as I found him a super instructors and a true revolutionary.
It was an incredible course and I got to learn alot from it. This course is really for everyone and I would  recommend it to  everyone. I'm really thankful to coursera & AndrewNg for providing a great platform for learning and such great courses.
This is by far the most interesting course I have come across. It gives a very detailed overview of what AI is and how it works. It is not only designed for engineers but for anyone and everyone who is interested or curious to know how AI works.
I am new to this field, basically, anything related to AI but this course has done a great job in familiarizing with basic concepts and putting insights on what AI can and cannot do. I'd highly recommend this course  to everyone. Happy Learning!
Wow....is all i need to say!Andrew is an exceptional teacher, presenter, and genuine.  The content, flow, quizzes, and examples are perfect for my learning on this very complicated topic.  I've learned so much from this amazing class, thank you!
I know what my job is in charge of as a digital project manager. And I know how to communicate with technical people. Finally, I deeply understand what I want to do next plan. Thanks for the wonderful e-learning with Andrew Professional Teacher.
This course is packed in such a way that it helps even a novice reader on AI is able to understand the terminologies and gain basic understanding in this area. Great one and highly recommendable for everyone at various levels in an organization.
A very inspiring course for beginners to understand the general concept of what AI is and what it encompasses, and how it can be utilised to transform industries. Andrew's teaching method is by far the best I have came across on online courses.
This course is a must for people who are willing to get into the field of AI. It gives a quick overview of all the fields of AI and their relation with one another.  Completing this course helped me set my gameplan for the future in this field.
I'm really thankful to Professor Andrea Ng who explained this course on Artificial Intelligence in a very simplified and easy manner. Truly, for amateurs like me, this course has been very beneficial to know about this growing technology of AI.
The platform offers and covers all the basics that an individual must know about the AI.Each and every concept in the syllabus has been explained in very easy and lucid manner.The course name is very apt'AI For Everyone'.Kudos to the learning:D
AI for Everyone is a clear and useful high level overview of how AI works, AI from a business/managerial perspective, and AI with respect to societal and public policy issues. A great introduction to AI for both technicians and non-technicians.
Got to know a great deal of information about AI and related technology. Andrew is absolutely one of the best in field. Highly recommended for anyone who wants to get started with one of the major trends in technology. Thank you for the course!
Highly Recommended for the company perspective towards AI and the key points to be kept in mind when creating an AI project. This non technical course tells a lot about the AI perspective, business intelligence, and 'what AI can and cannot do!'
This course is a great investment for organizations, even have sessions to discuss it. Not only in Companies, but in other organizations, for example in communities looking at their environment and ways to improve the community and their assets
I have learned a lot by attending this course. It will definitely help me in deciding project ideas in my PhD studies in the Agriculture field. I am looking forward to using this knowledge at its maximum in my field of work. Thank you so much.
Very useful. Though not technical at all now I feel confident when talking to members of my team that are collaborating from a AI field towards the same goals I do. Also I cannot stop thinking of potential applications for supervised learning.
The Course is undoubtedly a great start for those who wants to understand what AI can and can not do. The course gave me inspiration to continue searching for knowledge in technology areas. Definitely a must do course for the AI enthusiastics.
This was a great learning experience for me as student of  IT this course helps me in knowledge about AI.and also clear the concept of AI and what AI can do or what can not. I will keep learning in the field of an AI.. Thank you coursera team.
This course is very informative for anyone who is eager to know what the AI excitement is all about. It touches upon almost all the aspects of AI without going into the technical/mathematical details. Great course to start the AI journey with.
Very well explained! Highly recommended for those who want to get a distinguished idea on AI, data science, machine learning and deep learning. How all of these are related to each other and a brief step by step idea of executing AI projects.
This class was an excellent overview of Artificial Intelligence, and provided objective information about the pros and cons of using AI in today's world.  Andrew is a superb teacher and kudos to Coursera for a top notch job in class creation!
A great introductory course to AI that resolves preconceived notions of killer robots and dystopian futures. The course provides insights into what AI is, and equips one with a solid understanding of the mentality required to pursue AI ideas.
Great course with very interesting content and insights to an important topic. Andrew was very good at explaining and making the content interesting and not too technical for people who know little about AI but wants to learn more. Thank you!
A much needed course at . this time for executives and leadership to understand what AI is and have proper expectations from engineers and data scientist as to what will and what will not work. Thank you Andrew Ng, once again amazing content.
Good course, explains the fundamentals in an understandable way and gives many examples so one can get an understanding of where and how technologies can be applied. Covers a lot of the basic topics a complete beginner must be familiar with.
The amount of quality insight in the field of A.I this course provides is simply amazing ... however, the course (dare I say it) felt a tad too easy and a bit of programming insight would do wonders to enhance this already exceptional course
Great beginner course. Gives a broad understanding of AI in the current times and what is about to come. Also, how do individuals and companies transform to stay ahead of the curve. Would recommend this to everyone who want to start with AI.
Very great. Andrew gave us very concise and well-delivered and communicative materials and Andrew was able to communicate this material easily for all backgrounds. Thank you for the knowledge I hope good things happen to you and your family!
This is an introductory course "What is AI, Pros, Cons". Those who want to implement AI in their Organization, this course is for them. The best thing of Andrew Ng is that he gives alot of examples to help students to understand much better.
After finishing this course I have learned a lot regarding AI and its Limitation, Benefit and how to apply it in our business.So I m really thankful to Department of Employment and Human Resources and Coursera for providing us this course.
It's an excellent course for beginners, you will learn the basic concepts of AI, The instructor is highly qualified and he is simply amazing, the quizzes will be easy, if you want to know something about the course you can learn this course
Thank you Andrew!!! ,Now i got an idea about AI .It was a wonderful and insightful course.And this course was very helpful.Quality and background is good compared to other vedios.And I thoroughly enjoyed while learning AI and with examples.
Dr.Andrew NG is an excellent teacher and is able to explain the AI concepts in very simple digestible format (traits of great teaching). I highly reccomend this course for all -especially companies where there is potential for AI inclusion.
Andrew explained the concepts extremely well and I am glad there was no technical jargon used. The case studies and examples referred were meaningful. Would recommend this course for everyone who want to understand the fundamentals. Thanks!
It was great to understood better how AI is helping and could help the future of many companies World Wide, Is quite a challenge for every industry start thinking AI, and realize the benefits it could provide to each individual and company.
I loved this course! I had no knowledge on AI prior to that and terms like 'Machine Learning' seemed very daunting to me. I gained great understanding on what these terms mean and now I feel like I have a basic understanding of what AI is.
Really great course (very dense for such a short amount of time!) Andrew's explanations and examples are clear, concise and packed with information. Had to go over some of the videos a few times, because of the detail. Really great course!
Great course to start your career in AI. Prof. Andrew Ng is a great instructor, the style of his teaching is remarkable. Further, the design of course content is commendable no doubt. Very thankful to coursera and course instructor. Thanks
Absolutely amazing course, Andrew Ng does a fantastic job at breaking down complex topics into comprehensive and simple to understand concepts. Would definitely recommend it to anyone who seeks to get a rounded view of AI in today's world.
I am so amased at the content and ease of explanation by Andrew Ng. This course has helped me in my  current project. I wish to see many more advanced course material from Coursera & Andrew Ng. Congratulation for everyone who completed it.
It was wonderful to learn from sir who has dedicated his life to learn AI, (some subtitles are not downloading)I am from India ,I can easily understand English but subtitle would be helpful.Else thank you for teaching us to guide others!!
As the course title suggests, it is for everyone. It is every person who belongs to any professional field. AI for Everyone teaches how Artificial Intelligence is impacting the world. Moreover, It discusses the common myths related to AI.
This course will show a great path how and where to implement AI. It will also taught me what is AI , how to build your own AI projects and how to implement AI in your current project or company. Thanks professor NG for this great course.
After completing this course , now I can feel confident in terms of my knowledge about Artificial Intelligence.  Thank you so much coursera team and the Instructor Mr. Andrew Ng for giving me a wonderful platform to explore more about AI.
Great way to be introuced into the AI world! At first glance artificial intelligence and machine learning seem like really complex concepts,  however Andrew has the ability to make them seem pretty simple and intuitive. Thanks for that!
It was really good explanation with all the examples of machine learning and data of AI. along with the use of deep learning along with technical and non technical field.Thank you for support of knowing the knowledge ad activities of AI.
It is a great online course to let anyone to know a bit of what AI do today and what could do for my future as human been. I appreciate the opportunity to learn about it and I will keep learning for me and my family successes. Thank you!
The best course to get started with the world of Artificial Intelligence. I highly recommend everyone irrespective of academic and professional backgrounds to take this course. It was a great privilege to take this course from Andrew NG.
I love the courses of Andrew, first I take the Machine Learning Course and that encourage me to take all courses available in deeplearning.ai. Thanks for this great content ! I will follow your advice too keep learning about this topic.
best course to start learning AI or should I say ANI and AGI! sometimes it felt like the course is only for the people working in industry, but no, it is for everyone. Thank you Andrew Ng. and Coursera for providing such great course!!!
It is a comprehensive learning experience with Sir Andrew Ng. All the essential concepts were masterfully taught. I strongly recommend this course for everyone regardless of whatever professional or educational background you belong to.
This is very fruitfull for me to understand the concept of AI & after completing this course I'm feeling happy to have some knowledge about AI & also clear about what it can do or what it can't do also the affects on the society & jobs.
An excellent first step for everyone who want to learn something about AI, but also highly recommended for practitioners in the field. Andrew Ng proved once again his ability to explain complex issues in a simple and understandable way.
The teacher is extreamly generous. I really have agreat time listening to his lecture. The course provides broad understanding of AI and other useful pros and cons about AI. It also provides steps on building an AI team in your company.
i leraned a lot of knowledge from his course because it is very important and critical art of every field especially Poultry business i m relly thanks to coursea community and UAF Pakistan to provide a great platform Regards: Wajid Ali
Thank you Andrew There is an awful lot of content to this AI course - and I learnt a huge amount. It's not tricky, but my head was spinning at times taking it all in. If you want to learn about AI this course is a great place to start.
Well articulated and delivered - Thank you Andrew!I particularly enjoyed the handwriting and drawings - it somehow felt more personal.I appreciated the changing artwork every week in the background - kept things visually interesting!!!
Concepts was very simply explained with multiple easy to understand examples. Course flow was very gripping. Overall coverage of the course very useful. Feeling rejuvenated and inspired with my new learning after completing the course.
There are no words to explain about the help which I got from this course and also other courses which I am taking from Coursera. Also about Sir Andrew Ng, he is amazing in explaining things. Lots of love to him and also Coursera team.
A course taught by the AI legend himself. The course is interesting and discusses things in the least technical way possible. I recommend this course to all the people whether they are working in this field or not to take this course.
I  got a comprehensive overview of what AI is and the meaning of various concepts being talked about in the context.Excellent course for everyone.Thank you Andrew Ng for a wonderful course and educating the world to be a better place.
I ve learned about the basics about AI . It was easy to understand the strange terms . The instructor made me feel like "Hey girl ! You can do that ! " Thanks a lot to Mr. Andrew for making me learn and understand something about AI .
Excellent introduction to AI and its applications. This course has encouraged me to continue to learn more about artificial intelligence and encourage others at my company to learn a little more about AI. Andrew is a great instructor!
A great introductory course!Andrew does a great job in simplifying this rather complex topic. I advise everyone who is remotely interested in AI to give this a shot and decide if they're interested in further pursuing their knowledge.
A really good course, it gives a deeper understanding of all the buzzwords related to AI. Meanwhile, it introduces you to the structuration of an AI project and the impacts AI can have on companies and the world. Many Thanks to Andrew
Andrew NG, is the most intelligent and perfect teacher for AI and Deep learning, his explanations, style of teaching and a friendly talking like we are sitting in his room, Really Amazing. Hope to Learn More From Sir Andrew in Future.
Great introduction to a very current topic - compact and at the same time not superficial. Easy for a non-techie to follow and the examples used are very relatable and help visualize/understand the applications/limitations. Thank you!
This is a nice course teaching and explaining AI and its use cases, limitations, terminologies from a high level, non technical perspective. Both technical and non-technical people can take this course for a doing a head start in AI.
You would find out through this course how AI is for everyone, what AI can and cannot do, how AI can help us, and how we can select AI projects that are feasible and valuable.I would definitely encourage everyone to take this course.
Simultaneously build your AI vocabulary and AI confidence in this course. Learn AI's limitations and what is possible. Learn how to mature the company's strategy. Recommended for anyone new to AI or anyone worried about the unknowns.
Andrew Ng is a great professor, he is able to explain a difficult topic so that everyone can understand it. Very interesting course that allow you to comprehend what AI is and also to understand the meaning of a technical discourse.
It a well designed course for working professional & for beginners. Lot's of thoughts & ideas are coming into my mind after completing this course. Now in every process designing i am thinking the scope of AI & discussing with team.
Thank you so much Andrew Ng for making this course. This course was amazing. I didn't know much about the AI and machine learning and its techniques and workflow of AI. Now I am able to tell someone about AI with fully confidently.
Very well explained various aspects of AI in simple and understandable terms. It can surely benefit anyone who wants to know the details of AI and begin a journey to learn AI. I would recommend the course to friends and colleagues.
Really good course, Very basic information and even if I had already a good knowledge it was a different view and extensive presentation about all possibilities. Don't expect any technical stuff everything is fully understandable !
For me this is the first online course that  have completed. It helped me chose either DS or ML  best and loving moment when sir Andrew Ng giving the why are there so many shocking results in AI, because AI is the new electricity.
Gave me a broad overview about various topics like AI, Machine Learning and its types, Deep Learning etc. With this introductory course on AI, I will be able to go forward to pursue other courses on the topic with more confidence.
This course provides a great introduction to Artificial Intelligence for non-technical individuals. If you want to know everything about AI buzzwords and how AI can be used by you and/or your company, this course is a great start.
The course was very good ,i learned a lot from this course.Thank you for this platform and thank you to the mentor who teached very nicely.thak you so much i enjoyed a lot..this course very useful for the begginers who new to AI.
one of the best coursers i have ever learned. It helped alot in learning new things through AI. It was far better than many of the paid courses in different p[latforms. Iam overhelmed by the knowledge i gained through this course
I am fully satisfied with the contents of this course.I have gained very basic and important understanding of AI which many people still confuse.Looking forward to learn ML.Thank you so much for distributing your knowledge to us.
A compact overview of What is AI, present status ans where it could be heading. A small example of how machine learning through neural network or otherwise, even if it means foray into technical, would have enhanced course value.
I learned so much form this course of what is AI. the terminologies in AI and also the big impact of AI in the future. For the Professor Sir Andrew  Ng, Very big Thank you for sharing to us your wide knowledge about tbis course.
This course is a must for all AI aspirants. AI gonna change the engineering industry in the coming decades and this course might be the right place to start for learning the dynamics of AI and the effect it will have on society.
This course gave me an idea about AI ,the basics and how we can use AI in solving problems in different scenarios . The instructor had an extreme clarity and way he proceeded with his lecture is very interesting and informative.
Its gives an overview and works as complete guide for people who are freshers and want to have a glance about about exactly are these technologies and what they are meant to be, it also provide info about scope and economy rate.
Good course to start AI journey even if you feel that you know a lot because it clears the crap about what AI can't do (That's more important)because media is throwing articles that AI can do everything but that's not as of now.
Great overview for all levels of learning. I like the short video format which made it easier to fit in the time to view around my busy schedule. Also liked the real world examples which helps me to remember the concepts better.
Very useful intro for all those that are looking for an easy straightforward translation of what AI terminology actually means e.g. machine learning, deep learning, neural networks etc. Also a good explanation of AI limitations.
Andrew Ng has a beautiful way of conveying the course to the learners.  I could understand the overall deep learning, AI for buisness, and also the loss that we should know about AI. This course was very useful to be a part of.
It is an absolutely awesome course of Artificial Intelligence to get an overview of Machine Learning and other related technologies of ML and Data Science. Thanks to Coursera and Sir Andrew Ng for providing the valuable course.
As a student in a Chinese varsity, I know well about the importance of AI. AI can change this world. This course was definitely exuberant and the teacher is amazing. Hopefully, more people can be benefited from this course. :)
Andrew did a fantastic job of explaining a complex domain such as AI in the simplest way possible. His examples, illustrations, analogies were quite spot on and helped with the understanding of key concepts in the field of AI.
The course gave a good glimpse on AI and related areas - similarities & key differences , Applications, Perspectives on Building AI projects, Adopting AI in working environment and AI & Societal concerns.Thank the entire team.
I learnt about artificial intelligence and ML as a subset , improved my understaanding about chatbots, applications of AI..As a learner i felt this course was Very neatly crafted and learner centric course.Thank you,Malini k v
I am really thankful to Coursera and specially to a very highly professional instructor for allowing me and providing me financial aid to complete the AI for Everyone course. This really added value to my future and my career.
This is an eye opener of what artificial intelligence is, what it can do, what it can not do and full explanations of misconceptions about artificial intelligence. I love the course. Thumbs up to the facilitator, Mr Andrew Ng.
First of all thank for the teaching us.I bielive that this course is best for us. It is easy ti learn at home ,when we have free time.I think that it is worthing to follow this course . So I invite you to follow this course .
Brilliant course explaining key concepts you will need to understand the possibilities that AI and Machine Learning present, and where these principles can be applied in your business and how they can impact society at large.
An easy and well taught course that needs to be learned by all those willing to step into the world of AI. All thanks goes to Andrew NG, the trainer of this course for his easy and understandable ways of teaching. Well done..
The course is primarily to provide an insight into how to start the learning journey for AI. This definitely gives a perspective of what can be achieved if we involve AI along with the work we are good at instead of replacing
Thank You Soo!! i have learnt so much About what is AI this Course Give ma some basic knowledge of AI i would suggest my fellow to Learn this course & Special Thanks to Coursera  to Approve My Financial Aid Thank you Soo Much
It was a very comprehensive course.This course can be a jump start for anyone with minimum or no AI knowledge at all. It was very clear,concise and realistic. I would surely recommend it to someone with interest in this area.
Andrew Ng is great, explanations are good, easy to follow and great tone. Highly recommend the course to anyone interested taking the 1st step into AI even if its just to be able to follow conversation & news around the topic
Excelente curso. Totally recommended. It was very clear to see the way AI is movong foward, understand from a non technical perspective what it is and also have some frameworks to keep on going developing AI. Thanks Andrew!!!
Thank  You Andrew SIr!! Loved the Way u teach Sir its Amazing about how well he Elaborates and gives a Better Understanding of Perspectives and Points on AI.Its Really A Great Honor Learning with u Sir! Thank you Once Again!
It was fun and enjoyable learning this course. Good Job Dr.Andrew and team for such a successful journey. Special Thanks to Dr.Andrew who is a wonderful teacher. I wish that Coursera will keep doing this amazing job. Thanks!
It is quite challenging to listen to AI for the first time but at the completion of 4 weeks, I believe I got wide eye opener abut AI. I  believe is worth it and I will continue to learn more about it. hanks for the Training.
Excellent course. It gives even a commoner an adequate knowledge to survive in the industry. Nice teaching, presentation, and explanation speed is just right such that it gives the listeners enough time to grasp the concept.
AI for everyone was recommended to me by a senior professional. Thank you for making it seem so simple and effortless. I would like to dive deeper into the components of AI and the best practices to use it in various niches.
The flow of the modules building on the knowledge of each course worked very well. Andrew's explanations and examples used in each week of the course were very helpful in explaining complex subject using real world examples.
This course is truly for individuals who have no background with the engineering, programming  or IT background.The ideas expressed in this course are from a high- level perspective, which is perfect for business operations.
This is an awesome course, where you will get to learn about the current application of AI. You will also get some idea about the future progress of AI, and how this field would benefit all the other industries in the world.
Very good and yet simple to follow and understand complex concepts. The structure, content and explanations are very friendly and motivate us to continue to learn and explore the fascinating world of Artificial Intelligence.
Very interesting and thorough for an AI starter course. Very motivational to keep learning further about the topics discussed, and massive props to Andrew Ng to sharing some of his experiences on top of all of his teachings.
Andrew Ng taught really good course. I just loved learning new concepts about AI For Everyone. Andrew Ng cleared all the concepts that was not clear to me. And also thanks to Coursera for providing me this opportunity to me.
An excellent introduction to AI and covers the entire spectrum. Andrew makes it so easy, interesting and entertaining. I breezed through this entire course within couple of days and just loved it. Thanks Andrew and Coursera!
I am glad I took this course to better understand how AI is affecting our lives, our jobs, and society in general.  It clarifies a lot of things and also warns about the negative aspects and how we can address some of them.
This is an amazing opportunity  for all the students mainly for their carrer.I am very happy and I agree that this Coursera helps us for our skill development.....Every one be a part in this and learn for gaining knowledge.
A very straight forward introduction to the world of AI. Simple . yet comprehensive, now I feel more confident when discussing Machine Learning, data Scientist, Data Lake and neural networks topics without feeling ignorant,
Wonderful course! For people like me who wants to start to step a foot in AI, it helped develop basic, general and very helpful knowledge. And more important, it let me gain more thoughtful thoughts on my future AI project!
This was a pretty short yet extremely informative course. The examples used throughout the course helped me understand the concepts better. This course is great for beginners who are looking forward to learn or work in AI.
This course is given in a very thorough, clear and informative way. Partly because of the teacher and the way he teaches, it is a pleasure to follow the course. You learn a lot about AI, in all kinds of areas. Recommended.
love the framework given by this course to help having an overview of different definition of AI and machine learning, very useful for beginners to gain a better understanding of AI project flow, technology and possibility
Excellent introduction to AI. Even if you have some understanding to begin with, this course is useful in reinforcing broad understanding and introducing ideas on project/program management based on Andrew Ng's experience.
Absolute Delight! Thank you Andrew for such a systematic and simplistic approach to AI. It made the learning very easy and interesting. Look forward to continue the learning thru next courses for deeper subject knowledge.
It was fantastic experience to understand how AI is going to help me in around. AI is changing the world and me too. I like the smile on the lips of Prof. Andrew while giving explanation in an easy fashion. Thank you Sir.
Before going into this course I didn't know anything about AI but after going into this I can surely say that I know something about AI. Actually, know I am so enthusiastic about Deep learning and AI. Thanks Mr. Andrew Ng
It is a very basic course on introduction to artificial intelligence ,which covers mostly all the areas where an AI can be thought of. Which makes it good for all level of learners whether it may be student or a rich ceo.
AI For Everyone is a very good course for non-technical people to get the first overview about AI. It clearly explains what AI is and also indicates where and how we can bring it into the business. Very helpful. Thank you
With this course, you will see more clearly what AI can and cannot do!You can imagine different valuable AI projects step by step and build them for a better society.Thank you Andrew Ng for your course and your top help !
Completed this Course sucessfully . thanksfor providing me the financial aid for the course . really this course helps for each and every one  person belongs to different kind of fields. THnks. Professor for teaching me .
An excellent course to get a non technical oveview of AI and its practical applications in real life. Andrew Ng is fantastic as an excellent teacher and helps walk through various topics in a lucid manner. Thanks Andrew!
Well made course and a great intro to the field. Truly love how it empowers the listeners to go try doing something with the received knowledge. I am certainly sold on the idea of trying to dig deeper into AI. Thank you!
this non technical course is extremely important yet at the same time explained so easily that it became much easier. AI has changed our lifes and will continue to do so and this course has helped me adopt to that change
I work for a very big eCOA company that does electronic clinical trials for pharmaceuticals. I have been asked by my CEO to mentor him in AI. I have found very useful material that I will use in my meetings with the CEO.
This course is an easily understandable way for anyone (including people from a completely non-technical background) to get an overview of AI/ML technology today from one of the field's leading experts and practitioners.
highly recommended for those  who are learning AI.  basically it is designed very well and the questions and answers are more interesting to get connected you throughout the course. THANKS ALOT Sir Andrew Ng and coursera
This course has cleared my doubts related to AI, ML and Data science. Now my vision is clear for AI and ML. This course has provided a new path to my ML project. Thank you Andrew Ng and Coursera for this amazing course.
The course was very great and it changed the way i used to think about Artificial Intelligence. The course focuses on nearly every aspect of AI and its future and is really helpful to someone who needs to learn about AI
Starting from the first video, there is so much information organised in a beautiful way. I have gained much clarity on what is AI, how it works and how we can use it for the betterment of the Businesses and the society
An excellent course and in fact and eyeopener. It effectively destroys all misgivings about AI. Now I am confident that I'll be a keener participant in AI discussions and will have important inputs in business decisions
As an overview, you get a general idea of what are the benefits and clarifications of so many topics involved in AI. It encourages you to get more involved and I will try to keep learning. Thank you all for this course!
Andrew Ng does a great job of helping me understand the basic concepts of AI. I recommend watching and taking notes of the optional videos. The are extremely helpful in understanding the public discourse surrounding AI.
This is a non-technical course that everyone should take to learn about how AI will impact them and their jobs. The instructor, Andrew Ng, explains the concepts very clearly and illustrates them with a lot of examples.
Very, very recommended for all people, especially for managers and non-IT people. AI can be applied in all industries, but what we really need is non-IT people to dream what can be done with this incredible technology.
The course was well formulated and it was really interesting to know about the future of our world that is Artificial Intelligence. A special mention to the Instructure for such a great learning experience. Thank You!
Very informative and easy to understand. Anyone can do this course even if you have zero knowledge about the topic. It gives sufficient knowledge about all you need to know about artificial intelligence for beginners.
Nice and simple course, completed in one sitting , mainly for spreading basic knowledge and awareness. Does not contain any programming assignment or math. Its basically what it says in thebttle ... AI for 'Everyone'.
It's a good course to start learning what an AI is, what it does and how it could affect the everyday life.Useful for everyone, also for who doesn't work with AI at moment considering how it will spread in the future.
A good survey overview of AI technology, applications, and limitations - makes the world of artificial intelligence and data science more accessible to the layperson and provides a solid grounding in the AI ecosystem.
Excellent course. Andrew has done an amazing job of breaking down a fairly complex subject into simpler chunks which made the concepts very easy to understand. Great for learners with limited prior knowledge of AI/ML.
Andrew Ng is an amazing professor, he articulates the entirety of the course very clearly and manages to boil down information about AI to it's most basic form, making the course highly comprehensible and informative.
Wonderful Course and highly recommended. Thanks coursera for providing me the opportunity to know about the A.I! Now I've completed this course, I'm super excited to explore more the field of A.I. Onwards and Upwards!
Very well paced curse and the capsules for learning were in the right size. The explanation of concepts in a simple way was remarkable .A primer on what one needs to do from a programming stand point could be added .
This course provided in-depth and insights information of AI, I am now confident to proceed further with provided inputs in this course that I can now take AI projects and work on my skill-set and career upgradation.
The course provides an excellent introduction of AI concepts and how to go about it, the advantages and the pitfalls in AI etc, in a lucid manner. A great introductory course for for the AI beginners and the managers
This course provides so much value and clarifies a lot of misconceptions around AI today.  I now feel more confident in furthering my studies in AI and ML. Looking forward to how this knowledge will impact my career!
This course is a great overview of AI and how it impacts the world today and in the future.  I recommend this couse for anyone who wants to learn more about how AI works and how to incorporate it into their company.
I loved the course! Andrew is a fantastic and empathetic teacher. His encouragement and perspective keep one stay motivated and also not get stressed. I look forward to learning more from him and others on Coursera.
I am so grateful that I chose this course. Andrew Sir teaches so well and the content of the course is so well explained. I highly recommend this course to anyone who is starting to work or learn in the field of AI.
this is very usefyul for us to think a detailed look of the artificial intelligence and machine learning ... thank you for everyone who organised this course .....this makes us more involved at the ai for our future
I got a comprehensive overview of what AI is and the meanings of various concepts being talked about in this context. Excellent course for one to start on a solid ground. Five stars! Thank you Andrew.This is helpful
I audited the class and didn't study for the certificate but for the pure goal of knowledge. I love this course so much! Thank you, Dr. Ng, for providing such a comprehensive yet understandable information about AI!
Exceptionally good course. Andrew's style of simplifying such an advanced topic enriches this course. I would encourage those who want to take their first step to understand AI to take this course. Thanks Andrew!!!!
It is a perfect introduction to AI and what could we expect in future.There are some hypes that AI can do everything that is not true in the present era.There are some limitations of AI that we have to be aware of.
The course gives a quick yet clear understanding of AI and how it can be applied to our daily interaction with technologies, and eventual usage in the future. I have enjoyed learning through this course. Thank you!
This a really refreshing course for beginners to understand what goes behind the AI systems today. Also, understanding the same technology from various perspectives is wonderful in looking at the long term effects.
Before I didn't really liked the topic, but my dad convinced me to take the course and it is really amazing. The professor explains everything perfect and "easy", you can learn a lot abou how AI works form scratch.
I had an eager interest over AI & came to know about it so beautifully & Andrew is a great teacher who will not bore you rather you'll enjoy his serene tone to get learned by his informative & not-so-boring slides.
As a teenager, I was not super-excited to take the class. But, it surprised me - Andrew Ng was not boring and explained things perfectly. AI can be confusing, but now I feel like I know enough to take more classes.
The course was very intuitive.I am a beginner in this field and was still able to understand almost all the sections at the very first go.The best part is, I Understand it!!!!Thank you Andrew NG and DeepLearning.ai
I learnt a lot about Artificial intelligence from this course , I think this course is very helpful for students belong to non technical background. Thanks to Andrew Ng for deliver this course in a very simple way.
I recommend this course to all of you. I have learned a lot from this, now i know what is A.I and What is its components. I love this course. I would request you to learn and teach others. It will change the world.
Excellent course for those who got started with Machine Learning in Business. Throughout the course, you will understand the difference between data science and machine learning and limitations that A.I. cannot do.
Very informative, and great delivery. Cleared the air around common misconceptions of AI. Cites good examples of AI and its ethical use in society, while noting the risks of misusing AI through adversarial attacks.
I enjoyed this course, everything was easy to understand so I was able to finish ahead of time. Great instructor bringing awareness of the importance of AI in society today and its inevitable growth in the future!
The Course Was Really Good. Got To Understand About AI And Machine Learning  And Many Other Topics . Thanks Andrew For Wonderful Course. And Also Thanking Coursera For Providing This Wonderful Course As a Platform
A prerequisite to any AI course mainly because of AI and ethics section (Week 4) which shows adverse uses of AI can affect our society together with having an bright new era up ahead because of developments in AI.
The instructor's approach made it a breeze to understand the core concepts. I especially liked the AI Transformation Playbook. This course has kind of kindled my appetite to learn further on AI and related topics.
This is a must do course for anyone who wants to know fundamentally what is AI and its huge potential to change the world and at the same time its limitations. Very Simply explained and very easy to follow.Thanks.
Great course that makes you understand what AI can and can not do without going into the technical details. Also looks at important issues such as the effect of AI on society and how to integrate Ai in businesses.
A Must need course for all AI aspirants or new entrants to this field. Provides a concise explanation of What is AI, how is it applied today, how to approach AI Projects and AI for Society. Great course over all.
It is very useful course to understand AI from scratch. Most important is it is very easy to learn and understandingthis course. The course content is well organised and instructor makes it very clear. Thank you!
Excellent course. I enjoyed a lot and learned a lot about AI. Before that I just had AI as a subject during my degree, which was washed out from my brain but now I feel like confident about talking related to AI.
Great Leaning. Simple explanation with many examples helped me to understand clearly. I would recommend everyone to start with this course and then move on to detail AI courses. Thank you Andrew and team. Cheers.
Amazing course, amazing instructor. A beautiful well presented course giving great insights and knowledge on AI. Highly recommended for anyone seeking to just learn about AI or embarking on related subject areas.
Interesting approach on AI that allows non tech people to get a little closer to the concepts that are driving the field; also, good for tech people to polish their communication skills when talking to non techs.
A perfect course for everyone! That's why it's called "AI for Everyone". I hope the next course brings more case studies and the application of AI in different businesses/industries. Thanks Andrew! You are great!
It's a great introduction to the subject of AI and can really help in learning the basics  so conversations can be constructive and understood whether speaking to internal or external teams  and potential clients
Great introductory course to Machine
Learning. I recommend it to be
attended by all kind of professionals, regardless of
their position or role in the organization and regardless of
their educational backgorund.
This is the first course that I've completed and it was explained very well. I'm not exactly interested in AI but the way it was explained made me fall in love with this vast, technical world. Thank you so much!
If you are new to AI. This course is best for you. You will learn a lot through this course. You may not understand everything but repeating the video or Googling questions will help you to understand it better.
The explanations are really good, am working in a Data annotation company but had less idea about what's going on, after this, I know what we are doing and how my work is affecting our clients.thanks, Andrew!!!!
Everyone should opt in for this course. It will give youthorough understanding of AI technology. One does not need to be in any specific field or familiar with computer to opt in for the course.  SIMPLY AMAZING.
Extraordinary course to start getting familiar with the subjects of AI. This encourages me to further the studies in the near future, and also look to ways to implement this knowledge in my current job position.
It is a very nice introductory course on AI on the concepts of AI. You don't need to have any math/stats/computer science background to understand the course. It gets me intrigued to want to learn more about AI.
The class makes AI approachable. Andrew is encouraging at every turn and has a gift for communicating complex concepts in easy-to-understand language. Am looking forward to continuing to develop my AI knowledge.
Good presentation and easily to understand, even for the non-technical person. With this course, everyone should be able to understand the overview of AI technologies and its impact to the business and society.
This is a helpful course both for Computer Science and other who want to start working in AI. This course will help you to start your journey in this Field. Thank you Andrew Ng for your teaching in this course.
Excellent course which encompasses most aspects of AI fundamentals in a very simplistic yet elaborate manner. The presenter is fabulous and the course seems to be worth every penny from a beginners perspective.
Alhumdulillah ! This course was a good start to build AI foundations from scratch. The teacher has elaborated all the pros and cons of AI. Through this course I am able to further my studies in the field of AI.
Great introductory course to AI. The short video formats are great and the content was easy to understand and well explained. I would recommend this course to everyone if you are keen to begin understanding AI.
It was a very good course, the best one I had on AI!It got me very interested in the subject and I'm going to continue to learn about AI.I'll start using what I learned in this course in my company immediately.
Dr Andrew Ng completely demystified AI for me with this course. I was able to truly grasp all of the concepts which were presented over the 4 weeks! A lot of things were clarified that I had no idea of before.
I was concerned that I would not have the background for this, but Andrew did a great job to bring understandable examples and principles to bear. Can recommend for non-software folks who want to understand AI
Thank you Andrew, this was really a must course to understand the basics of AI and related concepts. This course will help structure your thoughts better while thinking about AI projects and needs. Thank you !
No doubt it is one of the best course and it is for everyone who is technical and non-technical as well. The Professor explained each and every topic in-depth. I would highly recommend this course to everyone.
An exceptional course. The course covers a comprehensive range of topics about the strengths and limitations of AI and other relevant areas. The content was phenomenal and twas delivered extremely well 10/10.
Its an awesome course for beginners who wish to learn more on this topic.I thoroughly enjoyed the course and the trainer deserves an appreciation especially.he explained everything very well without any flaws
Mr. Andrew is an amazing person, he has designed the course which can be understood by everyone. Especially for those who are novice computer users, in short whoever wants to learn AI, must take such courses.
This is awesome,I didn't even expect such a thing like coursera will ingress in to my life ...Great ,it taught me a lot in this lockdown session and moreover this will be very helpful  educational enthusiasts
This is really an amazing course that gives you intuition about AI and its subsequent fields such as Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Data Science, Reinforcement Learning, Practical side of AI, and much more.
Excellent course. I was expecting something difficult but the learning was so smooth :) Examples are concrete and when it get technical, the teacher use great analogies or videos. AI almost seemed easy now :)
Absolutely fantastic! Enjoyable content kept me engaged. Loved the videos. The rich videos with theory and pratical examples facilitate the understanding. thnak you so much Coursera and in particul Andrew Ng.
Good for manager level employees who dont need to get too deep into the technology , but definitely need to understand how to manage the adoption of such technology, plan projects, and cut through the jargon.
This course was so good for the beginner and also for non-native. I'd like to continue to learn AI and Machine Learning (Deep Learning) more on Coursesa. And also I will recommend this lectures to my friends.
I got an high level of overview which cover answers of current questions of AI in society. How to build AI tech? Why is it needed? Or is there any harm or no harm? I think it gives best overview of AI future.
Excellent course. I had little information about AI and this course gave me knowledge to pursue AI further. I plan to take additional courses from deeplearning.ai and Coursera. I highly recommend this course.
The course covers an extremely complex topic and explains the concepts in a very simple way. The examples covered in the course are very relevant and helps in understanding AI in a better way. Thanks Andrew!
Anyone planning to dive into Artificial intelligence should take this course. The course is structured and explained with practical examples. Instructor is very good at explaining in a understandable manner.
For a beginner it is an excellent course. It explains the importance and role of AI in the world and how it is going to affect our lives. I highly recommend it for anyone who is not exposed to these concepts
This is a fantastic  course for beignners in AI.As the course title says "AI For Everyone",it really is a course which anyone can do from technical or non-technical background and learn great things from it.
very good explanation of how to build and enhance your business using sophisticated artificial intelligence. Thank you very much to deeplearning.ai and Coursera for providing platform to brush up our skills.
It was an amazing experience complete this course. This was my first approach to the AI World and I want to keep learning about this topic. Hopefully in the next years, AI will be so important for all of us.
Very explanatory course! I recommend it undoubtedly to everyone who wants to learn what AI can and can't do and to have an idea about how it can be applied correctly in general! Very well structured course !
I think the course is simple and nice presented. Even though this is a difficult subject, I think Andrew Ng has done a great job in making it simple enough for a layman to understand AI...Highly recommended.
I was thrilled by the information I learnt from Prof. Andrew Ng. The knowlage of AI and Delving deep into technical details of machine learning is mind blowing. I'm so great I have add this Course to my CV.
I Greatly thank Mr. Andrew for this course. It really made me to feel soo comfortable in learning AI. This course is useful for each and every person whether technical or non-technical. Its a awesome course
I have found good video presentations here, which are very easy to understand. The gestures, verbal delivery, body language of the lecturer made the subject to be more interesting. Thanks to the Coursera...
Wonderful and very insightful course. They cleared a lot of doubts and misconceptions. Once again Kudos and Thank you to Prof. Andrew Ng for a wonderful course and educating the world to be a better place.
Great explanation by Andrew Ng as it really helped me to understand what is AI world. Thank you so much for all that you've done - Thanks for being a good mentor and for guiding me on the right path of AI.
It was really easy even for me, unfamiliar with the AI,  to understand what the AI is. Mr. Andrew's talk was always clear and relieved me. I strongly recommend this class for all that want to study the AI.
I am Highly recommended for anyone wanting to start learning about AI. Explained in an coherent and intuitive way and will help lay the foundation for a lifelong learning experience and a new career in AI.
Thanks Andrew for making this course. It has explained very well what AI is bringing to us and how it can impact our society, industry. I like how the different suggestions to solve some of the challenges.
I had a general view on AI and by doing this course i have learnt a great deal of understanding whst AI is, its capability, its advantage and also its disadvantage if certain cases and also its limitation.
Great overview to AI, to what it can or cannot do, to what it is, to the ethics behind it and how it can contribute value to society. Thank you Andrew Ng for your dedication to the education of the masses.
Great course to start your gathering knowledge on AI. Very informative. If you are interested in learning about AI and what it can and cannot do without being too technical then this is the course for you.
Excellent course for everyone to understand AI in a simplest language, illustrations and explanations. This course gives a right amount of motivation and direction for AI transformation. Thanks:) Andrew!!!
An excellent overview of AI and its potential. I learned more about its applications in the real world and realized that I don't need a super sophisticated and complex project to implement AI in my field.
Very interesting gives you the basic concepts and main ideas about AI. Most important that AI isn't only for engineers or rich countries but for everyone and every industry no matter the size or location.
This was an excellent survey course exploring the foundations of AI in business and society. Andrew did a wonderful job explaining the pros and cons of adopting AI in a crawl-walk-run approach. Thank You!
Clear explanation! A good introductory course! I would suggest one to follow up with another course to learn more and make yourself stronger. If that particular class is as good as this, then no worries!!
This is a great introductory course on AI. The material is presented in a way that it is accessible to anyone. Andrew does a superb job of explaining AI concepts and the current applications for business.
The speaker of this course is very knowledgeable and gave a perfect idea of what the AI actually means. I liked the course very much. The questions for assessment were also great. Thanks for this course.
Fantastic introduction to AI, easy to follow. I had some ML/Data Science experience going in, which helped, but I feel like the concepts were communicated well enough that I could have understood anyway.
This is a very informative course.  The course content as well as the manner of teaching were provided in a way that even non-technical people can actually get valuable knowledge and understanding on AI.
If you are a beginner then this would be best to understands basics of AI. The instructor is very good and explains with large number of examples, which easily clears the topic which he wants to explain.
It's a nice course for beginners who are opting for AI(Artificial Intelligence). It has been a delight for me to join and participate in this course. I have learnt a lot about AI and gained a few skills.
This course was extremely helpful to learn more about AI, with concrete examples and technical information that are easy to understand. My interest for AI is definitely growing. Thank you so much Andrew!
Although the title seems to be easy with some experience that i had in undertaking 1 -2 AI projects, this course gives me better understand on how to proceed and strategize AI projects within my company.
Thank you Andrew Ng! I've learned how AI works with the real world, which are IA limitations and how you can work in a IA team. I'm excited to keep learning this field so someday I could move into there!
this is the quality course which help me out in my up coming life .i learned many things from this course deeply especially essential concepts of AI. thank you so much for giving such a quality content .
Very good introduction to the AI topic, explaining basic terms, such as machine learning, data science and providing practical examples enabling the learner to imagine the subject in a more tangible way.
Awesome lecture from Andrew Ng. I really liked the flow of the course. It's a good introduction to AI. Will recommend this course as a first course for software engineers who have interest in AI and ML.
Enough detail but not too much...structured very well to give an AI novice the right considerations and approaches to understanding and piloting an AI project.  VERY well done....I will be taking more!!
I want to know about this booming technology and So now I came to know about what actually AI ,Ml Dl and Datascience are.I will do another courses in AI as well.Andrew NG is a Very Excellent instructor.
thank you so much sir to becoming this video not too long but very useful in the less time as far as possible and giving me an idea of the growing world towards ai and about aii repeat thank you so much
This is a great course and i have really learnt a lot from this course. I really want to appreciate and pay thanks to the team of this course to provide a chance to start and kickoff a promising career.
An excellent course for the beginner. I appreciate the way Andrew covered diverse topics related to AI in a non-technical way which can be understood by technical as well as no-technical people equally.
An eye-opener for AI. This course help me understand AI & Deep Learning. Prof. Andrew lectured on the reality & true face of AI. He is very bold enough to comment "AI can't do everything". I liked that.
The course is one of the best courses I have undertaken. The concepts are being simplified and explained beautifully. The language is simple and clear. Andrew NG undoubtedly is one of the best teachers.
Absolutely Amazing Course. I recommend everyone, no matter what business or job you're in to partake this course, as it can cause you to leave with a mindset that can highly impact your job positively.
Excellent course to enter (or deepen) the world of Artificial Intelligence. Explained in a very understanding way with the use of valid examples, provides an excellent starting point for further study.
Thank you Andrew and Coursera.  This AI for Everyone course was well put together and very educational to provide that broad view of AI  and how to build / get started in our company.  Well done indeed
Very well structured course. It has driven through interest and gave a very good explanation of AI for companies CEO and Directors. Thanks for Andrew Ng for his commendable explanation on every detail.
Very interesting and informative course. I learned all basics of AI and how AI is affecting life today and how it will affect in the future. It was interesting to learn AI's capability and limitations.
This course is totally Non-technical, it's best for newly build startup or big company CEOs. It teaches you about basic overview of AI, which is very important to know if you are non coding background.
It is simple and effective. You feel that a quality time is spent to upgrade yourself on a concept. Experience of listening to Andrew Ng is completely unique and will end up respecting him as a person.
Truely, AI for everyone. One may not get a better introduction to AI. The tutor explained in terms that a non technical person also understands the basics of AI and what AI can or cannot do. Thank you.
I am really grateful to Professor Andrew Ng for the inspiring tutorial on AI for Everyone. I have learnt the fundamentals of what AI is and how it can help me developed my future learning in this area.
Great introduction that provides a foundation for further learning. Concepts are clearly explained, video execution & facilitation by the instructor are are seamless, it's a fun, short, class to take.
This course was the right level of information for an introduction and moved at just the right pace.  I recommend it to anyone seeking an introduction to AI, machine learning, and related disciplines.
Awesome explanation with examples for each point discussed. The best course I have ever attended. Thumbs up to the course instructor sir. His experience shows up in his explanation. Kudos to you sir.
Perfect course for inculcating some of the basics about AI(Artificial Intelligence) in the audience with a wider perspective for each of the domain .In a nutshell "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious"
My sincere thanks to Dr. Andrew Ng, for giving us the opportunity to be a part of AI world, through this wonderful designed course. This course will help you to build the foundation knowledge for AI.
I strongly recommend this course if you want to know more about AI (doesn't matter if you are SE or CEO - there is a quite good and clear introduction to this field). Thanks, Andrew for this course!
I found that this  class is much easier than i expected ...I have never learned such a deep detailed class..so we are thankful to Andrew and Coursera for giving us such a valuable class....THANK YOU
This course is an awesome course to start with. The course will position ones expectation and intellect in the AI world to give a better perspective of what coming! Thanks Andrew N G for the course.
I am really satisfied with the course content and teaching pedagogy. I am able to get a fair understanding of AI and its capabilities and also it will be able to make the people, society better off!
Even as someone who understands the more technical details of AI, I still found this course very useful for understanding the big picture w.r.t. AI and also some of the non-technical aspects of AI.
Awesome course. I got a good overall idea on what AI is generally about. It leaves me motivated to learn more of AI and apply it in my field of expertise. I am very convinced that AI is the future.
The information presented in this course was just enough and just right for a non-technical professional to grasp the value of AI and to embrace it as the next generation leverages this technology.
I have a good experience to start a new skill which is Artificial Intelligence and the course instructor is doing a tremendous job . Thank you Andrew after long time i found a good teacher. Regards
Title if this course is so apt. AI for Everyone. I strongly recommend this course not only to people who are interested in upskilling but also for those who want to get a basic understanding of AI.
Excellent non-technical course suitable primarily for business professionals. As a ML practitioner, however, I still found it useful & helpful as Andrew shares a lot from his industrial experience.
Very good course for beginners to understand concepts of AI and what to expect before getting into the AI. The lessons were well paced and very happy to have got referred to this course. Thank you.
I learned a lot of things about feasible, developing, business strategies and other new technologies of AI for starting an AI company.my favorite quotes are:Ai is the new electricity.keep learning.
Great non technical course and intro to AI for everyone, especially for beginners. Andrew is one of the best teachers for AI and machine learning , who explain complex concepts in easy way! Thanks!
This course truly gets you started with AI. It gives you a quick understanding of where AI stands currently and the course is structured very beautifully so that the leaning takes place seamlessly.
Great course !! Brilliant and easy going explanation regarding the real world projects and technologies..Excellent one !! one must take it to know the evolving trends in technology!!! THANK YOU :)
This course was very informative. It explained many basic ideas behind AI very clearly and thoroughly and made my curiosity grow into interest that makes me look forward to learning more about AI!
The way Andrew puts the lesson and the fact that he has worked on most of the things is remarkable and it makes learning more interesting for a novice. It was fun! Induced curiosity to learn more.
The best introduction to artificial intelligence jargon, the strategies and knowledge required to create AI Projects, the success stories of several AI companies, and the effects of AI on society.
It really was a wonderful course for starters as AI is now in immature stage, it is beeter to learn now and go for the next steps, climbing the ladders of AI and start applying it on our projects.
The concept of AI and its applications on the business sector were explained in simple terms. A great course to give people the idea of which way to go for implementing or to start working on AI.
Amazing! I'm a medical student interested in clinical informatics. With COVID-19 and rise of telemedicine, it's really important to learn about the applications and implications of AI technology.
This course was very beneficial for me as I am looking forward to build up my career in the field of AI. This course gave me an initial point and steps to follow to successfully continue my work.
Brilliant course to learn the basics of AI, machine learning and data science. Lucid language and great examples! I highly recommend this course to anyone interested in starting their AI journey.
It is really for everyone. I was an Robotics student and I wanted something more technical. But it is very good course to begin with. The teacher is very nice and talks in easy-to-understand way.
Good intro to AI. Any professional user will see new uses for AI within their company after taking this course. It is focused on realistic use cases, and aviods the hype currently surrounding AI.
Great introduction and overview of AI. Instructor is very clear in his explanations and has a very natural speaking style. He comes across as genuinely interested in using AI to benefit society.
It was an amazing course! Got to learn lot of new things. Andrew connects theory with real life examples to make things interesting. Got me hooked to the course and I finished it in one sitting.
I have completed this course which it was useful to me about smart things in our daily life and working progress.  It has been understand very well and good teaching of Andrew N G sir, Thank You
Very interesting to learn a new concept and the resource person explained in a simple way with many examples and case studies  which made me to understand it easily.Thank you professor Andrew Ng
Its great opportunity to avail its good to be part of your team and learn future oriented course i will like to be part of this online platefarme and will avail everyone opportunities in future.
Great as an intro to AI.  I knew very little about AI and after this course I have tools to defend myself. I have also developed more interest in the subject. Its easy to follow and understands.
Very good simple introduction to AI. I was impressed by how Andrew Ng's extensive expertise in AI combined with his very humble teaching style. I ended up completing the entire course in one go.
Thank You Very Much Sir and the entire team of AI For Everyone Course specially deeplearning.ai for their support, lectures and cooperation. Your course enable me to know about tomorrow's world.
It was very informative and the presentation was extremely lucid. Excellent way of  providing an indepth view of AI and also specifically taking up the way the world is going to change basis AI.
If you are starting a path in the IA field or want to be informed about it in general, this course is ideal to understand the core concepts and get rid of some misconceptions that you may have.
Great course for know about AI. I got a lot of knowledge through this course, and way of given marks for assignment is impressive. Sir Andrew NG thanks for teaching us you're doing a great job!
Informative and useful course. Definitely giving the course taker an upper hand in strategic transformation of business and upgrade. I wish Dr Andrew Ng could teach everything on this platform.
The course was well-structured and well-explained by the instructor. It is best suited for everyone because it teaches very basic stuff which doesn't require previous knowledge. Great course!!!
This is very simple and informative course for the AI world that enables us to transform any company into an AI company with the knowledge of AI in every aspect in terms of success and failure.
A course by which you will learn basics of Artificial Intelligence  and its broad applications.It totally tells you about the feasibility of AI and where when and how apply AI to perform tasks.
for business managers to understand the ecosystem and context of AI in a very well structured and easy manner (by one of the main AI gurus). For the techies, go for the specialization directly.
Its awesome Experience with Andrew. Really happy to know the insights of AI."AI replaces Tasks not the Job" Its true it makes the repetitive, routine tasks in a better way.Finally a Big Thanks
A very fresh and engaging course that clears many doubts about AI and gives basic fundamental knowledge of other aspects which including in AI. Case studies help a lot to understand in detail.
It is a good introduction for the beginners those who want to know about AI. It is a great course and after completing this course you will be in a position to explain other what AI really is.
An Excellent course helped in learning about Artificial intelligence in this LOCKDOWN period of COVID-19. Thanks to the whole team of coursera for helping to enhance the skills in this period.
Teaches basic about AI and its progress. Starter for those who want to explore the world about AI and deal with their business with AI. The whole course is well designed for totally beginners.
Coursera I really thank you for giving me this opportunity to complete this course and coming to Andrew he is just a brilliant teacher and clears my thoughts regarding Artificial Intelligence.
Andrew NG is well-versed in artificial intelligence for everyone and in the course of the neural network provides information that is most needed and is a secret result of his vast experience.
I found AI for Everyone informative and eye opening to the possibilities AI has in industry and society.  The instructor clearly presented the information in a manner I understood.  Thank you.
Excellent way to learn & kick start the AI journey for Beginners. Every aspect with good Examples covering the overview of the AI & its impact on the industry, Individuals & most imp Society.
Too good a course to start with AI. The course instructor Andrew Ng is too good in imparting the knowledge of AI. It gave me confidence to go in for next steps to explore more about AI.Thanks
Exceptional way of teaching by sir, all the areas that have been covered is enough to lay the foundation of what and what not AI is. Highly recommended to my fellow friends to do this course.
I am glad I started my AI journey with this course. This course was wonderful beyond words. Can't thank Andrew sir enough for helping me get started with my journey in AI on such a high note.
Highly recommended to everyone who wants to enhance their knowledge in AI.I got a comprehensive overview of what AI is and the meanings of various concepts being talked about in this context.
Excelent introductory course, well paced and extremely clear. It's such a pleasure to study with an outstanding teacher like Andrew Ng. Really inspiring! Thrilled to take the next steps in AI
Great course! Andrew gives a good overview for all things AI & I'm glad they included the AI in society section. Great additional resources included in the course too. Recommend for everyone!
Very Good course for AI awareness and prepares you well to start projects of AI and jump into it. It is not a deep learning course with advance technology but gives a good appreciation of AI.
A fantastic course for someone who is not from a technical background to learn about AI. As a practicing lawyer, found the course exceptionally useful to comprehend different concepts of AI.
It is a wonderful course that made me understand what is AI, deeplearning, Machine learning, how it works, what are it's necessary, and need of it. The presentation of Andrew NG was amazing.
ThiscoursehelpredmetoknowthebasicsandDo's and Dont's os AI technology.Also it motivates me to learn and practice artificial intelligence as much as I can.Truly thankful for that oppurtunity.
Well explained course! Andrew is great at explaining AI and clearing out all the clutter and buzz around AI and help you understand how AI is a superpower! Highly recommended course to take.
It made this field that I had a very different idea of very interesting and simple to understand. Loved the examples given and the real world relevance associated with each of the teachings.
Great course for everyone to understand the AI industry from a clear business perspective. Having recommended it to quite some CFOs in China whose companies are under digital transformation.
Good for Beginners who want to learn what is AI and how this will effect in future, also very well explained about how to make plan for any AI Project with detailed view of all design steps.
Interesting course. I can feel that I added a new item to my skill set. I honestly didn't know much about AI before starting, while now I understand the basics of a totally new subject. Nice
This is a great training to start understand AI's adanatages, use, bias, pro's and cons etc.... as well a great beginning to understand the impact that it will have on the new smarter world.
A really amazing course in Lay man language to explain about the basics and the uses and limitations . of Artificial intelligence. This course changed my perception of how I should handle AI
it was a really great experience learning with coursera and a very experienced teacher Andrew Ng. Hope to have the same learning journey ahead as i plan to have more courses through coursera
Excellent course for anyone who wants to understand exactly what is AI, how it relates to Data Science and Machine Learning and various aspects of AI implementation in business and society.
Best Course for beginners and I really enjoyed the course very much.Such an Extraordinary instructors explained every concept very well and i am interested to do more courses relevant to AI
AI For Everyone course is awesome for learning to new technology for me. The each and every week quiz and videos are so interesting and commitment to wards the work. Thank you for the team.
Avery informative & helpful course on learning and starting with AI.I now have developed a liking towards AI.Thankyou Andrew Ng Sir for explaining various concepts and things related to AI.
Excellent!! I am a Microbiologist, I am very interested to do a Project if possible. Oral Cancer. Mr. Andrew of you an give me a suggestion or where to start...would be highly appreciative.
Great course for those who are keen to learn about AI. Andrew Ng did a fabulous job to explain every bit he could with full effort, and those examples given in the course are the crux to it
This course is really beneficial for me... I have learned many things about AI and how to develop an AI project... Very Informative and useful... Thanks a lot for the nice presentation.....
Really great introduction to the topic, especially for non-technical individuals. Professor Andrew Ng is incredible at what he does, and his passion and enthusiasm for the topic is evident.
I feel a lot more comfortable participating in discussions regarding AI. Understanding the difference between ML and Data Science was a huge takeaway, so was understanding the ethics of AI.
Very useful for someone who is starting to start a career in AI or understand  what AI can do and it's misconceptions. It helps in understanding how to start AI projects in an organization.
Excellent videos. The dedications is amazing. I will be visiting Stanford on July, hope we meet. Have a lot of very interesting things to tell you. Thanks a lot for your effort Andrew Ng!!!
This Course was very good; I learnt a lot from it, and also helped me to understand and come up with some ideas , so Thank you very  much Andrew and I hope to meet again in another courses.
As a first approach to AI it is a very interesting course, since in a non-theoretical way, you understand what is AI and what you can do with it. It encourages you to continue studying it.
Andrew is an excellent presenter and provides a great overall view of the world of AI in its current state and ways to view it and use it. Great learning for everyone, highly recommend it.
The course was a great introduction to AI concepts and has helped me move forward with my understanding of the technology.  It is a great place to start for anyone interested in the topic.
why are asking money  for certificate this is free enroller and get free certificate i want to learn the coursera course but i can't pay the money for certificate plz give free certificate
I enjoyed the program. Went at a good pace. Touched on some key points worthy of consideration and reflection. I will most definitely recommend the program to others of a similar interest.
This course helped me to learn basic understanding of the course. At the end of each course the exam was like a revision. Thanks to the trainer for explaining each session in a simple way.
Deliver the data in very organized simple way, i've learned a lot about AI from business side, Sure I will keep learning more about this interesting subjectThanks Andrea, you are amazing!!
It is an excellent course.It is very easy to understand the concepts of AI and it's importance in today's business world. Overall, a great beginner's course to AI.AI rocks.Thanks Andrew NG
Andrew Ng is very knowledgeable and explains the fundamentals of AI in an interesting way that is easy to understand. Would recommend to anyone who would like to acquaint themselves to AI.
I am a new bird in AI, not working on technical side, but in project side. The course covered all sides about AI, if you want to have an overall review of AI, recommend this course to you!
I have learned what AI means and what AI can do and cannot do, how to apply AI in organizations and so many more. Thank you very much for giving me a chance to learn this precious course.
I Love this course and the way Andrew Sir explained about AI is remarkable. I have suggested my friends to take this course so that they are well guided and pursue good career. Thank You!
It helped me to learn new subject . I think without these videos this subject would not be so interesting, enjoyable and more logical rather than just mugging from the book and lectures!!
This course has given a very good idea and exposure of what an AI can and cannot do, how to build a project and even how to initiate the project with very small dataIt was great learning.
Thank you Andrew! I am 63 years old man and at the first time I was a little afraid to attend this course. Now I feel good to finish it! It has been hard in the begining. Finally I enjoy!
Excellent course on AI, I learnt so much and I am confident on using all my new found knowledge to progress my AI career.  Thank you Andrew, you were a great teacher!!.  Much appreciated.
This course is best for a beginner like me to get all the knowledge about AI and its applications moreover Andrew explains every single detail very wellOne of the best teachers i ever had
Andrew NG...you are still inspiring young minds and sharing your knowledge which has started to make people admire you. Thank you. Keep Teaching and we will keep learning. Thank You again
I want to give big thanks to Andrew and Coursera for this more than helpful course, which opened my eyes to the new AI revolution and how it's affecting the world and humanity right now.
Brevity, clarity and simplicity packed with succinct explanations.  Wonderful learning experience, would like to know more programs to move logically to the next level of learning in AI.
I am extremely grateful to Sir, It taught me how to be a member of AI team , How to Handle AI team, How to start an AI project , How to design it and many more things. Thank you so much.
This is a very good course to start with. The professor in the video explained complex topics in a simple way. I suggest everyone who wants to start with AI to pick up this course first.
Every term that appears in the news has become much clearer to me. I am also more aware now of what new technologies can and cannot do. A great introduction for all innovators out there!
I think this course is one of a kind. This course is not for only beginners but also for those who already know about machine learning. It's an outstanding course. Andrew Ng is a legend!
I found Andrew engaging; his course allowed me to conceptualize what AI really is, how it is currently being implemented and its implications on the future of our country (and society!).
This is my first AI course, and it was great. I learned the fundamental knowledge. I like the way Andrew present the course , simple & easily to catch up, also very helpful. Many thanks!
This course is really amazing...! I enjoyed a lot while doing this course and learned some new things about AI and a few about ML. The explanation of Andrew sir is excellent.Thank You...
Thanku coursera for that course . I leaned alot about artificial intelligence , data science , machine learning , deep learning . I loved that course very much. Coursera you are the best
I think this is the good course to start with the AI,Machine Learning, Data Science and Deep Learning project. It will give you basic understanding related to each area of AI thoroughly.
Great course for starting out the journey it has a holistic approach as in gives us what is hopeful and also gives us a safety net and help not to be too optimistic about the A.I Future.
This non technical course help me properly understand that what is AI and how can i make use of the AI in my work and in my Company and how I can transform my Company into an AI company.
Andrew Ng's course has enlightened me. I have not realized that there are so many aspects we have already done them with machine learning approaches. And there are more room to automate.
it is the good session that I can open my mind for AI learning . once a day , I hope I might adapt it to my responsibilty of Bankingthanks for your kind advise the world trend technology
This is awesome introductory course for everyone. Especially for those who are starting their journey in AI to get some clutter out and to get thought process going on.I really liked it.
it was good course designed for beginner like me. Now I could understand the concept behind it and i will look forward to the AI application in my field, Library and Information Science
Amazing course ,Easy to Understand, good explanations about each topic. Gives Insight about what AI can do and cannot. This course made me to also think about the adverse effects of AI.
The instructor was really good, polite and fun. Loved the electricity joke. Kindly send me a link if there are more courses by him on AI on building models in Python or other languages.
This is one of the most enjoyable and effective courses I have done yet. It undoubtedly gave me hope and inspiration to adopt AI professionally. I am so happy to complete such a course.
Thank you so much sir for explaining very clearly , previously I don't know anything about AI but now I am good in AI . The way you explained each and everything was really awesome sir.
Before starting this I have no knowledge on the AI but after this definitely I am saying I learn a lot of things. Thank you for all the professional works who put their efforts in this.
I believe this is the best course to start basic concepts like AI, Deep Learning, Machine Learning. It not only gives your the knowledge but also develops further interest into subject.
AI for Everyone has been a very useful tool to understand the fundamentals of AI, its benefits and limitations and how to ethically apply this powerful technology in one's organization.
Sir Andrew way of description of AI is too easy to understand students like me can gain vast knowledge through these course. I Must praise coursera is useful for boosting our knowledge
This is the perfect course for everyone who is interested in learning AI. This is a good first step into the ocean of AI. Andrew Ng's style of explanation made this course outstanding.
I have came across this course earlier but now went into depth through the course. it is well organized and well define course for the beginners . Thanks for making this course better.
Real Concepts of AI  explained mostly helpful for CEO level. Course not  make me Machine learning engineer/AI product manager/Data Engineer.However precious guide lined provided.Thanks
An incredible cause fir those who do not know a lot about computers and coding. Provides a very easy-to-understand explanation of AI, Machine Learning. Data Science, Deep Learning etc.
Very helpful course for newbies and beginners about getting an insight about AI . Know I have a much clearer view of Artificial Intelligence and feel confident about it. Thanks Andrew.
Easy to consume videos explaining the fundamentals of AI, which everyone should know in the current context.Would recommend this course for students, executives as a foundation course.
This is my first online course and full marks to Andrew for explain a complex topic in such a simple manner. makes me feel a lot more confident of having an engaging conversation on AI
It's a great course for AI begineers. I think it covers main topics regarding AI in a deep enough way to get knowledge on AI to generate interest to keep on learning on AI technology.
This course was so intriguing that I couldn't stop from not following it during my heavy exams time!It was very very useful and motivating. I will continue learning about AI for sure.
Great course, which gives a really good insight and covers the most relevant topics. Quizzes make you reflect and review some of the views which further increases the learning effect!
This Course was very beneficial and valuable. Trainer explain many things in depth. This would be help me in every field of life.Thanks You Endrew NGGreate Effort Good Teaching method
This course helps me to understand the importance of AI and the difference between machine learning and data science. It will also help me how to look into the problem in terms of AI.
Great materials and lectures. Every CEO/Startup Founder/Project manager who wants to enable or leverage AI into their project/product should go through this course. A real eye-opener.
Thoroughly
enjoyed learning AI insights and its impacts. This course actually wets the
appetite to get started on an AI journey. Deeply grateful to Prof. Andrew and
the Coursera team!
got more insight on AI with this course. Thanks Andrew ng for the great course. Happy to be part of lifelong learning society and this course leads to domino effect in the world of AI
As promised in the course description, this is a non technical explanation of AI and the factors around it including business applicability, best cases for usage and societal impacts.
Examples provided was clear and crisp and what the world needs, also the application was described in a well manner. I would highly recommend the interested ones to take this course.
So simple yet so informative and interesting. I have learned so much from a single introductory course. I am thankful to Andrew for sharing his knowledge through this digital medium.
I found it very insightful and well structured as well as well explained for everyone's understanding at a good pace. Gave a good foundation to keep going on the path of AI learning.
This course was instrumental in giving me a birds eye overview of AI, how it is being implemented in industries/businesses and why it is important in todays rapidly changing world.
very interesting, clearly taught. the greatest difficulty is always to explain concisely and simply a very complex topic and Andrew Ng does that very well. many aspects of AI covered
Andrew's explanations were very clear, he is extremely knowledgeable and knows how to transmit it to his students.  I am very glad l decided to go for the certificate on this course.
This course is perfect for catching up with what AI is and what to consider when thinking of using AI and starting AI projects.  It also wets the appetite for learning more about AI!
Amazing course and very well taught. Andrew very clearly explains what AI is, use cases & advantages & limitations. Great information for someone looking to build knowledge around AI
I chose this course because I wanted to be taught by Andrew Ng. He was a relaxing and thought-provoking  lecturing style. I couldn't wait to get home  every day to study a new video.
Great course from the perspective of adopting AI at your company. It explains crucial concepts in the simplest form to enable "everyone" to see the value that can be derived from AI.
A very good introduction to AI. The course covers broad topics related to AI. I will call this course as a generic guide for someone who wants to start his journey learning about AI.
IT'S THE BEST COURSE I HAVE EVER DONE ON COURSERA. PROFESSOR ANDREW IS SO GOOD HUMBLE AND A GREAT TEACHER HE EXPLAINED A DIFFICULT SUBJECT IN A EASY ,RELIABLE,UNDERSTANDABLE MANNER.
Excellent presentation and great content. This course helps me a lot in gaining knowledge of AI. A very good course for beginners. But the certificate should not be of "non-credit".
Very interesting lectures !!! Excelent course structure and AI examples. It helps you undenstand AI and how to spot opportunities to apply AI to problems. Congratulations Andrew Ng.
I thank Andrew Ng Sir for his wonderful explanation about the topics such are covered in this course.I learned much about AI. THANK YOU SO MUCH COURSERA FOR PROVIDING THESE COURSES.
The course really helped me in understanding the business and social side of Artificial Intelligence and how can it improve the world we're living in. Thanks a lot professor Andrew!
Coursera | Class CentralAI is not only for engineers. If you want your organization to become better at using AI, this is the course to tell everyone--especially your non- technical
Great course!  Andrew uses great examples and visuals to make the course understandable and digestible.  I would highly recommend it as it was informative and extremely interesting.
Fantastic introduction to AI, led by brilliant professor Andrew NG. It makes it very compressible and real, showing all the potential and development of AI to make a better society.
I never knew I had so many gaps in my knowledge of what AI is. Enriched my understanding of this subject. It was a little boring in some places but the boredom doesn't last long :).
This is very great course for everyone who want to know A.I. and there practical implement in our daily life. I should recommend this course to everyone how want come in A.I. field.
It's a very good introduction to having a view on the concepts and to the impacts on the technologies, jobs and also on society that the rise of the AI will imply on the next years.
Distance travelled in "AI learning" is very high. It applies to all - from a very experienced business leader to a learning-hungry student. Congrats on developing an awesome course!
Great Course. This course has exposed b\me to a lot happening in the world right now. My curiosity is definitely at an all time high. I am delving deeper into Machine Leaning and AI
Good, clear overview of AI. Good guideline on how one can get started with implementing AI projects and yet with realistic expectations, thanks to the speakers' years of experience.
Loved it! I would definitely recommend it to everyone! Dr. Andrew Ng is excellent on explaining the material. I loved the idea of following the video (speech) with words. Excellent!
Ideal for beginners and curious about AI.Andrew is capable of navigating anybody through the complex world of AI in a very simple manner. It feels like a stroll in the park instead.
Really enjoyed the course. Andrew is a great teacher and love his sense of humor. I have recommended this course to all my friends and coworkers as a great way to get started in AI.
Powerful introduction to A.I that favours even those without any IT background .I highly recommend this course ,it really demystifies so much about what most people think about A.I
Fantastic course. Although it is a high-level overview, there is a plethora of information to get started in AI, even if your goal is to be an AI engineer as well as an AI manager.
IT was a very nice course,the course instructor was also very kind and nice. They  explained each and every concept in a very neat and nice way. Thanks for such a wonderful course!
First of all thank you for being such a valuable and interesting course pf teaching and sir Andrew NJ describe machine learning and data science of AI it was amazing and very good.
A comprehensive overview of AI for newcomers to the subject. Andrew is a great teacher, explaining the topics in just enough detail to feel knowledgeable without being overwhelmed.
Great course!It is easy to understand what AI is, the workflow of AI project, the difference between AI and data science, how AI help economics development ,and how AI create jobs.
A brilliant course that offers insights into the world of AI and its adoption in various industries. Highly recommend it for everyone who needs a basic understanding of what AI is.
Super relevant introduction to AI; terminology, applications, pitfalls, future. I would - and actaully already have - recommend it to friends and colleagues with an interest in AI.
Andrews explanation are so intuitive an fluid , I would have spend 100 hours on some other courses earlier but in 1 hour same thing gets clarified, really impressed and thankful!!!
The best teacher anyone could ask for! Had fun learning this course. Sir has explained such complicated things in a very easy way with many examples and it was really interesting.
It gave me immense pleasure to study and complete AI for Everyone by deeplearning.ai. Everything was explained so perfectly that you hardly have any chance of missing any concept.
It is a great course for a complete beginner like me to get an overview and to learn the basic concept of the AI world. This course now makes me learn more about machine learning.
Great learning opportunity. Helped in demystifying AI and gave an overview of its concepts, applications, and associated terminologies especially in terms of business application.
You can learn a lot without doing all the videos and just doing the tests if you have ever thought about AI, or had any exposure to it; this is a very basic, non-technical course.
This is the best Introduction to AI course I have ever attended. Andrew Ng is a great teacher and his ability to explain all terminology, its meaning with examples is outstanding.
To be honest, the most enjoyable course I ever enrolled in. the instructor is soo engaging and adorable, such an amazing learning experience. the content deserves a 10 out of 10.
wonderful course, especially good for executive who wants to have a non technical understanding of the AI capabilities and a way to initiate a first AI project in her own company
Andrew has an exceptional ability to distill complex ideas and communicate them succinctly in a way that is engaging for the student. This was a great initial introduction to AI.
The course content is very simple to grasp and yet offers so much valuable insights, not many can strike this balance. Thank you Coursera and Andrew Ng for the excellent content.
Approachable from every angle.  I'm a software engineer, but new to AI and ML, and found both the content and delivery balanced (not too simplistic and not at all condescending.)
Great course to get an overview about What is AI and its future aspects and much more!!Excellent course  content for one to start on a solid ground. Five stars! Thank you Andrew.
This is our demand course to enter the AI era! It includes all what we need to know about AI.Thank you for this interesting course, a lot of thanks to Sir Andrew NG, our AI hero!
Gave a nice and concise overview of AI for beginners. It would be great if somewhere in the course, Andrew would have covered what courses need to be taken to build AI expertise
First of all i am very thankful to coursera and also thankful to Sir Andrew Dg because his teaching style is very good and i have gain much knowledge about AI.Thanks to Everyone
This course was very helpful to understand about Artificial intelligence . I really enjoyed this course and highly motivated by this and wants to take more courses regarding AI.
I enjoyed this course very much. Andrew is a one of the best professionals in the AI field and his explanations are very easy to understad but also have a great technical value.
That was the first course I took with Andrew Ng and I am impressed by his didactic and humility even being one of the best AI specialists in the world. Looking forward for more.
Nice . I got a comprehensive overview of what AI is and the meanings of various concepts being talked about in this context. Excellent course  ! Five stars! Thank you ! Andrew !
Andrew explanations are very clear and he is always keeping the attention at the highest stake. Nice examples, clever suggestions and overall explanation beginner user. Congrats
Very insightful for beginners, teaches right from the cores of AI and how it develops and make sure to give an open ended approach for the subject. highly recommend this course.
Great introduction course to AI.  The instructor explains a complicated topic very well and with easy to understand (and relevant) examples. Highly recommend taking this course.
It's a very good course for people with non-engineering background. Also, Andrew NG is brilliant. He has explained each and every concept so well. Totally enjoyed the learning.
I am really glad to have completed this course. The instructor is really knowledge and explains the concepts in nice way. I wish all the best. Thanks for this beautiful course.
amazing course and enjoy a lot by doing this.I'm technical student of computer engineering student of B.Tech but I took it for learn easily and simply of AI and related things.
Great course from Andrew Ng. Enjoyed learning the AI concepts supported with awesome examples. Highly recommended for anyone who is really interested to understand AI concepts.
The Fundamental concepts are explained very nicely. For the primary knowledge about AI, its uses, and how to implement with certain limitation, one must go through this course.
This is my first experience to go through the on-line study !Thank you very much for giving new experience from me !!  I  would like to challenge other chance continousely !!!
Excellent course for all who want to understand, implement and manage AI projects in any industry vertical. Thanks andrew ng. I Love your lectures and salute to your knowledge.
As a  student I always want to learn something new which not a part of academic courses and coursera platform is best for that and  I have learned about ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE
Excellent class.  I particularly like the way Mr. Ng balances slides and live recording!  I also find that his enthusiasm for AI shows in a very strong way, while still subtle.
Amazing course by one of the distinguished professor 'Andrew Ng'. Taught me the real meaning of AI and its future expectations and how it can help in making people life easier.
Awesome course. If you're an Machine Learning engineer, you NEED to take this course. - Aaron Ma(http://aaronhma.com), CEO and Founder of SnapAuto(https://github.com/SnapAuto/)
great course for non engineers. I am in the medical profession so i have zero knowledge in the  technicality of the subject but i found the course very interesting and engaging
Great course to receive an overview of AI and what it is. very helpful to learn how to deal with biases and discrimination. Looking forward to more content from deeplearning.ai
Excellent course. Incredibly eye-opening and has ignited a whole new fire for learning even more about AI...to the point of potentially redirecting my career path. Geeking out!
An easy to understand and high level introduction to AI, with a lot of good case studies, project planning/pipe-lining advice, team building and a lot more!Highly recommended !
Really well built. It provides an incredible amount of informations without going to much into details but really forming an idea of what AI is and how it can change our lives
Andrew sir really explained well about what is AI. There are many myths I had about AI but It has been resolve after completing this course. Worth joining course for everyone.
This Course introduces you nicely to the world of AI. The Instructor is very nice and friendly! Recommended for the beginners who want to learn  about AI and machine learning.
Artificial intelligence in Coursera for useful for women in the society for all of technology in Coursera for women for University of technology in Coursera for the society's.
I thought , i can't even understand the Basics of AI. But after completion of this course , there is way for me to get master skills in AI having all AI basics in this course.
Great course to dive into the world of AI. The instructor explained well about AI related stuff. Must recommended course for absolute beginners who have no knowledge about AI.
Andrew Ng is an amazing teacher! I really appreciate how simple this course and the delivery of content in this course is! I recommend it to anyone who wants to understand AI.
Excellent introductory course on AI. Gave me insights to what is possible and what is not possible using the current AI technology and what are the potential use cases for AI.
Andrew Ng is an exceptional teacher, and he clearly hits all the key topics. He knows just the right depth to reach to fulfill the goals of this course. I highly recommend it!
Loved the course and the simple way in which Dr. Ng explained this complex and abused subject. This is a must do course anyone interested in this subject, a beginner or a CEO.
Very useful course full of applicable information.  Look forward to more in-depth course offerings which go deeper into the A/I world and how it can be effectively leveraged.
Andrew sir you done a good job,and really it's helpful and we learnt lot of information about Ai,ml ,deep learning it's really helpful for our future projects...thank you sir
Required to set up building blocks in a world that is so fragmented, rapidly changing and heterogenous. Although it is very introductory, mid levels will benefit from it too.
BEST place to start for anyone interested in AI, ML, or Data Science. The course does a great job explaining each of the topics, how they are related, and their applications.
THIS COURSE IS VERY HELPFUL FOR ME. ACTUALLY THIS IS MY FIRST  STEP TOWARDS AI , ML & DL. ALSO ANDREW NG. IS VERY DECENT TEACHER, HE EXPLAINS VERY COMPLEX TOPICS VERY EASILY.
A very comprehensive course  to understand the wider concept of Artificial Intelligence . Thanks a lot Coursers & Mr. Andrew Ng for providing this great learning opportunity.
A fairly well designed and engaging course for non practitioners of AI like me. Does give you sense of direction. Would have loved if there was what next suggestion to learn.
A great course for beginners, who actually want to know what is AI. This course has given me the confidence that even I can learn AI to implement it in my field of interest.
Ciurse structure was really good for beginners like me. A holistic view of what AI is ,understanding of other terminologies DS,DL etc. Very userful course! Thanks Andrew Ng.
Phenomenal crash course on AI. It is very interesting, eye opening and inspiring. I will continue on this topic to explore how I can leverage AI in my own area of expertise.
Very great course giving where great informations related A.I and the way it should be managed for project with the others helper like Machine engineers and Data Scientists.
A very useful course from a great scientist as Dr Andrew Ng. The first step to get to this wonderful science! Thank you very much Athanasios Spyridon TemponerasCorfu, Greece
Mr. Ng knows what he is talking about and he knows how to share his knowledge. It is a very good introduction to thinking about possibilities and how to apply the knowledge.
It was really interesting and threw light on using it for development and limitations of the technology. Deeply impressed by the simple way the entire course was dealt with.
It's a non-technical course, but sometimes also can make a technical person think outside box. Just like the course suggested, everybody should take this course to learn AI.
A great overview of AI and data science that provides familiarity with terms, general understanding of how AI works, and healthy discussion of implications of AI to society.
High Respect for Mr NgThis is for everyone. Good start for me and I am encouraged to go a little bit more. This has given me ideas to think about for my department planning.
It gave a deep knowledge of Data Science and AI. All complex things explained so easily that any layman can easily understand. Only Mr. Andrew can do this. Thank you sir :-)
The course was really very knowledgeable and it gave me lot of new things to learn and understand about  AI in deeper versions. Totally happy and satisfied with the course.
AI course is good and from I learned so many concepts like how to implement AI concepts in my company or college.Now a days this type of course is required for any company.
This is one of the best Non-Technical course on AI. You'll get to know the both sides of AI ( Advantages and Limitations ) and a broad overview of the impact it can create.
Very insightful especially for non-technical people. Andrew Ng is able to explain the complex AI in a simple and easy to understand course. Overall, this is a great course!
it was wonderful basic explanation of AI terminology and basic concepts to start learning. it gives good vision for implementing AI in company and personal projects. Thanks
Nice quick introduction to several elements of AI. I'll be recommending this to others at my company that are interested in learning more without going too deep right away.
Explains in simple words : AI, Machine Learning, Deep Learning and many terms in the field. Good high-level introduction for non-technical people, executives and beginners.
It was really a good course, to build a platform to start our career in AI. I am grateful to Andrew Ng who taught this course and I really learned and enjoyed this course.
This course is not only for engineers, it helps your organizations to become better at AI. it was really good. soo interactive and interesting. its the best course so far.
I enjoyed this course thoroughly. It provided me with a very good starting base on the concepts and the current AI trends. Andrew's delivery was very clear and well-paced.
This course was informational. The instructor spoke clearly and slowly which made it easy to follow. The presentation used was also very helpful in conveying the concepts.
its really an amazing course teaching you the basics of AI , how to think of building a project , or even how to choose the project that may have benefits for your company
Professor Ng has an amazing ability to convey extremely complex concepts in a way that is easily grasped by anyone.   Also a very comprehensive survey of the AI landscape!
Very good course and easily understandable.  The Content is also very explainative and to the point.  Of all the things - Andrew method of explaining is very nice.  Thanks
The course is a gentle build up from what AI is ,  building AI in your company, major AI applications  and  Andrew NG sums up the course highlighting AI ethics in society.
I learned a lot and I am quite sure that it will help me pursue other subsequent courses.  I will encourage others to take this course. It was very informative. Thank You.
Very cool training. A perfect entry level course giving you the fundamentals you need to understand how AI is changing the world and some of the key things to think about.
My New favorite joke is Why they show me shocking results in AI, because AI is the new electricity, Shocking electricity, get it?Go on with the Course, Highly appreciated.
Zillion thanks Andrew for this very interesting course. Coz it gave me a wider perspectives on AI. Wishing you every success Andrew and more participants for this course.
Thanks to COURSERA for giving me this platform to learn about AI and I am also thankful to Mr. Andrew N G for his patient teaching to make things look so simple and easy.
Hello, My Name is Shantanu. I learned in this course how artificial intelligence work. And how data science and machine learning help for artificial intelligence. Thanks.
The course material was laid out & outlined in a very good manner, easy to pick up and slowly increasing pace of having a better understanding. The length was apt as well
Excellent course for a beginner and one who don't have any knowledge about AI. This will certainly help me to think of taking up AI projects in the field i am working on.
Thank You, Coursera team and mentor Andrew ng  , It was good experience in learning AI basic with machine learning.  content and explaination was good and easy to graspe.
Very interesting course and improve my knowledge in AI. Andrew is very experience in this field and always provide simple example to make me understand the course easier.
It's a good overview about AI. I recommend even the AI developers to take this course. It will make you proud and also give you a sense of your roles and responsibilities
Really good high level overview with insights into how AI fits into business applications and the broader business organization.  Also, it's well-taught and fun to watch!
Course design is simply superb. I became fan of Andrew Ng for his excellent teaching skills. Thanks Coursera for offering your support & guidance to complete this course.
This class is quite resourceful and can help everyone especially, managers and executives to make decisions properly. It will surely bring value to your business/company!
Even having no prior experience about AI, this course would give excellent understanding about the subject, Don't wait just enroll and start enhancing the new age skills.
it is a fantestic course and i thanks instructor Andrew ng for such a wondderful course,and it is highly recommended for any beginner in field of ai and machine learning
Thanks a lot for such an incredible course that give an Overview about AI and their applications and techniques, and will open the huge gate to dive down into this field
Its easy to observe through video classes. And tests inbetween a week is convenient for us,  it also encourage our learning. I considered this as the great opportunity .
very easy to understand and clear idea about what ai is and it affects our day to day life thank you Mr.Andrew really appriciate your effort for making us learn about AI
Great course, inspiring and motivating to enter the field of Artificial Intelligence, one that I didn't know I'll be interested in at all! Engaging course, I enjoyed it!
Professor Andrew
Ng did a spectacular job to explain and educate AI in an articulate manner that
would give anyone a solid AI foundation! Fantastic!
Thankyou once again!
The course is very explicit and highlight the area which is necessary as a leader to undestand and make right choices to move forward and be competitive in the Industry,
It's as easy as to understand even by a non technical person. You can understand what companies are talking about AI due to the idea on terminology given by Andrew sir.
Before enrolling in the course, I don't know what AI can do. This course gave me so much confidence and inspired me to dive more into AI. Thank you so much Andrew, sir!
It was all so clear and so well explained. I've discovered Coursera with the because of this course and I'm so grateful for Andrew's work. Thank you so much, Professor!
I really like this course! It was a perfect level for a beginner. It was not boring at all and the teacher did not speak too slow nor too fast. It was very interesting!
A pretty good course to do for general knowledge about how AI can impact the industry and world!! Andrew Ng is by far the best instructor to go for, in the field of AI!
This is an excellent course that validated my understanding of the foundations, practical considerations and ethical implications of artificial intelligence technology.
Thanks so much again! I am impressed how the content was broken down that easily and customized perfectly to business executives / professionals. Keep the good work up!
It was very useful for my internship. When I began I knew nothing. Now, I'm comfortable to discuss AI with my friends and colleagues. Thank you Coursera and Andrew Ng.
Very Helpful to most of the job roles in an organisation. It is best to learn everyone as the title of this course suggests. Thanks Andrew, you are very well narrated.
I find it extremely interesting for the beginnings and as a matter of fact it has given me the drive to initiate a pilot project as well. Let see how it go. Thank you.
This course is helpful for me because of my case study subject is AI(Artificial Intelligence) in Electronic Engimneering.In this Course I have become familiar with AI.
It is very useful and well focused. Anyone can read what AI is all about and can understand key requirements and can very well relate to their domain to start working.
Our company is just completing a Data Science Boot Camp and this is the best course of many that I have taken.  It is very enjoyable, educational and effective course.
It's a great course for professionals (non techies) interested in learning & getting certified in Ai/ML. Enjoyed completing this course by Andrew Ng & scoring >90%+!!!
I hope to apply my skills learned from my Masters in Professional Studies in Development Communication and from being a current Doctor of Communications student in AI.
It's a very informative course. The way sir Andrew clear all the concepts and explain each and everything in detail is very helpful for me. I will do more courses soon
This course is much helpful to understand and everything are deeply explain. Now we understand that what is AI and how AI works Thanks Andrew Ng for making this course
Title of this course matches exactly with the course content. It is very apt to the current AI scenario and would love to see a prequel course after a couple of years.
good course and Andrew sir gave the best knowledge about AI, thank you, sir, once again and as the title of this course...I highly recommended this course to everyone
Wonderful course to make a person well-verse with all the basic knowledge of AI domain. It is also a very motivating course to use and implement AI in all industries.
good opportunity to complete these course and the timing of the videos are smaller time it take few minutes this increses the understability and not boring the stuff.
Concept simplified for easy adaptation of different kind and different level of users. I loved the simplicity in which the concept was explained that helped in demist
such a good course for knowing the importance of AI in today's world and why we should adopt it in different platforms. Recommended to those who know nothing about AI
Many thanks to Andrew Ng for his presentation in this course and laying fantastic groundwork for continuing and forwarding ones work and business into the area of AI.
Excellent course. Presents the beginner in AI with just enough information to appreciate the field and start having meaningful discussions about its different topics.
I found this to have provided a good general coverage of pertinent AI issues; it helped me as a starting platform for pursuing deeper reading into various sub-topics.
Andrew Ng is one of my favorite lecturers.  His videos are informative & have a good paste.  He has a way to introduce even difficult concepts in a simple, clear way.
Excellent course content and the presenter both. This is the beauty of MOOC that we get chance to learn from world class best people. I highly recommend this course.
Highly satisfied with the course structure and the instructor. As the title of the course goes, everyone can take up this course as the first step into deep learning
Details about softwares to be used, an idea about mathematical modelling involved or how to pick up basic AI information on internet could have been provided in end.
I ABSOLUTELY LOVED THIS COURSE.IT'S A WINDOW TO THE FUTURE!! I WOULD GIVE IT MORE THAN 5 STARS IF I COULD.THANK YOU SO VERY MUCH ANDREW!!SUMANT SHARMAAPRIL 20TH 2020
Pretty good overview on how these systems and technologies work. Would recommend it for corporate strategy or for anyone that want to build a mental model around AI.
Allow us to gain a better understanding and appreciation of AI and the various terminologies (e.g. DL, Data Science, Neutral Network etc) that are used in AI domain.
Not only clear and superbly interesting but also inspiring and exciting including many directly learned insights into our nascent exploration and exploitation of AI.
It's very well prepared and presented non-technical course for about everyone, who wants to learn basics of the AI / machine learning. I recommend it wholeheartedly!
I enjoyed this course, it gave me some basic information about a concept that I was not familiar with  - he explains things in detail without getting too technical.
Overview of AI explained nicely. opportunities to apply AI to problems in our own organization and for society. Thank you to Prof. Andrew Ng for a wonderful course.
Quite an informative and useful course for beginners. Do watch optional videos, they're really good. Course instructor, Andrew has designed it quite well. Thanks :)
Great Experience with Coursera . i learnt and completed AI FOR EVERYONE here. i am really inspired from Professor Andrew Ng . Such a nice and professional platform.
It was a wonderful experience to be enrolled in this course and learning new paradigm of Artificial Intelligence and its impact on human society in the near future.
Have learned all the basics about AI. Teacher was very nice. Thank you so much for making this course and helping people to understand this billion dollar industry.
Excellent course on subject. This course is easy enough so that anyone can enroll, so rightly named "AI for everyone". I really learned so many things & enjoyed it.
It was an excellent program - very well explained. Cleared some of the basics / terminology used. Would encourage all to go through all the optional videos as well.
Great beginner course for anyone interested in a basic understanding of AI and its potential broader impacts in the business world and society as a whole.  Thanks!!
The course was effective, well-structured and messages delivered clearly. Truly enjoyed it. Sincerely appreciate the effort taken by Andrew to make this available.
"AI for Everyone" was a great way, in addition to other reading and audiobooks, to continue introducing myself to the world of AI. Can't wait to continue learning!
The way Prof. Ng taught me is remarkably appreciated. I am very happy to do the course under his tutorial guidance. Thank you so much Prof. Andrew Ng and Coursera.
Very well structured for the first or Basic course in AI.Good introduction & it concluded with AI & Ethics. This is very significant & good to address these topics
The course contents, Course expert and his content delivery all were excellent. Happy to be a part of this course. Thank you for adding a good amount of knowledge.
It was a great Experience to learn basic things about AI, I was very much satisfied by the content   of the course and the  way it was taught. Thanks to  every one
This Course Was Very Useful for both Technical and Non-Technical candidates. Instructor Andrew Ng was really great in Explaining different Concepts of this Course.
I have learned new things like AII would like to say thank you Coursera for providing such great platform for new learners. I Thanks again from bottom of my heart.
Its a great introductory course to wrap your head around the field of AI. It can also give you a direction to pursue in AI and can give you a solid starting point.
One of the best courses I have taken by far. Everything from the videos is amazing and informative. It has helped me tremendously. I encourage everyone to take it.
It was an amazing course, professionally handled by Andrew Ng keeping in mind of all the people who were new to AI. A 5 star deserving course. Thank you Andrew Ng.
This course is great for those who are starting to change their careers into an AI. This is a big help for me. Thank you so much Andrew for sharing your knowledge.
Dr Ng is very knowledgeable, it is so easy to follow and understand for those trying to get a proper baseline for further studies. I am very thankful for his work.
Thank you sir for this foundation course, really got to learn lot of new things and hoping to start an Intermediate level course on AI soon. Thank you once again.
ANDREW N.G should literally be the god of AI. His teaching is exceptional. I'm grateful that i took this course. Gonna complete other courses by Andrew NG soon!!!
I loved this course. It was really informative and Mr. Andrew explained very complex and technically advanced topics in a manner that was very easy to understand.
Excellent course and I have benefited a lot from it as a Software Product Manager. Thanks Andrew for simplifying things and thanks Coursera and deeplearning.ai :)
Got a better clarity of AI and its capability of bringing transformation into the society. And also learned about its impacts, pitfalls, limitations and much more
Was provided a lot of insight for someone who never stepped into the field of AI. Definitely feeling a lot more smarter now! Absolutely worth the time and effort.
It was really a nice experience. From scratch i got to learn about AI. Now i feel confident about my knowledge of AI after completion of this course. Enjoyed it!.
Excellent explanation of AI and it's applications for beginners and business professionals looking to gain the best out of AI's capabilities in all walks of life.
Andrew really put AI in perspective, so much that I can see the possibilities and the limitations in the implementation of these technologies in future endeavors.
Andrew Ng you are the best. Thank you very much for taking some time out of your busy schedule to create this course. Hope to see more such courses in the future.
Thank you, Andrew. It was a structured course, useful and well done. It will help me further start my learning in programming, machine learning and deep learning.
Excellent introduction to this field. The professor's approach was paced and articulate. I appreciated that he provided many examples for the concepts discussed.
It's really clear to understand. You will be able to have many ideas about what is AI, Machine Learning, Deeplearning and their connections. Love it! Thank you..
Thank you Andrew, I was able to concentrate well throughout the coarse and now i have a great understanding in the field of A.I because of this wonderful coarse.
Thank you Prof. Andrew Ng. This was my first experience on Coursera and it was excellent to understand about AI and the opportunities that are ahead of everyone.
Such an Amazing course for starting new direction towards AI.Helped me to get my career on next level.Mr Andrew Ng thank you very much for launching this course.
Very educational! I learned a lot from the basic definitions to applications to AI road map to impact on society. Highly recommend this course to an AI beginner.
It is a very good introductory and non technical course on artificial intelligence and it has given me insight of what AI is and what is impact of AI on society.
Course material and concepts are too helpful and easy to understand. Instructor puts all his best effort to explain the concepts. I really learn from the course.
The course material is professional based and it is taught by professional so there is no ambiquity of its relevance and accuracy. I am thankful for the course.
I learned so many new things from this course and I plan on learning more about machine learning and AI. Thank you Mr.Andrew for teaching in such a calm manner.
I recommend this course to be must before getting a deep dive into AI.Because it will shape your thinking at every step while working on AI.I like it very much.
all the key terminologies were well explained.it helped me get a clear view on ai and its traits.i have gained an interest in artificial intelligence .thank you
I loved this course. Mr Andrew explained it in such a easy and beautiful view that in spite of me being from non-technical background understood it pretty well.
Andrew has a way of explaining complex subjects in a very entertaining clear way and easy to understand, this is a great start for anyone looking into AI or ML.
The course is pretty well-explained and well-organized in that it explains most of the things that you need to know as a beginner interested in the realm of AI.
I just love the way Andrew has shared all the ideas and real-world examples and his experiences to emulate the actual thing.I just want to say a big thank you.
Great introduction to AI. The most useful knowledge I gained is what AI is capable of doing and how you can implement that into your current business strategy.
VERY BEST COURSE FOR BEGINNERS IN ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE ,REALLY WELL TAUGHT BY INSTRUCTOR ANDREW NG...I WILL RECOMMEND IT FOR ALL............................
Great content and articulations by the trainer , highly recommended course for understanding AI concepts, how to go about it and implement in your organization
as a beginner it has really helped to understand the pros and cons of AI and given a clear idea of how AI works,how it isuseful,what it is capable of.thank you
My first course with Coursera and I have to admit this is one of the best on line training I ever had in my professional life. I strongly recommend this course
Really good, simple and easy to understand. Quizzes were a great help, they helped me understand the course really well. Looking forward to learn more courses.
So well put together, it truly is AI for Everyone, Thank you for making this topic less intimidating and encouraging learners to continue educating themselves!
Very informative course talking about AI, what AI can and cannot do and how to choose a project with simple case studies and steps to implement via a playbook.
I learned the basics of the superpower AI, the important tricks and the things I need to do to improve myself in this field. Thank you so much for everything!
Awesome course for all those who want to gain insight on how to start with AI or transform one's company into AI. I thoroughly enjoyed all bits of the course.
Got a very better clarity in the field of AI.Many hypes are cleared and now I can able  choose what i need to learn and to concentrate to get betterment in AI
These is very helpful for me and these is very helpful to me for further studies , and what are the fobs in AI by the Coursera (  deeplearning )Thank you  sir
Very good course to get a clear view of AI and its impacts in surroundings and in Society. Andrew provides excellent coverage on the AI basic building blocks.
THOSE WHO WANT TO START WITH ZERO KNOWLEDGE IN AI CAN BE HIGHLY GAINING KNOWLEDGE AFTER THE COURSE IS COMPLETED. EXCELLENT PLANNING AND DELIVERY OF THE COURSE
My instructor Andrew Ng was excellent in explaining the concepts of each and every terminology. A wonderful and I observed a smooth learning transition in me.
This is a great course to get an introduction to AI for someone who has no knowledge about it. It will also inspire you to explore further into AI techniques.
Must take cousre for anyone who desires to dive into the field of AI, this courses gives you the direction you need before getting started with practical work
Amazing slide work, great information and topics flow. will recommend it for anyone with no knowledge, basic knowledge or just curious bout AI.. Thanks Andrew
This course has enabled to fall in love with AI and to appreciate the work of AI in changing our world for the better not forgetting the dangers that it poses
Andrew is a great teacher. His lectures are outstanding and the way he explains the strategies throughout the course was very incredible. Thank you Andrew :-)
best course ever specially for beginners who are interested in artificial intelligence thank you very coursera and honorable sir andrew ng to make it possible
Excellent information, easy to understand with super examples to demonstrate the points.  Absolutely would recommend to anyone, everyone.  Fascinating stuff!
This is the best course on AI for people who have no technical knowledge as well as people who have technical knowledge and want to enter in the field of AI.
Andrew Ng explains very much clearly on what is an AI, and what kinds of projects and how can it introduce to the company and finally the effects on society.
Started with knowing nothing and ending up with knowing how to apply AI in Company.Really the Instructor was awesome in presenting and making me to learn AI.
A very informative course and clears so many rumors about AI. Andrew has explained how realistic AI works and how to transform into an AI friendly ecosystem.
From AI for everyone course ,I have learn many good things.It is very useful for each and every student.thanks to Coursera for giving this opportunity for me
Andrew is a great teacher and explains everything in easy to understand format. Course content and coverage was just the right level to cover all the basics.
It was a great and true presentation by Mr. Andrew Ng. Very good course for beginners.   Thank you very much Coursera. You ignited my thrive for learning AI.
Great course for IT professional to start AI journey. The instructor methodology was excellent. I recommend this course to all who wants to embark AI journey
Learnt a lot about AI! Learnt a lot after a long time - thanks to Andrew Ng's very suave style and ability to simplify concepts to make understanding easier!
Hello AndrewYour training is great: it make complex concepts very accessible and gives me energy to go further. I will also recommend it to my team. Clotilde
It's an excellent opportunity to lear the basic ideas and become a good interlocutor of the technological areas of an organization and therefore create value
It was a brilliant course for a beginner who doesn't know head or tail about AI. I thoroughly enjoyed it and will definitely recommend it to everyone I know!
This is by far one of the best courses I have taken. Very good explanation of topics with relevant examples. A perfect lecture packed course for a beginner.
I get immense knowledge about artificial Intelligence and it's further learning methods.Thanks for providing us a platform to increase our curiousity on AI.
As a beginner, I was so enlightning to know what AI can do and what it cant. I think every beginner should do this course to get a feel of AI's capabilities
Great course. Recommended for everyone. It is good to be aware of the upcoming AI age. It the first step for someone who wants to pursue a AI in the future.
The Course AI for Everyone is really usefull one for non circuit branches and the speaker covered almost all the course content and very suefull, thank you.
This course cleared all my doubts about AI and   I cam to know about Ai projects and Data science projects work flow. very very informative this course was.
It is really a wonderful experience for me to watch and hear from such an eminent personality. Honored to hear from an experienced and knowledgeable person.
This course is too good and helps to get basic understanding of what AI is and its importance. The topics were well organized and handled by the instructor.
Great course to get a big picture view of what is AI, decipher the buzzwords and start understand the impact of AI as well as use cases. Highly recommended!
I suggest it for who is interested in AI but have no idea on where to start or have no one to guide. Its very useful basic course on AI which anyone can do.
great strcuture, very good overview with good examples, can already use it for daily business. I already recommended it to my team to make this course, too.
Fantastic overview of everything one needs to know about AI for non-practitioners. Andrew is an incredibly talented professor, and loved taking this course.
This curse really helped me in understanding what actual changes are going to be held in our world in upcoming years and why everyone should be aware of AI.
Learned the concepts behind most of AI buzzwords . Have a good understanding of what it takes to become AI engineer and what problems AI can & cannot solve.
Great and well paced course for beginners.. The trainer has explained the concepts really well and his expertise can be seen with the examples he quotes...
Highly recommended! This course provides a basic concept of Artificial Intelligence, very suitable for everyone who interested in this exciting technology.
Hii.Thisi is the very useful for what is the AI and i have learnd so much in this course, and I like this course. And improve more in the course THANK YOU.
Clear & Simple course that makes understanding AI easy as ABC with loads of  practical examples, eventhough there is a deep dive in many technical concepts
Thank You for providing an excellent course for beginners. Now, I got confidence to move in the world of AI. Special thanks to Course Instructor Andrew Ng.
I loved Dr. Andrew Ng explaining how AI is the electricity and how companies can strategically use AI for their advantage. Thank you so much Dr. Andrew Ng!
One of the best online platform for learning. The teaching methodology is simple and the content is also great. You learn more in a shorter period of time.
very informative good way of presenting real life scenarios from AI perspective. Definitely recommend everyone to go through the course "AI for everyone"
Andrew was great as usual and particular so by keeping the descriptions not too technical but enough to understand AI and the related topics as ML, DS etc.
Excellent way of learning really impressed,the topic which i supposed difficult to learn ,now its more easier than before,Thank you coursera and Andrew Ng.
The course was excellent! Very easy to follow and extremely applicable to business users. I learned quite a bit and feel more prepared for my everyday job.
Amazing course. It helped me learn a lot about AI and its terminologies. Thanks Andrew for this wonderful beginner course :). Looking forward to much more.
It gave me a very powerful insights about how AI is applied in companies. And even the course content is very well organised and explained in much detail.
Very good AI intro for non technical people. I recomend this course to all people I know. I'm sure AI for Everyone will hep them to develop their careers.
Having Andrew as a teacher is best thing of any coarse, and the content of this coarse + the well explained lecture gave me a best time doing this coarse.
Since I already know about AI, this course brief me the best of AI that I have not heard of some of the aspects like real life scenarios.. Nice Time here.
It was a really informative course and I can dive deep into the world of AI. Also the instructor, Sir Andrew Ng was great in explaining all aspects of AI.
It was easy to learn all these think here and the faculty was really excellent.Its a good option to take this course in building a career in AI.Thank you.
I had learned this course with plethora of examples however i had visualized how a machine thinks to simplify our routine repetitive day to day activities
This course has given the good information about the AI, with various examples like speech recognition and learned about the smart car how AI can be used.
Ai was a black hole for me before, with this course I have a better understanding and knowledge about AI, very easy to understand, and good for beginners.
Excellent and balanced introduction to the world of AI, machine and deep learning, and technology about to change the world the way we know it. Thank you.
The best place to learned anything Coursera is best of best . this is the best leraning website i ever see in my whole life     .  thanks to team coursera
Simple to understand and easy to follow...This course helped me understand the broad perspectives of Real-life implications of AI in the corporate world.
Great introduction to AI. Despite it doesn't has practical exercises the course explain in a very complete way how to apply AI in small and big projects.
This course gives a very good basics and understanding of AI and its application. This is a good starter for anyone who wants to start their career in AI
it was an excellent course for the beginners. And if any one are interested in learning  in AI. keep going on for further courses related to AI.THANK YOU
If someone wants an intro to what is AI, what it can or cannot do, what are the steps involved in the learning process this is the best kickstart for it.
AI course is very interesting and the example given in the course made easy to understand the concepts.I would request others also to take up the course.
Course was of outstanding quality. Andrew Ng has created very easy to understand teaching format that result very effective to learn. Highly recommended!
This is the best course for beginner. Many Student not know what is AI But working on AI. After completion  of course I know what is AI, Machine Learning
Great AI Opening material. I recommend this to everyone in leadership, or hope or plan to be in a leadership position in any organization. Thanks Andrew!
Learned A lot about how new intelligent things work and what are the buzz words. one of the best instructor in the World. Very happy to be a part of it.
Great introductory course to help discuss AI with technology focused colleagues in more detail without getting stuck in the technology, Would reccomend.
Wonderful course.  The way the course was structured, explained, and tested, very good for a beginner to gain confidence in this subject.  Thanks a lot.
Thank you for the great explaining and examples. This course provided me a better understanding of AI and I believe it will help me a lot for my future.
AI was part of my college syllabus and I completed it with good grade .But it didn't teach me what AI really is whereas this AI For Everyone course did!
The title is apt as anyone from any technological background can take this course and makes you aware of the actual AI happening in the world at present
It's not a long but very useful course. It gives the most important information about AI nowadays. It's good for the first step or non-technical people.
Professor Ng explains the course content in a way that is easy to follow and understanding. I will definitely enroll in another course of Professor Ng.
it is very good course to attend especially in those days where all taking about AI. so every one should attend this course to understand more about it
It meets expectations set by the title.  This is a helpful overview for anyone who wants to understand the nature of AI and how it fits into our world.
The course was really good. Explained all the concepts in a simple manner and hence we could learn at ease. Examples were also provided where required.
A large amount of relevant information and knowledge are well organized and clearly presented/articulated to a very broad audience.  I enjoy very much.
A good introductory course to those who have never done or haven't done much with AI. It was exactly as the course description said it was going to be.
A must course for everyone taking his first steps in AI, and also or those who already work in AI and want to get their basics balanced and structured.
Very informative course on basics of AI, explaining, what kind of technology that is, how it works and how can it change the world. Thank you, Andrew!
great course to get an overview of the AI with an understanding of the future of it. Well designed course with impressive teaching skill of Andrew Ng.
Its a very beautiful course and I love the instructor his way of learning, his knowledge. If the course is of Andrew NG sir then its going to be best.
This is an excellent and comprehensive beginner course for anyone interested in AI. Should be a mandatory subject at GCE "O" Levels. Thank you Andrew.
it is a very good course about trending technology which is AI. I would like to thank prof. Andrew Ng for giving such precious knowledge about the AI.
Thank you Andrew Ng , you are a really good Teacher, and your job will not be replaced by AI , hahaha,Thank you once again , Ma Sha Allah , Good work.
I felt I knew a lot about the basics of AI, yet I learned so much more in this course across many other domains. Great content and highly recommended.
Effective insight for anyone interested in AI and trying to get a general understanding of how AI can be used in various walks of life and industries.
Exception content and outstanding delivery!! :)  :DI really learned a lot from this curse and would like to continue the journey with deeplearning.ai.
Thanks ,Andrew. this coursera help me learn the basic knowledge of AI. I will continue to learn other coursera about AI until I can use it in my work.
A fantastic resource for anyone looking to begin learning some of the key terminology and concepts in AI, as they apply to business and everyday life.
It was a great one, for me who have no initial knowledge about the AI , this course made me to further more to learn about AI and achieve great in it
A very interesting and insightful course that will certainly be vital in the upcoming stage of any budding business professional's ladder to success.
That's a perfect course that I've taken for a first time. Andrew Ng expand bright horizons for humanity about AI with this course, thank you so much!
Enjoyed this! We hear AI all the time and going through this course give you a better idea of what it's all about and the terminology. Thanks Andrew!
The title truly justifies the content of this course.This course is a prerequisite for anyone trying to navigate his/her way into AI.Amazing content!
Fantastic overview of AI.  Everyone should take this course to get a foundation in the technology that will be the most disruptive in our generation.
Very informative and interesting yet concise, perfect for starting the subject without prior knowledge and starting to get to grips with the subject!
This was a really great course to explain the basics of AI. Andrew Ng is very good at illustrating what he means so that you understand how AI works.
Great explanation by Andrew Ng on how AI is changing things. Recommended for everyone, even though for those who doesn't have a technical background.
Thank you for the  excellent course Andrew, democratisation of the AI/DS/ML is key & your attempt towards that through this course  much appreciated.
An Excellent course with simple modern day examples to refine every concept that is needed and everything was covered beautifully by the instructor.
Explanation is clear and what I expect to learn... Not too much information but enough for me to understand AI as new to this technology. Thank you!
Thank you so much for letting me to gain more knowledge regarding the AI system in very short period. I hope I can more understand the AI in future.
This was a tremendously insightful experience. I am grateful for all the knowledge taught, and I look forward to being a more effective leader in AI
Lovely Course ...A beautiful insight into the world of AI, everyone out there must take this mini-course just 6 hrs long course of good information.
A must watch course for best understanding of AI as how it lies in our daily life and how it can help in growing us by making world a better place .
very informative and for a first timer, it gives an edge to gain enough knowledge so that he or she can easily communicate with an AI team very well
I really enjoyed this course. Andrew Ng made the topic so straightforward to follow and made it extremely interesting. I am keen to learn even more.
great course, Andrew explains the concepts of AI in a very simple and straight-forward manner and provides a great intro class that is well-rounded.
This course exposed me to the importance of having an AI expert in a company and how I can function as one with the knowledge I got from this cousre
An excellent introduction to an often very opaque subject. Recommend for all technical leaders, even if you don't yet have an AI initiative running.
Fantastic course, I started the course knowing nothing about AI and feel empowered so comfortable about the subject and can't wait to dig deeper. :)
I absolutely loved this course. and I would recommended it to anyone interested in AI. Clear, concise and structured, Andrew is a very good teacher.
Good overview of AI concepts, techniques, business value, technical limitations & ethical concerns. Explained by Andrew Ng in a very accessible way.
Well structured course for even experts of AI to understand how to provide value for business without solely focusing on solving problems using AI>
Very good intro course to AI with simple messaging - it's the future.You will pass the 4 quizzes easily and there are no projects! It's for anyone.
It's been wonderful experience learning, it's more thoughtful and enlighten enough for every learner to gain more insight in their field or courses
Easy to follow and understand as an introductory course. Would recommend to anyone looking into the machine learning/artificial intelligence field.
Wonderful course for a person learning about AI or a professional refreshing their knowledge.  Wish there was another course afterwards to start...
thank you for the nice and engaging introduction to AI. I found that these videos are easy to absorb for someone with no AI or computer background.
Very insightful. Thank you very much! I know now a lot more about AI although honestly I actually never been interested in learning AI. No regrets!
Great job Andrew! you have done an excellent work in explaining all the difficult terms and concepts of AI and I got a comprehensive idea about AI.
This course is very useful to know much information. There are many simple examples  which picks up enthusiasm to students and learners. Thank you.
I really enjoyed the training.  I am thankful to Andrew for making the course interesting, simple and relevant and with lot of valuable information
IT IS VERY SIMPLE TO UNDERSTAND AI CONCEPTS FROM THIS COURSE.GIVES BASIC INSIGHTS ABOUT AI.VERY HELPFUL.THANKS ANDREW NG,DEEPLEARNING.AI & COURSERA
VERY INFORMATIVE WITH A SIMPLE LANGUAGE AND EVERY ONE SHOULD KNOW THE MINIMUM BASICS OF AI THANK YOU SIR AND COURSERA FOR THE WONDERFUL OPPORTUNITY
good for an AI learner to take up . Real life examples and analogies given are excellent and simple. Instructor explains in a crystal clear manner.
It was very informative, Good thing about material was its very simple and easy to understand with its step by step method technique by instructor.
This course is very helpful to me to get a knowledge to how to implement AI Machine learning and robotics and how AI is helpful in different fields
The course was quite usefull. Many doubts on AI terminology are clarified.  I now got a clear idea on AI and how to start an AI project. Thank you.
Informative and well-structured course. Andrew has done a fantastic job of making a complex subject like AI seem interesting and easy to understand
Fantastic Beginner course to begin with, i can say my interest in AI has increased because the clarity i got from this course about this technology
Course let me familiar with fourth Industrial Revolution and make me more interested to look for some hands on course so i get familiar with tools.
Very informative and inspirational material. It covers not just the knowledge of AI, but also its effects in Society which is very crucial to know.
but practical work is missing .if you can make team ever students make team and learn practical knowledge then it was amazing and more interesting.
I have learned the basic idea of how the AI works and its limitations and may help many beginners like me to have a greater good from this course.
Great course! I feel like now when people talk to me about machine learning I know what they are talking about it. Thank you for your explanation.
This is course is very germane for those who want to venture into AI. I appreciate mostly the video contents and the structure of the whole course
An excellent course for everyone who wants to gain a general understanding of what AI is. My first course at Coursera and it was totally worth it.
This course was very helpful. Now I have a better view on AI. Andrew was very friendly. I felt very comfortable learning from him. So,  five star.
An Excellent and a great start for everyone trying to learn AI and its aspects. Thoroughly enjoyed and learned a lot along the course progression.
Thanks Sir Andrew Ng. You are too good in explaining concepts, only 1 issue that i feel the sound was little low. Except it, everything was great.
A good overview of AI for non-technical people.  Provides some fundamental terminology and ways of thinking about the effective application of AI.
This course helped me to understand basics of AI. Now I plan to take ML by Dr Andrew Ng. He is humble and polite and also can tell great jokes :).
Brilliant course and very helpful to start an AI. It has given me a good kick start and relate to what am doing in my team and in my organization.
Excellent course for the Business Executives to learn about AI, well structured to explain the fundamentals of AI without making it too technical.
It is one of the best course and very encouraging one to get the knowlegde about AI. I highly recoomend this course for as many people as possible
Excellent course. Thanks for offering this excellent course. Please add content / design a course on how to, and what to learn for a career in AI
Very good course on learning effectiveness of AI models especially when one wants to identify and start AI initiatives for any  customer projects
Very good speach, good understandable, profound basics on AI/ANI and machine learning with giving hints on setting up projects and avoiding traps
Andrew is such a great inspiration. I liked his way of teaching and the structure of the course. Very pleased and very glad I took this course :)
Great content on AI for folks who are just getting into this space. Love the real world use cases to share with executives on what to do vs. not.
This was one of the best course on AI I have attended so far. The instructors knowledge on the subject is commendable .. Thanks a lot Andrew Sir.
Very good refresher on AI for leadership team. It provide very good clarity & best practices from Andrew's personal experience. Suggest to attend
This courses is best to understand All non-technical terms of Artificial intelligence. And clear all jargon words use in Artificial Intelligence.
The best course you can get on Coursera to get a basic and general idea of AI and understand the dimensions of AI before going to technical work.
It's the course which worth to a newcomer in AI domain and learn the fundamental basis in knowledge of AI , ML and DS fields. Thanks to Coursera.
Great course for mangers, leaders and team members looking to understand how AI can benefit your organization and what you can do to get started.
The course provided the overall overview of "What exactly AI is". This course also includes the detailed overview of Machine learning technique.
Professor Ng teachings were inspiring and on point, looking forward to other courses from you on AI. I am glad I took this eye-opening course :)
This is very good course for those who are starting to gain knowledge of AI. This course have great explainability and it is very knowledgeable.
This is an amazing course for those who want to get into AI (who have the knowledge or don't of AI). Thank you coursera, thank you Mr. Andrew Ng
It is a theoretical content, but all the examples that Andrew gives us make the course very interactive and understandable. Thank you very much!
This course give the right amount of information regarding AI. After this course I now have a better understanding of AI, ML, Data Science, etc.
Very informative, easy to understand. Mr Andrew give a clear flow of chapters to learn and each video are kept short. Thank you for your effort!
Great course. Content is very well structure, topics are concise and direct to the point, practical examples are given with accessible language.
Thank You Andrew and Coursera for such an insightful course. Thoroughly enjoyed and have certainly gained confidence on working  on AI projects.
This course was very informative and explained in the simplest language AI terminologies. i understand the concept better and its applicability.
Clear Objectives with the best examples provided.. The main features I liked was each topic was concise and point to point really easy to learn!
Very useful course for an overall understanding of AI and its applications. The fact that is was delivered by Andrew himself made it invaluable.
Just like every other course from Andrew Ng, loved this one too! It's always great to learn from such a pioneer in AI. Wish to meet him one day.
It was indeed a very good course. I was able to learn the basic knowledge and applications about AI. Thank you so much for such a great course.
Andrews Ng. is  very good at explaining the concepts for easy grasping which gives me the listener a clear understanding. Thank you Andrews Ng.
It was really fabulous to gain knowledge about AI ,how it works, its strength ,capacity and what is the future in AI.THANK YOU sir and coursera
The course provides a basic yet comprehensive view of AI and the contents have been explained diligently with many examples. Thank you, Andrew!
Right step to start AI. It helps me in understanding the concepts of AI and how it is going to impact the Technology industries. Great course!!
Awesome. Addresses several real life issues that we live working for a AI company, trying to make this technology generate value for the world.
This course will be helpful for the beginners, who have interest on AI. In this course we you will also learn about the other parameters of AI.
It was very informative and easy going course for all who have some interest in AI or want to build career in AI. Thank you coursera and team .
Useful for all backgrounds. No specific requirements for starting a course. Quiz questions are good and jumbling of answers is a good addition.
The course had enabled me to understand what is AI,ML,Data Science and how and where these can be implemented. The videos are very explanatory.
I had no idea about AI before I enrolled in this course but now I have a good information about it. Thanks to everybody involved in this course
Thanks Andrew. You taught AI, in a simple way....without knowing even definition of AI, I could understand and I am glad I made correct choice.
Great introductory course to cut through the hype. This course is great for beginners who want to understand the potential of AI in businesses.
Hight level view on AI but really complete and useful  to understand how to apply in projects and how to do an AI transformation in out company
Amazing course with an amazing teacher ! I recommend this cours to all CEO, VP, managers and professionals in all industries Thanks you Prof Ng
It is a really nice course which covers the basics of AI and gives a clear and straight understanding about what actually AI can and cannot do.
This is a great non-technical course for everyone who wants to gain an insight into an AI organization's working and an AI project's structure.
This an excellent course to learn the basics of AI for just about anyone. I would recommend this course to anyone that wants to start using AI.
Covers everything a beginner should know about AI and makes the learner confident to dive further into AI. It was a great learning experience.
Very nice and interesting course for beginners, I recommend you to join this course very easy language and easy to understand the basic of AI.
For beginner its one the most useful course. As AI is the leading phase of our generation, this course provides a very clear overview about AI
This course helped me a lot in learning what are all the issues related to AI, means what it can or cannot do, how it can help economy and etc
The course is totally worth for someone like me who has no knowledge about AI. And Andrew's teaching skills come a long way. Great job Andrew.
Course was very much useful in understanding the fundamental concepts of AI. Being hyped the term AI, this course explained really what is AI.
Great course. Perfect introduction to AI.  Andrew NG is a wonderful teacher, he motivates you to learn more about AI.  Thanks for this course.
My comment would be the same as others, it's my first course of choice the instructor taught flawlessly and the content was superb! Thank you.
Very interesting and informative! I have a much better understanding about AI, and feel much more comfortable to talk about AI related topics.
awsome course got knowledge AI ML how how it works .with a great mentor great opporunity,thank you coursera team for this knowledgeable course
It was an excellent experience to learn and have a basic knowledge of artificial intelligence and how it works.Mr Andrew has done a great job.
The course gave a very broad view of how AI is and will be affecting our world. What it is bringing with it and what limitations does it have!
It provides a basic step for a great beginning in AI, excellent introduction of AI, which establish deep interest towards AI and it sub fields
Very well curated course for a large audience. It changed my perspective about AI and understand it in a much realistic way. Thank you Andrew!
Andrew is a brilliant teacher, complex concepts are simply explained. Indeed a course for everyone as a great getaway to AI. Highly recommend!
This course makes me understand more about AI. The instructor is knowledgeable and professional in his area. A big thumbs up for this course.
Very easy to follow & good course for understanding the basic  AI concepts,  applications and future potential of AI for humans and society .
This course gives an excellent overview of AI. I like the way Andrew explains the concept and technology by taking an example from real life.
excellent course every one must do it. I sincerely appreciate coursera and deeplearning.ai for providing this valuable course for all of us .
AI for Everyone enables to start thinking about AI in real sense. Very interesting course. Awesome instructor. Thanks for adding this course.
Great explanation which clears out misconceptions regarding AI and provides crystal clear information on how to implement AI and it's future.
Excellent course for helping to introduce AI to anyone even slightly interested in what AI can do and how it could benefit you and your life.
This course helped me a lot. In these 4 weeks, I've learned many new things about AI and I'm glad that I took this course. Thank you Coursera
The course was quite easy to understand on the top level of AI. Highly recommend to anyone who want to hear something true about AI industry.
I personally find it very useful and well explained about AI, it roles and impact to society. Thanks to Andrew NG for this wonderful session.
Andrew Ng is a very good teacher. It is very interesting to find out more about AI, ML, DS, DL on very simple examples. Recommend to pass it!
Interesting course, Andrew NG does an excellent job of relating the possibilities and challenges of AI in a manner that most will understand.
Great overview of key concepts and techniques for non-tech. Feel more confident about being part of an AI conversation in my team. Thank you!
Exceptional course meant for those who know nothing about AI and great way to start towards learning what it actually is. Thank you Andrew!!
Excellent experience in learning AI and now I am relate few things how to use it for my project especially the GANs - Thank you Mr.Andrew Ng
Amazing course to start with. TBH I had zero knowledge about what AI is, now I have pretty much of idea about it. Instructor is just amazing
The course had helped me a lot to start my AI career and it gave me a good overview on AI. And to lead my company to build AI in my company.
If you're seeking introductory, practical knowledge of AI, this is a great course. It was engaging, practical, relatable, and well designed.
Very good introduction to AI. Andrew explains it very clearly and at the right pace illustrating his speech with visual examples. Excellent!
Brilliant course. The material was really well explained and the examples provided allowed me to fully understand the topic being discussed.
Best Course on AI. Highly Simplified. Even a layman can get the basics of AI after completing this course. Andrew Ng made this complex topic
I actually had a great journey and experience. thank you for providing this opportunity. I think this learning will help me in the long run.
Very Informative course regarding AI technology . I can definitely implement some small project in my day to day routine & repetitive work.
This was an amazing experience with AI first time. I am really very much interested to go deeply into the field of Artificial Intelligence.
A great introduction to what AI is, what it can do and its limitations, its impact on society and how to think about AI in a strategic way.
its very usefull ,the instrocter , ANDREW NG  is also so expressive and giving importance  for the student  to be understanding............
Very well explained.If you want a basic knowledge of AI you must take this course .This course will surely be the first step of learning AI
I absolutely loved this course, I plan on taking more!Professor Ng made this easy to understand and quite interesting! This was indeed fun!
Best course about AI for improving your business. Thank you very much SIR. I really appreciate your hard work. This course helped me a lot.
The course was so much informative and helped me understand the non-technical aspect of Artificial Intelligence very clearly and precisely.
Easy to follow. Andrew makes it very compelling to listen too and learn from. Very rock solid first entree point into AI. Thank you Andrew.
A very good introduction to AI and its effectiveness. I have been able to relate it and know would like to take a "Deep Dive" :)Many thanks
Excellent course. Well structured and with a lot of practical examples. I highly recommend to anyone interested in Artificial Intelligence.
I have learnt AI many many years ago but have no opportunity to deploy AI.This is a review of what I have learnt and a life long learning.
It is a very helpful course, in line with current progress in AI. thank you for making such a short course with so much necessary details.
Truly excellent. Thoughful and enlightening explanations and a wonderful introduction to AI (for non-math majors and the like). Thank you.
Excelent from the topics to Andrew's capabiltiy to explain all the concepts in a very understandable way for non technical person like me.
An excellent, absolutely fascinating course I recommend everyone to understand not only AI in your industry but how the world is evolving.
This AI for Everyone course gives me a clear insight about its overview of  technical aspects in regard with  implementation in business .
Professor Andrew Ng did is his best to deliver what AI is, though Explainability is hard in AI but in case of this course surly it didn't.
Enjoyed the course thoroughly and learned a lot. Andrew is a great teacher, demystified AI for me and motivated me to learn more about it.
Efficient and interesting class, you learn a lot just in a few hours. Very good introduction (and more) to AI, that any leader should take
Great course, concepts are explained clearly and with relatable examples. Very recommended if you want to start to learn what AI is about.
Very useful overview of AI, covering many topics and core elements of ML. It really helped 'connect the dots' between what I already knew.
Andrew i must say this is perhaps one of the best course that anyone can do to understand the fundamental of AI and related technologies .
I marked this course 5 star as its fun, explicit, and highly applicable for real life. I'd recommend it to anyone who is interested in AI.
Amazed by the clear structure of the course and the simple and effective explanations and examples. Andrew is a great professor. Chapeaux!
Excellent course! I learned what an AI is, how to structure an AI project in my organization and the impacts of AI on society! Thank you!
one of the best online course .and also the course was taught by Andrew sir that's the best thing i am are very blessed because of that .
very nice course. it brushes up the basics of ai and also gives insights about importance of ai in economy society company,etc. thank you
It was a fantastic experience for me. This course made me able to give my reviews about AI. All I can say is Thank you so much Andrew ! 
An excellent instructor who has so well organized and structured the course to be vibrant and interesting even to a non-technical person.
Excellent course, give a clarity on what is AI, ML, Data science  and its uses. Also gives an idea on its development and uses in future!
I learned a lot and new from this course and happy at acquiring this valuable certificate last but not least thank you Coursera community
Very interesting and informative for a person like me who is not a technocrat. Made me more eager  to learn about AI and ML. Thanks Prof.
This is really an interesting course that train an individual in AI . It really helped me in understanding AI in a simple and better way.
Very informative Course by deeplearning.ai. I am really glad to achieve this opportunity to find my way of life. Thank You, Sir Andrew Ng
This course is very interesting. The instructor is too good in his way of explanation. The course is very easy everyone should try out...
It's nice to learn a lot about AI and have learned lot more than ever before.Thank You very much Andrew sir for the valuable information.
At first i don't have any idea about this technology through coursera i learnt a lot of stuff about this technology thanks to coursera!!!
Amazing experience and so proud of having done the course. Many thanks to Andrew NG for the outstanding course and teaching capabilities!
Andrew NG you are a very good teacher, I am addicted to your style of presentation. It is a great course covers all basic concepts of AI.
Privileged to take this course by Andrew, he is an excellent trainer. Concepts explained very well with real-life and relatable examples.
Great piece of knowledge about AI, ML, DS, building AI team, AI transformation, as well as running AI projects in company. Really useful!
It is an excellent course for beginning to AI. The topics in the course are explained clearly with real world examples. Thanks Andrew :)
It's a really good introduction for getting to know some key aspects of AI and how it could influence enterprises and society as a whole
something i learn AI. It is useful for student project and data manipulating Thank you for Providing such a wonderful lectures thank you
This course would make a great AI awareness training course to be included with an organizations required annual awareness trainings.
Its a very good course recommended to everyone whose job is Associated with AI in any way or can be impacted by AI in forseeable future.
Awesome explanation.I have learn about many concepts of AI.And i experience how to select an AI project and learned the importance of AI
Very Good Course .It has given me a basic knowledge about AI and how would i accept AI in my further academic life or professional life.
Very nice and good pace of learning. A practical on job spam filtering or image recognition example would add more insights to learners.
It was amazing knowing this side of AI. It was non-technical but equally important. Loved the entire course. And never felt like boring.
Ai for Everyone is a greta course! I take classes of machine learning in college, but now the ideas behind the math is much more simple!
Informative and well taught. It's a privilege to have been taught a course by such an experienced and storied professional as Andrew Ng!
I started this course with no prerequisite. Now, this course made a platform to learn complex AI and machine learning. Thanks professor.
Great introductory course into AI. Time well spent and feel extremely motivated to continue deepen my knowledge within the subject area.
Very good overview of AI that even touches on the different fields/jobs within the AI category.  Lots of information in a small package.
It is an excellent introduction to the field of AI. It does provide the general picture without focusing too much on technical details.
A must do course when beginning to upgrade your skill in AI and ML. This is the first step you should take while starting your journey.
Excellent course! I would have liked to receive a bit more technical information instead of focusing the fourth week on AI and Society.
Face recognition  ,Machine learning,robots voice assistants,we cover the latest advances in machine learning neural networks and robots
Thanks a lot for explaining various terms in AI and sharing how these principles are applied to self-driving cars and similar examples.
Thought I had knowledge about AI before. Turns out I know nothing. This course helped me learn a lot. Thanks Andrew and deeplearning.io
it was great course for career as well as learning.i learned some many thing from this course thank you so much for this amazing option
Andrew is a great Teacher can't praise him enough, the course is non-technical yet he created a great understanding of AI in our minds.
Systematic and crisp dive into the world of Artificial intelligence . Highly recommend  for both  technical  and non technical  people!
I am glad I took this course. I helped me picture AI and what AI industry is about. I thank Andrew Ng for putting all this up together.
It's an amazing experience while learning with Andrew Sir.Their teaching style with examples is very awesome,I Like it!!Thankyou Sir!!
I could actually understand how A.I is going to impact on the future and it really helped me understand the importance of learning it.
Very good introduction to the topic. With it, I've learned all the basic things and concepts of AI, and also a bit more. Great course!
I very good course. Every Student and Employee of each industry whom is interesting in AI or he needs of AI , should take this course.
Great course to get a strategic overview of AI. Even though I am an AI practitioner, I learnt a few important concepts in this course.
Excellent overview and introductory to AI. Must read for people who wants to explore AI and reinforce what they already know about AI.
Thank you for giving me such a wonderful opportunity and also thanks for  providing free  courese to students during lockdown period .
Very well done.  Instructed nicely paced the material and was both knowledgeable and insightful.  A great place to start an AI journey
Great introductory course with good insight on the future of AI and things to consider when developing AI solutions for your business.
Excellent overview of AI.  Demystifying AI, ML & DS.  Great overview of AI in the world today, and how it will develop for the future.
Well structured course that gives an overview of Artificial Intelligence and it's uses for people are new to this term and technology.
This course is my first completion one. Get a high level insight of AI in an interesting way. Highly recommended and thank you Andrew!
This is a basic course to start for understanding AI. Prof. Andrew explained the intricacies involved in AI and how to go about AI pro
Everyone talks about AI lately and there are many misconceptions, now I truly feel as though I understand it on a level that's useful.
Amazing content! I have refreshed some basic tech concepts about AI and also getting a broad view about AI for business + development!
I've been sharing the link to this course with anyone who I know is even remotely interested in AI. It's a must and a fantastic start.
Sound quality could be better. This course is an awesome intro for those who tried to get into AI, but couldn't cope with mathematics.
It really helped me in understanding how AI will work in future and what impacts it will have on economies, societies and individuals,
This was an amazing course, it has given me a way of introducing AI in a company that did not have it, without making grave mistakes.
By this course I got a brief insight about AI, where it can be used, what to do, what not to do. A very good course and I enjoyed it.
Wonderful and very helpful course. Thank you to Prof. Andrew Ng for a 
wonderful course and educating the world to be a better place.
Andrew, I deeply admire you. You are transforming the world through education for the better. You are an expert in strategy and AI!!!
Very informative, useful for bridging the information gaps of someone from the technical side and someone from a business standpoint.
Very informative and easy to understand. It helped me to wide my horizons on the topic. Thank you for providing financial assistance.
It was very good course.I don't like coding before this course but now I want to learn coding and do AI projects.Thank you Andrew Neg
A great course to get an overview of AI.The instructor gave many real case studies to get a clear cut idea about what AI actually is.
Great course as a starter to AI. The professor is a top talent in this field and teaches in a simple way so that anyone can undersand
Excellent course for a beginner and for everyone to start thinking about how to use AI strategically to gain a competitive advantage!
Very good introduction to Machine Learning and AI. Thanks Andrew for your efforts in making basic AI knowledge available to everyone!
I learned a lot after going through the lectures of Andrew NG. It is quite scintillating and informative if one is really interested.
Excellent course. Instructor is easy to follow and really simplifies understanding of AI and makes the topic interesting and relevant
it was a great opportunity to take this wonderful course. I really appreciated knowing much knowledge and skills to apply in my area.
I learned a lot about AI in general and I am in a very good position to go forward . As always, Andrew was fascinating in the course.
IT WAS REALLY INFORMATIVE AND I LEARNED A LOT OF NEW THINGS FROM THIS COURSE. THIS IS A REALLY INFORMATIVE COURSE FOR EVERY BEGINNER.
Short and sweet course superbly presented by an outstanding tech expert. Looking forward eager for next courses. Thank you very much!
Love this course! I also like the way Andrew explains with concise, clear messages as well as real world examples. Thank you, Andrew.
AI For Everyone is a very interesting and engaging course that gives relevant examples and makes learning of AI an enjoyable journey.
Great course and very well conducted. For someone that know very little about AI, this course provides the right depth and coverage.
Excellent introduction to AI. Andrew makes it easy to understand and motivates me to try to implement AI in what I am already doing.
Very insightful introduction to AI and what the future hold regarding this growing industry. I hope to position myself well in this.
Brief and simple introductory course. Good for anyone with less background in AI technology in order to progress in further courses.
The  couse serves its purpose very well. Clear presentation and  examples generated good understanding.Top marks for the instructor!
Very helpful and well explained.  Now I have a better view of what is AI and its usage for the upcoming future. Thank you very much.
This course was really useful for knowing so much regarding AI and it made me even more interested that i want to know more about AI
Explained about AI in a very simplistic manner and gave key examples from his experiences that were enlightening and were relatable.
The design of the course is really appropriate and Andrew makes this course all the more fascinating. He is really a top instructor!
Never got bored during this course and also it was really interesting that infact i completed the course 12 days before the due date
An interesting course, for a person from a non-technical background, it is a good course to learn more about AI. I enjoyed doing it.
Very useful course for the beginners of the new emerging technology AIIt gives an idea about what to do regarding AI in your Career.
AI For Everyone is the great course.This course clear the some main concept of AI.It provide the good step to turn in AI technology.
It is a great course for learning what AI is about, and the best practices to start applying AI on personal or professional projects
Thanks Andrew!  Well done in putting this course together.  Very helpful.  Hope we cross paths at some point.  Best regards, Stewart
Excellent course for getting a good understanding of what's AI is, what AI can do and can't do, bias means, AI project playbook, etc
I highly recommend this course it is  really for Everyone. Andrew Ng, thank you for an excellent presentation and explanation. Ewa M
Thank you Andrew for this very informative course! I recommend the course to executives as well as a starting point for AI beginners
A great non-technical course into the worl of AI. I would also suggest this course to technical people, computer engineers and such.
Very simply put and gives one the conceptual clarity on AI and its working plus possible application, limitations, process flow etc.
need to do this course if you want to know what actually AI is and how it is implemented and used throughout the world. cool course!
I learned a lot in a very short period of time that is highly applicable in thinking/understanding AI and its current/future impact.
Thank you Andrew! I've been learning a lot from you. I wish I had taken any of your courses in person when we were both at Stanford.
Best Course for beginners. The speaker Andrew is well qualified and explains every thing in the easiest way possible with examples.
It was truely a great experience learning AI for everyone with cousera;Thankful to our colloge for giving such a golden oportunity!
Thanks for the basic course on AI, i learned lot of new area's in AI. Once again thanks for the great effort to put up this course.
probably the best introduction to AI - Andrew takes the effort to distill the concepts for easy understanding. highly recommended !
Very well put together and delivered with great professionalism.  It is unlikely Andrew need worry about being displaced by AI. :-)
This is a very good beginner course for AI. This really helped me getting to know the AI busting some myths around AI.Thanks,Sriram
the course was very informative. it covered almost every aspect of AI and that too in such simple manner. Thanks a ton to Andrew NG
Very informative and provides a strong base level understanding of AI and its applications.  Presented in an easy to follow manner.
most probability we learn and improve us knowledge with coursera.org its greatest site give chnace more then learn by easily there.
Excellent and must do for everyone who are working in Data science or ML, irrespective of Experience, levels, education background.
This course is very fantastic, good for basic learners. All details are given in this course video to know more about AI knowledge.
An excellent course to give professions from many disciplines the basics of AI and an idea of what it might be able to do for them.
Excellent Course. I never knew where to start from. This course was the one that gave me a direction and showed me the way forward.
Recommended for any one, Who want to get clear idea about AI and Practice limitations whether you have technical knowledge or not.
It was a wonderful course which gives a clear view of how AI works. It's explained in a very simple way and is easy to understand.
Very great introduction to AI and how everyone, no matter our background and profession, can take our first step into adopting AI.
These video and course had given me an initial boost to start learning an AI system and adopt the change and its factors in future
Its awesome course where u get an overview of AI,  ML and the data science. Its limitations What ai can and can't do and many more
A great course to get an highlight on AI, its application and effect on society.It is more of a Theoretical course than practical.
Previously I don't ABT AI but now I know abt AI what it can and cannot ,how it will become more and more effective ..... thank you
Thanks Andrew, it was indeed a a wounderful journey thoughout your session and those valuable insights in building up an AI system
Perfect and gentle introduction to AI, without digging too much into the technical details (which will come in subsequent courses)
Prof. Ng, thank you for this excellent course. I enjoyed it and learned a lot. You are a terrific teacher. And I like your ethics.
It really helped in understanding the complex terms in a very comprehensible language and that too from an expert. Thanks so much.
It was a honour to attend this course. Andrew was a high professional lecturer and was able to bring his message across with ease.
Great course, starting at the basics and diving into the matter with a very experienced and well-communicating teacher. Thank you.
The best unbiased and honest basics you can hope for in any growing subject, which is still a question mark for most.Thanks Andrew
Brilliantly delivered course for anyone who is interested in the application of AI and possibly using AI in their work / business.
It is very impressive how Prof. Andrew made possible this course to be explained in the easiest possible way. Definitely worth it!
very good overview of AI. helps to get over the hype and understand with realistic view of its impact on near and long term future
Learning good insights about AI. Explanation by Mr Andrew Ng is very clear and systematic approach of completing all the courses.
Teaching very very deep concept thank you Andrew Sir for teaching ai Thankyou coursera for provide the great course by Andrew sir
It's always been a pleasure to learn from Andrew. This course gives me a clear idea about AI in Business and how to implement it.
This course is very interesting and important. So lecture videos are very clear and they can be easily understand. Thank you all.
Excellent explanation with brief examples and summation of all points giving a in depth general idea regarding the concept of AI.
The course instructor is literally awesome. Thank you very much Sir Andrew NG for guiding me through the preliminary steps to AI.
very informative and innovative course. Learned alot from this course and will recommend it to others who r new to this AI field.
Thanks Andrew, really appreciate this amazing course, its very insightful and will refer more of my friends and colleagues to it.
A great insight into the emerging field of AI, it's potential and limitations. Bingo, Andrew you have done a great job! Thank you
Thanks for providing this excellent course for the beginner. Some opinions are really brain-storm and update my acknowlege of AI.
really learned a ton and gained enormous respect for the intelligence, character and teaching style of Andrew Ng.  Thank you sir!
I would love all our management in the company I work for would take the course. It would make my working life so much better :-)
Andrew Ng does an outstanding job of explaining AI to those who are just starting to learn about it. Excellent pace and material.
Hi Andrew,What an amazing course and I must say your teaching skills are great. Thank you for creating this course. Regards,Rajan
The course is just perfect for the introduction of AI. You must do this this course before implementing. Thanks for financial AID
Excellent course.  The pace of information, organization of the curriculum and the knowledge of the presenter were all very good.
Great course content. Excellent communication and presentation of the material. Easy to follow and informative. Highly recommend.
Very informative course on the principles of AI. It discuss on many aspects of AI, including its uses, benefits and limitations.
I have found this course among the best Courses and best explanation , and this course will boost my skills and knowledge power.
Very easy to understand. Instructor is greatly knowledgeable on the field and explains the topics very well and comprehensively.
It is a very useful course for beginners. By taking this course, one can know what to expect from AI and what is the road ahead.
Thank you Andrew .N.G sir for sharing important knowledge about AI.I reccommend every AI aspirant to take this wonderful course.
the deep explanation and simplicity of examples make it more useful and informative best because of  andrew ng sir just awesome.
There is not doubt that this is the best course on the internet on AI. Thanks a lot for sharing your valuable Knowledge with us.
Excellent course. Andrew demystifies AI in a way that even a person with zero understanding of AI understands AI! Thanks Andrew!
Very good overview of AI and this course has provided me with useful frameworks for piloting AI projects within my organisation.
This course is very useful and i understood how companies use AI and how it is going to change everything in future.Thank u sir.
This course is well prepared for technical and non-technical person, and if you're new to AI than I highly recommend this course
Great AI/machine learning overview for non technical people. Andrew delivered the content in such an easy to understand context.
Very knowledgeable teacher. The course is filled with real world examples that facilitate understanding of key concepts. Thanks!
very useful and at the right level to raise the understanding and curiosity towards AI. Quick enabler to start with AI concepts.
Great Course to understand the reality of What AI is cable of and it encourage any one to kick start without much tech know how.
Thank you Andrew Ng for sharing your knowledge on AI for everyone. This course was incredibly informative and was a joy to take.
The course was a great start for anyone wanting to get an idea of why AI is the new electricity. I highly recommend this course.
Great content! If you really want to understand what AI is about beyond the hypes of the social media, I recommend this course.
Would gladly suggest this course to anyone looking forward to starting off with AI as well as plans to pursue entrepreneurship.
I really enjoyed how Andrew explained everything and energized me to try yet another course - he is definetely the master of AI
Good, helpful course to provide me distinction between AI,ML, Data science etc and more information of what AI can or cannot do
This course is fascinating and very well-designed. Easy to catch up and learn basic ideas about AI. The must for all newcomers.
IT HELPS ME A LOT !!! THANKS FOR YOUR SUPPORT ON EDUCATING AND ENCOURAGING STUDENTS LIKE US.THANK YOU ANDREW SIR AND YOUR TEAM.
Anyone who wants to know what is 'AI' in practical generally, Come and see this lecture, you can meet an excellent guide to AI.
It gives a clear view on how AI and ML actually works in every part of the society like in companies and in an individuals life
Amazingly informative. How easy and effective explanation was it. The whole course went like a smooth-joyride. Thanks Coursera.
This course has helped me a lot to get into AI world, very directly. For sure It's such a great path to starting over AI world.
100% recommended!!! Andrew's class is very easy to digest and comprehend, I look forward to start using in my life and career!!
Loved every minutes, very concise and well selected topics. Got me interested to get involved going forward. Thank you so much.
Great introduction to AI and didn't require a large investment in time. Will definitely be diving deeper into this subject now.
Excellent course and better explanation.  Now I have a better understanding of what AI can do and can not do. Thank you Andrew.
Amazing course with depth learning material. I learned a lot from this course and will surely continue my AI leaning in future.
Easy enough but also quiet informative for someone on the business side starting to understand AI impact and potential adoption
Over all its good course to understand basics of AI in depth. I acquired good knowledge after going through the complete course
a nice introduction to the AI concepts, and an hands-on approach to help managers to understand how they can enter the subject.
Really a nice course for anyone who is new to Idea of AI and what it means, what it the potential, who are the challenges etc.
really i was quite impressed by andrew nag sir..one of the finest teacher in online.we expect more from u sir..love from india
The Instructor(Mr. Andrew ) was the best instructor up to date.Through this course, I have learnt well about the basics of AI.
This is very useful course to know about Artificial intelligence how it's worked and how we can change on it or develop of it.
It is a fantastic course for a beginner covering all aspects of the AI.And a big thanks to Andrews to teaching what the AI is.
Was wonderful experience to learn from Andrew. I hope I will go further with other specialization courses from deeplearning.ai
Simple and short yet instructive and effective - great general introduction to the field of AI and its applications. Thank you
This course is very helpful to know about the AI and data science and machine learning  and terminologies of AI in society..:)
I felt extremely happy to complete AI for everyone course,AI surely will play important role in every sector in coming future.
Excellent course for newbies ! Explaining the basics of AI very well meanwhile keeping a good critic about what can go wrong !
This course help me in my Course which is organized by Presidential Initiative for Artificial Intelligence & Computing (PIAIC)
Best course to understand the basics of AI, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing and Deep Learning ( Neural Network).
Good explanation and clarify the concepts of Artificial intelligence including machine learning, deep learning and about data.
This course is really really helpful.Sir Andrew Ng has awesome teaching skills.Thank you so much Sir Andrew Ng and Coursera!!!
I'm very satisfied from this course and I'd want to take more courses in future to make me expert in AI. Thank you so much! :)
Best introductory course on AI. Andrew has done a really great job at keeping the course friendly for non-technical audience.
Good for have an initial perception of IA and even for persons who also know  about computer science but are beginners on IA.
Said "AI for everyone", explained CPU, explained GANs, explained them as good as needed - sounds like AI for everyone to me !
Very insightful and useful if you want to gain an overall and very practical view on AI and all buzzwords associated with it.
explanation of each topic is very good.Also,AI for everyone focused on present appeared topics ,and provided needed solutions
It was a great time learning from this course. Thankyou Coursera and the instructor for this opportunity. Thankyou very much.
Wonderful experience with Prof.Andrew Ng. I am grateful to his valuable lectures and eye opening words. Thank you once again.
VERY GOOD COURSE... andrew sir is a really good instructor who explains in a really lucid language with very simple examples.
Andrew is a great teacher. He is personable, highly qualified and explains complex concepts with simplicity. Would recommend!
Andrew Ng Sir is great. This course taught me many practical aspects of AI and motivated me to take AI specialization course.
Really nice intro to deep learning. Perfect on 1.5-1.75x speed. Great for anyone in the formative stages of their AI journey.
A good starting point to understand what AI is about, without I wouldn't have know whether to move to "deep" learn it or not.
Excellent beginner's course for AI. Andrew has presented the comprehensive content in a very understandable and empathic way.
Very Interesting fun course to take to learn about the basics of AI and how its used, recommended for beginners in the field!
The course which teaches the non-technical foundation of AI and defines the boundaries of AI. This course will get you going.
a great course i would say to start off in AI. it offers both technical and buisness deligence to the overview of current AI.
Very informative course from expert in this field Would recommend for everyone who are exploring AI and want to get overview.
Professor Ng presents AI in a clear and engaging way.  I'm excited to continue the AI-journey due to this outstanding course.
I learned more in this course than an entire semester in college. Thank you for this course I hope to see more just like it.
THE WAY OF TEACHING BY MR. ANDREW  WAS AWESOME AND WITH A VERY POSITIVE ATTITUDE TO MOVE FORWARD EVEN WITH THE LIMITATIONS..
I am from senior management from IT giant, this course gave a great insight for me to transform ourselves and lead in AI era
I acquired basic and fundamental knowledge about AI and how it can be useful to daily human life and also for the companies.
Wonderful course. I have gained enough knowledge about all the basics of AI. It's a good start on a solid ground. Thank you.
Thank you coursera for giving such a great start. undoubtedly this course has given me necessary knowledge to start with AI.
the course contents are very much informative and the instructor has been delivered the contents in a very effective manner.
Really Good Course For Someone who wants to get started into this filed or even someone working around people involved in AI
Course was good and well structured with complete walk through regarding Limitation Exception and Steps to make integrate AI
I know now about why I need to learn about AI and how I can build my own AI company. All the concepts beautifully explained.
Good introduction to general topics about AI. Users can take the build on specific areas that are introduced in this course.
appriciated to this course which tell me about the AI from beginning . I am motivated to do further courses related to this.
A great course to overview various aspects of AI and its impact. A must course for anyone starting or already working in AI.
An excellent introduction to AI, explaining concepts, characteristics, capabilities and applications, with impact on society
Excellent non-technical overview of AI. Great and relevant content delivered in a simple way by Andrew. Highly recommended!
Amazing course to clear all doubts and stereotypes for/against AI. Very helpful for a person with non-technical background.
I am so thankful to this site to teach with such enthusiasm , especially thanks to Mr. Andrew Ng. He is such a nice person.
I had a very good learning experience in this course. In this course I gained knowledge on how AI works and its importance.
Great content with very clear descriptions. Easy to follow examples that are a good representation of the topics explained.
This course is help full to improve knowledge on artificial intelligence an upcoming technology to improve things using AI.
Thank you so much for this wonderful course. This course was helpful in gaining knowledge regarding buzz words like AI/ML..
Excellent examples throughout the course that are explained in a super simple and easy to understand manner. Thanks Andrew!
Woow amazing i am so Lucky to gain this course learn lot about AI and best course to  start learning AI thank you very much
Its a wonderful and informative course provided by coursera about AI where a beginner like me get much information about AI
Immensely valuable for business/project leaders who want to create foundation on identifying and working with AI projects!!
Highly recommended Course for getting complete knowledge on Artificial Intelligence..It was a very good learning experience
Great point to start understanding AI, is very soft on technical knowledge, but I think is useful for everyone as they said
Very benefitial and to the point discussion in the videos. Alhamdulillah learn many new concepts. Thanks Andrew Ng Sir!!!!!
First time online learning experience and it was a great one. There are many things that I hear or learn first time. Thanks
This class was easy to understand and very informative. Andrew does a great job of communicating the essential information.
Very good quick course, i could not stop watching a video., it's addicting. I complete first week class within a day + quiz
Very informative course  and nicely explained. This course is suitable for all , no matter from which background you are !
Great Introductory course for AI in for business decisions, technical prepareness, and grounded considerations to society.
Wow! Such a great course and mentor to explain each and everything logically and clearly.Thank you to you too Mr.Andrew Ng
extremely helpful course. Even I am an engineering student but I did acquired plenty of knowledge about AI in this course.
The explanation and the organization of this course content are exceptional, it is always fun learning from Mr. Andrew Ng.
An excellent and well articulated introduction to AI supported by good examples and easy to understand practical soltuions
A very good course that gives a high level understanding about AI, building an AI company and about societal issues of AI.
I have become a fan of this course and Andrew ng. Very subtle, insightful talks. His speech has a magic. Thank you Andrew.
It is still a high level, yet very insightful course. Recommendable for those who want to have a non-technical view of AI.
great way to learn about AI. I am impressed about how Mr. Ng can explain something that complicated in such an easy manner
Very clear and precise information about the subject matter with good realistic examples. I enjoyed this course very much.
A really intelligent and focused opportunity to learn the basics of AI and be prepared for the next step in an AI journey.
It was informative and explained with easy terms without using more technical word. Inspiring to move forward in AI world.
Prof Andrew Ng has explained the course in such an easy AND engaging manner that its almost impossible not to complete it.
This has been a first "stage" of a "learning curve" about AI, a great experience I would recommend everyone to do. Thank's
This was a thoughtful introductory course which really cut through the hype. As a teach AND a student I really enjoyed it.
Very detailed course and it really helps in basic understanding of AI and how it works. Look forward to next phase. Thanks
This instructor gives a very good introductory course on AI. I would recommend this to everybody...as the title suggests.
very nice course in this platform.I thank my institution and Coursera for this brief course.I feel I learn something new.
The examples provided were very clear and easy to understand. The content is well presented based on the target audience.
Very useful! It explains all the basic concepts of AI and how to incorporate them in a business. All very well explained!
This is a very insightful course about AI. A perfect introduction and the requirements needed to work on AI are all here.
A light course that is easy to be understood, bringing you new and basic paradigm to put AI into business transformation.
its a nice course n sir andrew ng explained everything clearly.this course gave  me an interest of knowing more about AI.
The instructor is well versed in his field and has given the students a thorough and deep understanding about the course.
This is an excellent beginning class on AI.  It was the perfect beginning class.  Thanks for putting this class together.
This course is very helpful to get the knowledge abut AI. I am very impressed from Sir Andrew Ng for his way of teaching.
Great experience to learn from such a fantastic platform which provides better understanding and with real life examples.
Thanks Allot andrew ng, for making this course for us. Cleared Allot of concepts about data science and machine learning.
I really enjoyed this course. The lessons are interesting and range in AI-related topics that I knew little about. Thanks
Dear Andrew Ng, You are best teacher which everyone already know but the thing people may not know that you are the best.
Very good start for me on AI. Excited by the course and would like to deep-dive into deeplearning. Thanks Andrew Ng...!!!
Excellent course and hoghly recommended to all aspiring AI Leraners.The only course that builds confidence on learning AI
Thanks Andrew / Coursera for this brilliant course. A section on what should be the next steps is required in the course.
A wonderful teacher, gently makes this topic accessible to anyone.  A great overview and understanding.  AI demystified.
I understand this more than I learnt on campus, and of course, I really enjoyed this course. Thank you, Mr. Andrew Ng :)
this course is very useful for beginners and the professor is also very good in explaining by using real world examples.
A course which covers a basic understanding of AI. this course is quite helpful for me for a general understanding of AI
It was an extraordinary experience to take this course, in order to incorporate it into my previous university knowledge
really had a brief info on what engines are used in AI..not very brief but had a collective info..this really impressive
Great for revision. Gave a nice overview to help me get started again. This four week course can be easily done in a day
I have learned a lot. It is per my requirements. I have learned something new on Coursera. I enjoyed having this course.
excellent course which gave the real insight of AI with positive and negative aspects, and how to willing to overcome it
Excellent introduction to AI, it's opportunities, threats and how best to approach AI as an individual and as a company.
Extremely good for business professionals looking to develop some insight into AI implementation and the future of work.
A great and complete overview of the AI potential and challenges by one of the best pedagogue in that field (Andrew Ng).
Easy to digest overview of key AI components and what companies should be considering now in preparation for the future.
I enjoyed this course greatly to get started learning about AI.  the material is well designed and delivered.  thank you
Like the course description says, this was an awesome general introduction to the world of AI and I am glad I took it :)
I think this course is really good. It helps everybody in an organization to know what is AI and what can and cannot do.
It is an excellent experience with this AI for everyone.Thank you for teaching sir.I think It is very important to all.
Awesome course, not recommended for those who are looking for advanced A.I but definately one of the best intros to A.I
It was wonderful to know about AI and how it affects present jobs and many more.Advantages and disadvantages of AI too.
One of the best course on AI and without any doubt Andrew Ng is amazing. Looking forward to have more from You(Andrew).
quite informational and in-depth learning of concepts like machine learning , data science and artificial intelligence.
My first real forage into AI and it was and will be extremely useful information enhancing my current and future roles.
Loved it for its simplicity in explaining concepts in easy way complimented with examples which we see on a daily basis
Very good high level overview of what AI can and cannot due plus how to best put it to work in reality inside a company
Very impressed by the content and presentation by Andrew Ng. Andrew you are doing a great job and God bless you always!
Thank you for providing a teacher like Andrew who helped me in learning all that i could about Artificial Intelligence.
This is an awesome course. It is not too much techniques details, but the overview, the strategy in AI are very useful.
I loved this course! It was concise, easy to follow, and full of interesting content that I can apply on a daily basis.
Amazing course! It provides clear understanding about AI in today's world with concrete examples. Definitely Recommend!
The instructor is amazing. The course was extremely helpful and I achieved all the outcomes mentioned at the beginning.
Great overview from a managerial and business level. Very quick way to get updated ( I was able to complete in a week).
The course was extremely helpful and enjoyable which tells the AI software learning as a whole and help to develop it.
I loved Andrew's teaching style. Even if you have no idea about AI, you can learn by listening from him. Thank you! :)
A very good course for getting started on your journey of Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and Deep Learning.
Straight forward way to learn baisc AI. Recommended for those that are looking to start to understand this technology.
Perfectly structured & clearly communicated material. Andrew Ng'c course is my benchmark for the online   courses now.
This is an awesome course to starting the journey with the understanding of AI. Thank deeplearning.ai for this course.
Excellent course for the beginners in AI. It help to understand the concepts of AI and the way to apply AI in Business
Excellent introduction to AI, explained in clear and simple terminology. A great basis for further study in the field.
A great introductory course. People without any prior knowledge would greatly benefit from this. Strongly recommended.
Great course to learn about the non technical aspects of AI. Everything was explained in a very easy, digestible way.
Awesome course. Me being a beginner was able to follow each and every aspect very well. I am very much satisfied 
Thank you for your great presenting, it's very useful and the instructor make the lectures more easier to understand!
Excellent teaching approach - pace, clarity, illustrations, concepts and definitions.  Andrew Ng is a superb teacher!
I am very fortunate to undertake my first course on AI and learned handful information to chalk my career for future.
Very good start for the beginners as I have no IT background but with this course, I can understand it easily. Thanks
Excellent video covering all aspect of AI, now I am comfortable with all the terminologies and what they actually do.
Excellent and easy-to-understanding AI overview, literally for everyone. Never be disappointed by Andrew Ng's course.
IT WILL HELP ME THAT HOW AI IS GOING TO BE A REVOLUTION FOR OUR WORLD AND HOW I HAVE TO CHANGE MYSELF ACCORDING TO IT
This course is a must for any CEO, everything is explained very clearly and it is easy to relate to the business side
This was the best AI beginner course I have taken. Amount of information in every video was just right. Not too much.
I'm very thankful of Coursera  who have given me a chance to win this certificate by providing me there financial add
Very interesting course to get a first insight about AI technology and tools. It is very well explained, I recommend.
I really enjoyed while studying and giving exam online it was my first exam which i gave online had a good experience
Great introductory course. Lots of examples. Learned a lot and I hope I can leverage this technology moving forward.
I am new to AI, this course helped me understanding AI and AI terminology better. Looking forward to learn about AI.
A great course covering the basics of AI. The various terminologies have been explained well with relevant examples.
I am very happy that I took this course and completed successfully. Very informative and the instructor was amazing.
A good Technical knowledge on for beginners  in the field of  AI as well as in Deep learning, Machine learning  too.
This is an excellently paced course for someone who is not very familiar with the niche details of Computer Science.
It's very interesting and I learned a lot about artificial intelligence Thank you coursera for this wonderful course
The material was well written and videos were very helpful in learning this course.It makes very easy to understand.
Andrew Ng is one of the best professor.I have ever studied under. Thanks for making this course interesting and fun.
It's very usefull to know the current knowledge on artificial intelligence.students gain knowledge on data science .
If you're new to the field of AI and want to understand it then this course is the perfect start you could hope for.
Thank you for make this courseI have got skilled a lot of  from this course and kindly make the advance course of AI
It has been interesting and fun learning about AI. The lecturer does is enthusiastic and makes this course engaging.
An insightful course that covers various aspects of AI and gives an appetite to continue learning and practicing AI.
I really enjoyed this course and felt Andrew was a great instructor. I would highly recommend this course to others.
A Very wonderful course which gave insights about AI in our daily life and how to use it to build a company using AI
Very good course to understand AI, to begin and involve with AI related strategies and activities across industries.
Andrew is a compelling advocate of AI and most importantly the ethical application of this new form of intelligence.
Very informative and helpful for acquiring a basic understanding of AI and for getting ideas on how AI can help you.
Its a very informative course for the non technical person. The videos are easy to understand. Thank you Andrew Ng.
A clear cut idea about what is AI and what it can and cannot do has been given. A very useful course for beginners.
It is an amazing course for beginners and people who want to start their journey in Artificial Intelligence domain.
Great high level overview of content, followed by quiz that ensure an overall retention of the content.  Thank you!
For a starter in AI , it's really a helpful course to start.Explained and Described magnificently by the instructor
Excellent. Could you atleast let us take the quiz & get our scores (if we dont want to pay for the certificate yet)
The course on AI for Everyone was very informative and I learned a lot. Thanks to Professor Andrew Ng and Coursera,
This course help me to understood the basic concept of AI and help to learn further concept of AI.....Thank you Sir
I really don't know any of AI, but this is perfectly good for beginner to know what is AI. Thank you for teaching !
Explained very well with simple and easy to understand analogies. This Course motivates you to learn more about AI.
This course is excellent course. This will be useful to the students who likes to know about advanced technologies.
Great basic course for anyone who wants to understand the hype around AI.Andrew is a great and influential teacher.
The course was quite exciting and it can help people to learn more about AI and how to contribute to an AI Society.
This course has provided me the best insights of an AI system, I couldn't be more thankful.Thank you so much Andrew
It's a MUST in order to grasp properly what AI is and what isn't and how to establish an AI for your company needs.
Great course. Thank you @AndrewYNg. This will give confidence and lead and support a company making progress on AI.
A very informative course on AI..!! Must-watch for everyone who wishes to know about AI and its probable effects..
This is a very useful and informative course. The concepts were well taught and explained with real time examples.
It is very informative course. When you finish the course, you sure that you have considerable knowledge about AI.
It was very fun to learn about AI and I believe Andrew Ng to be a great teacher. The explanations were very clear.
It is a well-structured course which gives a pragmatic picture and encourages its participants to keep on learning
It was my first step towards Artificial Intelligence . And now i am confidence to take my second step towards it .
It is really an awesome time going through this courses . I enjoyed  it alot and I will be again going through AI.
the best teaching ever .thank you so much professor for giving knowledge about AI with so many wonderful examples.
i learned much about an AI which i. Thank you so much Coursera And  sir Andrew Ng to give such knowledge about AI.
The course was very helpful for me to get an idea regarding Artificial Intelligence and also highly recommended :)
It was easy to understand and covered all the relevant topics of artificial intelligence at an introductory level.
Excellent course, recommended for everyone. Very clear explanations, nice examples, great investment into yourself
Great for any business professional to understand what's that Artificial Intelligence and how it could be eaten :)
Material is communicated at the right level for a non-expert, but present important concepts everyone should know.
thank you for giving me this opportunity to learn more about AI.this will be very useful for my skill devolpment .
Interesting course! Gained a good general understanding of the AI, where can we use it and where it's hard to use.
This is, by far, the best introductory course of Artificial Intelligence. Andrew Ng is the best teacher out there.
Excellent instructor with amazing knowledge and an exceptional ability to explain things so easily, Thanks Andrew.
One of the best coursera courses I have ever taken. Great knowledge and applicability in any industry.  Thank you!
Great explanations for business people and engineers to know what AI is and where it can be an excellent solution.
Just as expected by Mr. Andrew. Excellent course. Definitely recommended for Non-techies but also for tech people.
I have a too interest in ai but after watching this my interest gone tooooo...I love itThanks for support and help
Excellent course for business people wanting to learn about AI. No formulas, no code, just high value information.
Thanks coursera for ai for everyone this is the best website for learning Thanks Andrew Ng you are a great teacher
It's a very good course for beginners. The professor was very cool and the method of teaching was very attractive.
I love the way Prof. Ng explained the course. It's easy to follow, and doesn't requiere a technical skills at all.
Thanks! I enjoyed the course and now have a better understanding of AI's capabilities, strengths, and limitations.
Another brilliant one from Professor Andrew Ng. Great course for everyone interested in AI, highly recommended :)
The course was very well organized with clear and simple explanations. Examples used were very easy to relate to.
This course teaches you everything to start out your journey in the field of AI yourself or in your organization.
Great introduction to AI and especially appreciated defining terminology that is commonly thrown out in the news.
Very well structured & scoped.Would recommend to anyone whosoever is looking an holistic understanding around AI.
This is an excellent course for getting knowledge about What we can do with AI and What we Can't.Excellent Course
This was a good experience for me to learn the AI for everything .Thanks for the opportunity for joining courses.
This course is the best one for a beginner to understand the concepts of AI, Data Science, Machine learning etc..
A wonderful Course, Sir Andrew Ng is equally Wonderful Being. Enjoyed His beautiful exposition of the Topic 'AI'!
This is the best course for beginner and even professionals who want more information about the actual AI and ML.
I was very educational And i personally recommend all to use this platform and make your steps forward to success
Very useful course that help me to figure out what AI is and how I could address my job to start using AI at work
Authentic and well curated content for an introduction to the world of Artificial Intelligence. Thanks Andrew Ng.
Nice basic knowledge, Good to know how to build a team.. What AI can and cannot.. :-).. Happy & Keep Learning!!!!
One word about this course is it's really good.It totally makes a person think differntly towards AI technology.
Excellent Course for knowing the overall basics everyone should know about AI. Much appreciated and recommended.
w can learn what is the basic of AI. Combining Ai with your domain, you can achieve the best. Informative course
This is a very good Course for a very Beginner who wants to know the field of AI and what are its possibilities.
Great Introductory Course for AI. It gives helicopter view of AI and also explains how AI is growing industries.
Wonderful tutor. Content is very lucid and a will be a great choice for a beginner. I really enjoyed the course.
Mind-blowing class!  I am a newbie to AI and his class helped me to build a great amount of understanding in AI!
I have learned many things about AI . Also I can tell my friends about it . Also I can start my projects on AI .
Fantastic for every one who wants to be familiar with the atmosphere and fundamentals of AI industry. Great job!
A clear introduction & guidance into AI. Loved it!  It can be tailored into AI-101 for academic curriculum also.
Very nice and informative! This is mostly useful for those who just want to learn some general perspective on AI
Very nicely explained by Andrew and this is really helpful to kick start my journey of learning AI.Thanks a lot.
Truly informative intro to AI. Answers all the questions about AI and some you likely haven't thought of before.
Special thanks to the instructor. The course information was aptly selected, well timed and perfectly delivered.
It help me a lot and provided me the overview of AI and what it can/can't do. I'll continue to dive more into AI
Andrew has a gift for explaining complex concepts in simple terms that most people can understand and relate to.
Great foundation course which covers all aspects.  Thank you Stephen for such an enjoyable learning experience!
very well understand this course and it's helpful to understand the concept of Artificial Intelligence  easily.
Absolutely amazing course. Helped me grasp AI concepts very easily. Well done by Sir Andrew Ng.Thank You Sir!!!
Perfect course for beginners, this course is very informative and this motivated me to take more courses on AI.
Very simple and self explanatory. Understood the basics of AI concepts clearly and What AI can do and What not.
This course is very good. This course teach me lots of thing and now i am confidante to learn more about a.i. .
Course provides a great insight to the AI technology.Special mention to the Superb teaching style of Andrew NG.
It successfully explains the power of AI,its Future scope,and what you need to do if you are interested in  AI.
Short video clips help beginner easier to learn, review and understand.  Thanks a lot for AI For Everyone team.
Thank you so much for this very clear, concise and inspiring course! It's a fantastic first introduction to AI.
Great course for anyone (junior or senior) to see a completed view of AI industry. Andrew Ng never disappoints.
Exactly what I had been looking for. A great overview of AI in both technical detail and business applications.
Very good introduction to what AI is, what it can do, its potential and its current limitations and weaknesses.
This is a very good Introductory course for AI, and get ready for more challenges next, in a lifelong learning.
Very impressive and informative.  Would certainly revisit course as a great source of reflection and reference.
Super important for everyone to do this course and understand the basics of AI and what it means for our world.
Great course, easy to follow. Does a great job at at clearing misconceptions and defining what AI is all about.
It was very educative and also the facilitator, Mr. Andrew was very explanatory all through the course duration
Great course, exactly what I was looking for and it has motivated me to continue learning about AI.  Thank you!
Most Useful course for Beginners and AI Enthusiasts. Looking forward for more courses like this one. Thank you.
Thank you to all of you for building such an awesome course and helping us more to learn about AI in real world
Great introductory course on AI! I enjoy it and want to learn more from Andrew and his deeplearning.ai! Thanks!
Simply love Andrew, very good teacher and his good jokes make this course not too dry but very entertaining! :)
Along with a Ng's book "Machine Learning Yearning", this course is a perfect choice for managers and students.
Loved the subtle humor from Prof. Ng and all the little touches that made this course feel alive and personal.
As an undergraduate student, this was a really helpful course for me to learn more about AI, thank you Andrew!
Its really good...I so interested in learning artificial intelligence and i understand now. Thank you coursera
Very good course by a wonderful instruction that gives you a great foundation into AL-ML-DL. Thanks so much!-)
This course is helpful in developing basic understanding on AI and facets attached to AI in its growing stage.
A very good introductory course where you learn the concepts, applications and the impact of Machine Learning.
it is very useful course so that we can understand easily.Thank you so much sir for providing this opportunity
Very useful to beginners with clean explanations and helps us to get started with understanding what is an AI.
its a new course to me . even then i got to understand it because they are explained so well by Andrew Ng sir.
I love this guy. He has a very calming voice and it feels relaxing listening to him talk & explaining about AI
Great introduction to AI from business case, can't stress enough how a wonderful teacher Andrew Ng is. Thanks!
This course is very informative, Superb knowledge, examples are related to daily life and hands-on experience.
Really good course, full of study cases that help you learn easier and understand everything. Great teacher!!!
Very good non-technical course. Highly recommended. Take out some time from your schedule to take this course.
Very informative with technical information that is not too boring or difficult to understand. The lecturer is
As I am student of Computer Engineering, here AI for Everyone helped me a lot to polish my knowledge about AI.
It was very easy to follow this course. Structured, clear explained and presented. Congratulations, Andrew Ng!
If you want the big picture of AI then this is the course !It really built up my passion to go for AI.Thanks !
Andrew is a great teacher, loved his analogies. He makes the topics easy to understand and has great examples!
This is my first success with prof Andrew NG. I want to see more courses from him in this level of difficulty.
Very insightful introduction to AI in the context of businesses and society. I am inspired to explore AI more.
Anyone that has interest in the future and how AI will impact countries and companies should take this course.
Excelente Course !!!!!!! Confirm all that I know from AI, Andrew NG ... I will charge you my pat on my back :)
Really good course, everything was understandable and it was only a joy to go through this course. Thank you!
A fantastic head start for anyone willing to take a dive into the intriguing world of Artificial Intelligence
Here you can learn all tha basics,fundamentals and specifically how you need to think  for a batter AI model.
This is indeed an interesting course! I have a better understanding of AI, machine learning and data science.
Excellent program to get an overview of AI ... Andrew presented the concepts and illustrated them very well!!
A perfect point to start to familiarize yourself with AI. A vast range of topics, well and clearly explained.
Great course. I've learned the basic of AI, it's applications, advancement, and limitations from this course.
Best course to understand AI from Basic level. I think everybody should know the basics of AI and its future.
It was wonderful experience learning AI here. It was in easiest way to learn and understand easily.Thank you!
Awesome course for understanding or revising (as a AI student)  your thoughts for AI impact and it's benefits
Very good course! Will recommend it further. Easy to understand and provides a good overview about the topic.
the course explains very nice all about Artificial Intelligence.It is easy for begineers to take this course.
Informative, interesting, and well paced.  Builds concepts methodically.  Scattered examples create interest.
Andrew Sir taught really great without any prior knowledge he made it quite easier and fun to learn about AI.
Job Well done with a comprehensive explanation and easy explanation for someone who needs a foundation of AI.
Its a great course for people who have no technical back ground and want to learn what AI is and how it works
Extremely good content which explains the concepts of AI in a simplified manner for non technical individuals
Loved the Introduction to the world of AI. Feel far more confident in interacting with others on the subject,
Only a true expert like Andrew can conceive, construct and convey most complex things in the simplest manner.
I liked the explanation of this with a lot of practical and easy to understand examples from day today life.
I the way you teach. I looking forward to learn some more concepts under your guidance and at last thank you
Clear, non-technical /easy comprehensible, useful information. A very good start for anyone curious about AI
Thank you AndrewThe course is really very impactful. Clear many concepts and doubts w.r.t AI & Data science.
Interesting Intro-level course for everyone. Not suitable for those who already have knowledge in this area.
Very good course that talks and elaborate AI concepts in very smooth and easy way that anyone can understand
consider a good material to know what is AI and some relatable  things as well as a good introduction for AI
Andrew is a phenomenal trainer. I am thankful to Andrew for explaining AI in such simple, intriguing manner.
Thanks alot sir, had just heard about AI before coming to this course. Now, understand the basics perfectly.
This course gave me so much of insight and the teacher is just awesome. Thank you for this beautiful course.
Course was excellent designed, which helped me to understand AI and  this will be very helpful to my career.
i learned a lot of information on AI and ML from this course.thanks to andewNG for his excellent explanation
Excellent course to start the journey into AI field. Highly recommend it to business background specialists.
Great Course!!!!Andrew is an incredible teacher.Thanks for giving us the opportunity to complete this course
Really great. Thank you Andrew for still giving part of your precious time for the evangelization of mankind
It is a course that provides a good overview. But it is really for people that dont know anything about AI.
Is an amazing course, to start your career in AI, i learned alot from this course and cleary doubts about AI
It was a good experience learning from here and it was amazing learning from sir he was so good in teaching.
This course is  great place to start your AI journey. could not have asked for a better teacher than Andrew.
This is a really good and quick course that gives a 100 mile view of AI and what it can do for your company.
Very informative! Andrew is a good Professor, he is able to broadcast a complex idea in an intuitive manner.
It is very helpful, and definitely it will help me and my organization to have correct expectations from AI.
It is a good course for beginners to understand what is AI ? What are the keys steps to build an AI company.
this has been a very informative helpful and amazing course. Whoever you are, you shoukd go for this course.
Great course for gaining basic understanding AI, Data Science and Machine Learning at a non-technical level!
Very interesting course. It is a good approach to understand and develop his intuition for machine learning.
As usual another Good course from Andrew. A Simple, but very important course for everyone interested in AI.
I am an enthusiastic AI learner and i enjoyed this course a lot. Thanks to the mentor for awesome learning.
A great introduction to AI that gives you a balanced, practical outlook towards this disruptive technology.
It's a great introduction course, really interesting to have a brief notion of what is AI and how it works.
Excellent Course. Provides a Unique insight into AI and Deep Learning.  Thank You Dr Andrew Ng & Coursera..
The course provides a great introductory framework to thinking about how AI can be applied in your company.
Excellent overview of AI and its applications to business and implications for society. Highly recommended!
it was a great experience of learning about AI, Thanks to NIT trichy to avail this free cource on courcera.
I love the way he explains the complications of an AI system. I request  more similar courses from you guys
Course was Fantastic. Everything was explained in very simple language so that everyone can learn about AI.
It is a really nice course for those who want to know about AI. This course will give a good concept of AI.
Very Good Course but you need to includes some video of actual real AI based work for better understanding.
Thank you very much for wonderful course. I have gained ample basic knowledge on AI.Thank you Mr. Andrew Ng
Andrew is excellent, but he needs a different shirt, please! Can AI help fix that in post production? :) :)
This course gave us an idea of what AI really is. The course was excellent. I enjoyed the course very much.
A very informative course in very short span of time; Indeed, a good one to take start with in field of AI.
Really good overview of AI technology! Easy to understand and good trampoline to start next investigations!
Thank you Dear Sir Andrew NG. I have learned a lot from this course. I wish i could join your live classes.
its good course to start learning AI , i do recommend to have command on python to make something possible.
The course was quite interesting and enriching in content. Mr. Andrew's teaching method was amazing! Cheers
This course is very helpful to think about automate your business and other organization Thank you Coursera
Great theoretical course to learn about AI. Syllabus is managed very well. Thank you so much Sir Andrew NG.
I totally enjoyed this course which was paced just right for beginners. Now I'm craving for deeper content.
It's a very fresh start for becoming more familiar with AI than before and getting the more concrete ideas.
If you want to get an AI knowledge before you take action about it, that is best course that will help you.
This is a fantastic set of rules and ideas to implement AI in a working systems to fetch a better outcomes.
This course is simply superb!! And gave me good and brief idea on AI. Special Thanks to instructor Andrew.
Andrew is excellent in delivering the content that makes it sound easy and interesting, and keep me going.
nice course..if you are new to artificial intelligence ...i really really suggest you to take this course.
Thank you for the valuable information about AI. This is a great course to start learning an AI technology
really a wonderful course to take and learn to gain broader perspective about AI !Highly Recommended... :)
This course reveals the myths of artificial intelligence and knows what the artificial intelligence can do
Had a great experiencing in learning Artificial Intelligence for Everyone, Thanks to Coursera and faculty.
I have given my time to this course and its worth spending time on this. Thank you for your good teaching.
extremely valuable course; covering lots of diverse areas and topics in an effective and efficient manner!
Simple to understand the complex concepts. Great job by Andrew and the team behind the training materials.
i will like to give a big big big thanks to SIR ANDREW and i really appreciate this stunning effort in AI.
Explains what AI is , what it can and can't do, how to adopt AI in your org and ethics very astonishingly.
Quick and very informative material to help leadership introduce AI in their companies and avoid pitfalls.
Excellent course for anyone who wants to understand ai and how it is being applied across many industries.
Excellent overview for a startup course. Keeps the participants engaged and encouraged them to learn more!
Excellent course for a beginner/ layman.  Well structured course content with relevant examples all across
Simple and meaningful to begin learning about AI; provides the building block for deep dive into AI world.
Andrew Ng has nailed down AI for people like us. This is one of the best course I have done with coursera.
Great course ! Wonderfully articulated by Andrew. Keeping the explanation simple, terse and to the point.
This was more that I was expected. I already had some knowledge on AI but I ve learned more in short time
Content designed for the course is great and have no words to say about the presentation. Great session !
This course gave me a change to proove myself.And helped me for my future with this certificate.Thank you
A very nice course. excellent explanation. I have got the idea of in an artificial intelligence platform.
Awesome course for one who start their career in data science and it also motivates to engage in AI world
This was the greate experience for me and I would like to thank you for your valueable guidence.Thank you
This course is most important for the Entrepreneur, Now, I have the confidence to build startup using AI.
Faculty is very knowledgeable and he is explaining with examples of our daily life. Thanks to you sir :-D
it was so helpful and its a steping stone for me in the worl of AI I really enjoyed . Thank you Andrew NG
It's good with overall information about AI ,it's very useful course for the one who are interested in AI
Great course, even for non-technical people as it provides a glance of what's comming on the near future.
A really great course from Andrew Ng, I hope CEOs, and executive teams watch an learn from this material.
This course has helped me to dive into AI and its applications. It has inspire me to pursue career in AI.
Amazing! I have learned a lot of things. AI is very interesting to learn. I crave to learn more about AI.
This is a required course for all the industries and individuals who want to succeed in the 21st century!
It's very impressive course to learn much and above to gain psychological skills and experience knowledge
Course is good, There is lot of information regarding AI this is one of the best approach for learning AI
Great courses to get a global overview and pragmatic advises to develop AI in enterprise. thanks a lot...
The best course to learn about AI ML DL and DS from one of the best instructor.Lots of Love to Professor.
This Course helps me a lot to understand the basics of AI and usage of AI for the better future of world.
Super AL, your way of simple speaking helped me understand fast and the results can be seen..Thank again.
Andrew Ng clearly explains about the aspects of AI in different fields and its scope and adverse affects.
Very informative course. After completing this course, I feel to dwell further in AI and Machine Learning
Amazing course which gave me more knowledge in AI, machine learning and Data Science. I really recommend!
A very good course for someone who is  interested in getting a brief overview of Artificial Intelligence.
It was a great course, I am happy to be the part of learning AI for every one in supervision of Andrew Ng
Very good course for a beginner. Looking forward to take other courses to continue this learning journey.
Very good course to get a strong understanding of where we are with AI today and where we can go with it.
The course is very useful and containing depth insights about what is the power of AI and what AI cant do
The course is very useful to give first introduction to know about AI and related projects and community.
Very good for everyone (other than AI people) to have a very broad generic idea about what's going in AI.
One of the best courses in Coursera. I really enjoyed and learnt a lot. It was a really good experience.
This is a five-star course, I believe many Universities would charge a couple of thousand dollars for it
A wonderful course to take here! Andrew is excellent at delivering the carefully created content! Kudos!
Very helpful for someone who wants to venture into the world of AI and has no / limited prior knowledge.
Great way to get a broad understanding of AI.  This course motivated me to read into some of the topics.
Excellent course on AI for developing a very comprehensive understanding of major AI stuff for everyone.
It is a great course for anyone who is actually wanting to start his journey in artificial intelligence.
It was a good course. Learn so many new things related to AI which is the future face of the technology.
This course is valuable for beginner AI/DS/ML learners to gain and systematize basic knowledge about AI.
Excellent material. Andrew is very engaging and leads through the course seamlessly. Very inspirational.
Concepts explained in simple easy to understand language, Very good course for entering in to the AI wor
Very well paced, real life examples, simple non technical language made learning very easy and exciting.
EXCELLENT & WELL PLANNED COURSE LECTURES + QUIZZESHIGHLY MOTIVATING COURSE IN AI FROM GREAT GIANT IN AI.
Very informative course the instructor is well experienced and his way of teaching is really appreciable
Good one to understand the basics of AI and choose the strategy for your company to plan for AI projects
One of the best Online courses I've pursued. The method of teaching was great too. Great instructor too.
Thanks to Andrew Ng for teaching AI for everyone. I can see the overview of artificial intelligence now.
This course is outstanding and more informative with good assignments and realistic examples.us loved it
Very  professionally taught and told things about real marketplace. Thanks Andrew it was a great course.
Great course if you want to break the AI ice and feel comfortable talking about it or exploring further.
Nice overview about AI. The content quality is excellent and assignments are relatively straightforward.
Really good introduction and overview to AI and its implementation in today's tech and non-tech industry
Very good pace, details and explainable without being too technical.  The images and charts really help!
Great course to understand on  abroad level of what AI is and how can it be leveraged to solve problems.
Very informative and clearly presented. The topics were broken down very simply and in an easy to unders
Learnt so many new things. Added extra knowledge to my AI course. I had quite fun. Thank you Sir Andrew.
I recommend this program for those who want a simple understanding of AI to get started in their career.
Excellent course for a basic understanding of AI.  Can easily get through the materials in under a week.
It is a must for every manager working with AI projects.. Many thanks for putting this content together.
Good introduction to AI for all professionals that are keen to integrate their domain knowledge into AI.
I have learn much more things from this course about AI and very thankful to u sironce again thanks....
So descriptive, and understandable. The lecturer is so friendly to give the lecture. Thank you so much.
It's a very experience for me because  those videos are really good and I can understood them properly.
Great course for beginners in AI and Andrew sir explained every thing in a very great manner .Thank You
As  a beginner towards AI, I learnt more than what I expected of it. The instruction was crystal clear.
Prof. Andrew Ng,  explain all the basic knowledge about AI in an easy and understandable way. Thank You
Thanks for explaining about AI in a simpler manner.Now I can decide on what field should I pursue in AI
This course helped me in building correct insights about AI.Helped me in knowing the future life of AI.
the course is good and basic level to understand everyone who is trying to learn about the basics of AI
Thanks Andrew for helping me learn this course, i have develop a basic understanding of AI through it..
Good beginner course for most people to understand AI in general before getting into technical lessons.
Detailed information about Artificial Intelligence.Excellent course.I really enjoyed doing this course.
Thank you so much, it is a perfect first step to learning more AI - I am so glad I found your course :)
It was a lovely session, I've learnt so many things about AI. And definitely it will help me in future.
Thank you Pro. Andrew Ng for lecturing AI as use material  your developing experience on Google, Baidu.
It was really a very informative course. I now learnt how AI plays role in society and jobs. Thank you!
1. The cource is very good structured.2. The lecturer is wonderful, he explains materials very clearly.
NIce course to start, More useful to the persons at the management level who dont have an idea about AI
its the best course for beginners to get an idea of AI and can perform simple task through AI learning.
I got most valuable information about AI and this course  will be my turning point toward AI technology
Great introduction of AI for all levels of audiences interesting in bringing AI to their organizations.
This course takes you from what AI can and cannot do to how you can build an AI project in your company
Great overview for professionals and leaders. Non technical focus makes the information easy to digest.
Andrew sessions were well packaged to deliver the concepts with real practical usecases. Thanks Andrew.
I consider this course is a good opportunity for an introduction to know about Artificial Intelligence.
Great introductions to AI / Machine Learning. Third and fourth week are more geared towards management.
Well organized content. Helps declutter all the buzzwords! Andrew makes it really approachable. Thanks!
A must for course for decision makers in organizations to gain understanding of the main concepts of AI
Very well explained by Andrew. Covered all aspect regarding AI,ML,DL and DS to start in proper manner.
Great course.  Easy to follow and understand.  Andrew does a great job in explaining AI for beginners!
Very Interesting course and it tells basic of AI and what actually AI. Base for creating a foundation.
The course is very good to understand the basics of AI. I congratulation for such a wonderful content.
Artificial intelligence is very useful in all industries as more research is being done to advance it.
Extremely useful course to learn .and lecture in this course explained it very well.Try to learn it !.
i m very happy to complte this course. i gain so much knowledge.tutor explain every point very clearly
It was an amazing course and an eye opener for everyone taking this course. Thank you for this course.
This course for really helpful and should be taken up by whoever is looking to learn the basics of AI.
The course is well rounded in the technical and implications of AI systems in society. I learnt a lot.
Brilliant course, Andrew Ng is a great teacher and pioneer in guiding us about the possibilities of AI
Great course. Andrew knows how to explain complex topics and give insightful examples from experience.
Use technology, the way  of AI is good and defiantly going to change may automation in the IT industry
Very well organized. I love the way Andrew is able to teach complex arguments in an easy to digest way
The course really helped me with a fundamental understanding of AI. Thanks to Andrew Ng, he's awesome.
Simple and very insightful course, must for each person who wants to have v=basic understanding of AI.
Andrew made it so easy  to sit in his class. I am not a techy so this was very helpful. Thanks Andrew!
This is a great introduction to the field of AI and deep learning for a broad, non-technical audience.
Clear and to the point: it looks at AI from different angles offering valuable insight on each topic.
this course hyped my excitement about artificial intelligence and i enjoyed this course all the time.
One of the best course to understand the AI and really recommend to others who want to understand AI.
This course is explained very well in a simple manner and so many valuable points are discussed here.
This course is very useful to learn the process of modern techonology by the artificial intelligence.
The terminology used and the different strategies explained were very useful and easy to understand .
This course was really informative and helpful in learning a lot about AI, Machine learning and Data.
It is the best and easy course to learn AI especially for those who are beginners in the field of AI.
The detailed and ellaborate exposition was really the worth of the time and energy I've spent on this
Nice teaching experience. I like it. I have learn alot of thing from this course about AI. Thank you.
It helped me a lot by learning this course.I hope I apply it in my job trials and maybe useful for me
its amazingly very valuable website for learners....thanking you in anticipation.....once more thanks
The course is great, the lecture is really good at explaining and the content is good for a beginner.
Excellent overview of AI, its potential uses, its limitations and the risks associated with using AI.
Very Helpful , Though I am nit able to purchase it , i found it very knowledgeable .Thank you Edwin .
So far, I have been able to learn so many new things that I thought I wouldn't be able to understand.
This course great source to get too much knowledge regarding AI. Thanks Andrew for such great efforts
It is really excellent course and it is also strongly recommended to all to go through it.Many thanks
Enjoyed the course. I believe that I have more than enough to make an impact in terms of AI projects.
Very good high-level intro for anyone who want to understand AI without going into the nuts and bolts
simple, accesible and quite clarifying...this course is a must have for those who are starting in AI!
A big topic presented in a nice and neat way which is easily understood by everyone. Thanks Prof. Ng!
A great course for anyone who wants to learn about AI and how it can be applied to things around us.
Excellent course! Andrew knows how to introduce and explain all concepts in a very easy way. Thanks!
An excellent and knowledgeable course for the beginners who want to learn about deep leaning and AI.
Its very interesting course to learn in this quarantine time...it's to good ..I satisfied totally 
The course was really good, and the concepts were discussed crisply and in an understandable manner.
Absolutely very informative and a great start towards Artificial Intelligence and Neural Networking.
It was great leaning the areas where AI is currently used and also are predicted to be used as well.
A very basic yet informative course to introduce u to AI (does not include much technical knowledge)
It's an very easy and simplified course for the world of AI. Lots of knowledge and very interesting.
i have learnt a lot of things in this course . I got learn how can a AI can be used for the software
Andrew Ng is Really a good person for teaching such topics I would like to join more of his courses.
The teaching was remarkable. I loved the way you have shown real time examples Professor. thank you.
Excellent course I'm really happy to know about AI . Everyone who are interested in AI should join .
Excellent explanation for everyone. Nice examples have been provided for better understanding of AI.
Great basic course for people that want to learn what AI is and how it can help their organizations.
Excellent course...really awesome .Everyone who are willing to pursue a career in AI should join it.
This course has amazing information although it is non technical bit still it is best for bigginners
Best Introduction course ever.I was uninformed about everything about AI.This course gave me basics.
Amazing introductory course about AI with smooth flow of learning and simplicity. Loved this course.
Excellent. Grateful to Andrew for making this in such a detailed form and yet so easy to understand.
Very well explained and easy to understand, even if you do not has technical background. Thank you..
very well structured course for ones who are getting into AI, especially from different backgrounds.
Great overview and examples of what AI is and isn't, capabilities and how it will impact our future!
Nicely paced course that is easy to understand even for people without much background in technology
Very useful course for someone who needs to understand the AI technology feasibility on their domain
Really great course for beginners and to get a broad view of the applications and implications of AI
Exceptional course by Andrew Ng. This course has touched upon all the relevant fields related to AI.
This course helped me to understand AI possibilities, Roles, limits and pre-requisites . Thanks  you
As always, Andrew explain the things about AI in a really easy way to understand. I really recommend
Andrew is the best in the world to democratise AI knowledge in an extremely easy manner - thank you!
An excellent Course for someone to start the first step in his journey towards the new world of AI.
This course helped me gain the primary knowledge about AI and gain it's importance in modern world.
Great overview to AI fundamentals. Sets the student up nicely for delving further into the subject.
This is indeed a good introductory course to gain fundamental knowledge on AI and its applications!
This is the best course for beginners to take an overview inclusive knowledge as introduction to AI
Andrew did a great job explaining everything in a simple but elegant way to make it understandable.
best for industrial professionals for students optionals are useful which they are going to neglect
Useful courses with clear delivery from presenters so that it is easier to understand this material
A very informative high level introduction to AI.  I thoroughly enjoyed Andrews method of teaching.
Very simplified way to introduce yourself to AI. And the way Andrew explains it is also very good :
I really enjoyed this class. It's more about the insight and how it relates to the technical issues
thank you very much for the great course. very informative, clear and consistent . great examples !
Very professional way of explaining and making it interesting for the students wanting to learn AI.
Excellent primer on AI, its benefits and its limitations.  Very thoughtfully delivered and engaging
the course was very good and I have got chance to learn about the impact of AI in this global world
Thank you  Mr.Andrew for your down to earth explanation even though you are a maestro in this field
The calmness of Andrew Ng's voice and the lecture's pacing makes me want to learn more AI from him.
Gorgeous introduction into the topic, containing a lot of aspects and thoughts.Thank you very much.
Comprehensive and easy-to-understand content balances theory and practical / execution suggestions.
Great overview course which gives a good, non-technical introduction to AI and what it really means
I pretty much like this course, thank you, and definitely i will keep studying AI and data science.
Very good course, helped me understand a lot of the subject and be able to talk with my colleagues.
Expect to gain a good base knowledge of AI capabilities and functions and how it impacts our world.
exceptionally interesting content, great presenter and well structured. I can absolutely recommend
The instructor does a great job getting the difficulty level just right for non technical students
Great introduction to AI in general. Easy to follow, with clear explanations and various examples.
Andrew is a great instructor. Course content is well organized, notes on black board very helpful.
Simple, clear explanation for beginners. "AI For Everyone" title definetly represents this course.
i have already learnt these same things in anohter course but here were some additional things too
Explains everything simply by using very basic examples. I have enjoyed this course a lot. Thanks.
The course was pretty helpful and has filled me , a beginner with a lot of knowledge on the topic.
Thank you for this course, Prof Andrew has a great knowledge and could make this easier to explain
AI is my favourite. I njyed alot doing this.very interesting.we can easily grab the AI. Skillfull.
Best machine learning and Artificial Intelligence course ever it provides detailed knowledge of AI
This course is very easy to follow and at the same time very informative, great work by Mr.Andrew.
Very good course for the beginners to understand and appreciate the course. I strongly recommend !
This was awesomw course i ever didThanks for teaching such courses online with such great examples
It was a great course by Mr. Andrew. explaining with his experience was a great step taken by him.
The course was clear and address core topics on AI. I will recommend this course to my colleagues.
It's really a good course. Learnt many things. Discussion points and pop questions are really good
The Course was so Amazing I have learned much from this course it was very helpful to me to Learn.
a nice class,much relevant and significant. never thought an online class will have such outcome .
This course is very helpful. It provides basic information for getting started with AI, DS and DL.
This course is the best I have seen as a starting point, for all, technicians and non-technicians.
Andrew Ng is an AI expert and in this course teaches the fundamentals of this fascinating subject.
Great course - not too technical and provides a solid foundation for non-tech's to learn about AI.
I have learnt a lot about Artificial intelligance and i thank coursea for providing an oppertunity
Great concise course to help tell the wood from the trees and set out the broader landscape in AI.
It's a great course to have an overview of AI. It is recommended to any profile. Thanks Andrew Ng!
Thank You coursera for providing us a great platform for learning.. and special thank to Andrew NG
It is  an extremely  informative course. It is really for everyone and a gem for the new starters.
This course provide introduces AI technologies in simple language easier for people to understand.
This course is extremely helpful for every
transforming organizations. AI is the next super power.
Another great course from Andrew Ng. An additional chapter on ethical issues would be interesting.
Great course. Andrew is great in delivering the contentan and explaining the materials. Thank you.
GOOD FOR EVERYONE TO TAKE THE COURSE. IT DOESN'T MATTER THE AGE OR GENDER POSITION. NICE CONTENT.
The course was so interactive and brainstorming. Thank you so much Mr. Andrew Ng for this course.
This was a well-grounded overview of AI at an appropriate level to consider entry into the field.
Solid introduction to the concept and applications of Artificial Intelligence in the modern world
well narrated and easy to understand with the examples provided. Would recommend it to every one.
Its a very good and informative course. The instructor Andrew NG  explained everything very well.
I really learn a lot thanks for your teaching,and I also want to learn more about AI , thank you.
A very useful course on AI by Mr.Andrew where I learnt the general idea to implement practically.
Great content. Andrew divided a big concept in little topics for people to understand. Thank you!
thanks for such a easy to understand course...i wish to go ahead with other courses from you sir.
excellent i got good knowledge in Ai. Examples are very interesting,Trainer is taken very nicely.
for any curious student r technology fellow have to take this course to lean AI at starting level
A very comprehensive and simple explanation of the AI basics. Thank you, Andrew, for this course!
Thank you Andrew this is indeed an eye-opener and a great starting point in to the vast AI world.
Amazing intro to AI and its future impact on our lives. A must take course for all professionals.
Good overview of what AI is, what you can do with it and how you can adopt it into your business.
really helpful for a complete beginer to learn about what is AI, and get the momentum to move on!
Helpful. But I need to review regularly and begin to use the information given to really benefit.
Very simple to understand, great learning experience, thanks to the clear learning path of Andrew
Well written and delivered. The content was perfect for a beginner. Quality and pace are perfect.
AI for everyone is a good course for beginners. It helps me a lot to learn about AI true meaning.
Core AI concepts are explained in a very simple straight forward manner. Good resources provided.
It was a nice course. It provides a good context to AI and technologies related. Thanks Andrew !!
Very informative, and a good collection of case studies covering many use cases and technologies.
Just want to be short - This course made me to fall in love with a new coming AI technology era!
course was well structured and instructor is very good and have great experiance in field of AI.
A really articulate and thought-provoking overview. I'll be recommending it to clients - thanks!
One of the best course, course was easily described and instructor way of teaching is fantastic.
This course covers the fundamentals of AI and I strongly recommend it for everyone who wish to b
It was very informative course about the Artificial Intelligence.As a beginner it helped me lot.
Through this course i can able to understand what is AI?? and how it's working and lots about it
Clear tutorial with informational narrative and brief in slides. I love the nerdiness of Andrew.
Informative and interesting course for understading the fundamental principles of AI. Thank you!
Interesting course to learn fundamental concepts of AI and Machine Learning. Highly recommended.
As a beginner, this course is great to understand and get an in-depth overview into the AI world
best teacher ever, i love this course .there is so much information on it.thank you . Aazi Hamza
This course was informative and everyone having normal IT background can learn from this course.
Good course structure, explained in easy-to-understand words and lot of examples.  Great course!
The Course is simple with clear explanation of topics. Thank to Andrew for providing the course.
Great high level overview of the current state of AI from a technology and business perspective.
Great introduciton to AI with insgithful business perspectives and playbook to start AI projects
Great, basic course explaning AI and encouraging to take next steps in this area. I loved it! <3
Very easy to follow, certainly no need for prior technical knowledge. Really is AI for everyone.
Great overview. I am gonna take more AI courses to learn how to apply AI in my area of interest.
Very engaging and easy to learn even for people with no prior knowledge about computer science.
One of the nice course I found on Coursera for developing a nice beginner insight in AI and ML.
I am very thankful for the coursera to give me this oppourtnity to conduct and gain a knowledge
A simplistic course that introduces various non-tech aspects of AI. Could do it just for fun :)
Very good introduction to the topic, covers a wide variety of issues and is easy to understand.
I found the instructions videos to be very clear, substantial and simply explained. Thank you !
This , Course was really nice and I Understand all concepts clearly,..thank you for this course
Great Course for beginners to understand Ai and the affects AI will have on future development.
It's very useful to every engineering student, thank u for giving this wonderful opportunity...
I'm so pleased to finally "study" under Andrew Ng. Thank you Andrew for sharing your knowledge.
Great course to enhance your skill and learn how to use AI in your field to optimize your work.
The course was interesting and depend on latest technology and instructor was quite impressive.
very impressive subject and interesting presentation.Thanks the real new material I could learn
Excellent Course on AI for the beginners in this area. I had a great learning from this course.
An essential one for all the learners who want to dive in the world of Artificial Intelligence.
I took this with a lot of understanding already from IT Automation. Found several good nuggets.
I learned the essential things to run a company also things to manage for success of AI project
Great course, straight to the point, a must for the beginners. Thanks Andrew for making it fun.
Interesting, covers many topics and gives a great insight. Ideal to familiarise with the topic.
Very elaborate and explicit course on AI. It covers most of relevant aspects of AI as on today.
Great course to get an introduction in AI and how to employ it in your own working environment.
It was very interesting. I plan to continue learning about Neural Networks and Deep Learning. .
This was my  first course at Coursera and it was a good choise! Thank you for beatiful english.
Found this course to be enjoyable and informative about the possibilities and use cases for AI.
It is quite easy for non-experienced AI learning to understand what is the AI and how it works.
Great introductory course and a good foundation to get into more depth with additional courses.
Excellent course, every topic are explained very clear and easy to understand. Great professor
Perfect Introduction to the world of AI for everyone who has never had contact to this before.
Excellent module for the AI learning starter. Point to point clear explanation given on basics
This course make me to learn about AI system with different examples and well defined concepts
I Completely satisfied with this course. I need some more curses regarding AI. Please help me.
I really loved the way Andrew explained about AI really a good knowledgeable and useful course
Very Exciting Course. Extremely beneficial for Non-Techincal Peoples to Understand what is AI.
I really Enjoyed the course.  It's very helpful for my future career and knowledge.  Thank you
It was awesome learning with Andrew Ng . His teaching style is awesome.Thank you so much sir .
I have 0 IT background and this course made me at least understand the basic principles of AI.
Thank you Dr. Andrew, It's my second course with you and i really do appreciate your effort <3
The course is very easy to understand, less time consuming and helpful at beginner level in AI
Amazing Teacher!!! Amazing Content!! If it's Andrew NG, You know it's going to be amazing!!!!!
Excellent course for Beginners.. Professors explanation is so easy to understand and detailed.
nice explanation in the all the videos and it's more useful to the learning. thank you cousera
Great course on AI, great examples given to explain the concepts. Highly recommend the course.
great course and introduction into the world of AI, touching several aspects incl. ethics/bias
A very good primer for someone who wants to understands the basics of Artificial Intelligence.
Great beginner class for anyone interested on what AI can/can't do and steps needed to succeed
Sir  Adnrew  NG Is Brilliant And Thank you for Giving me a the chance to Learn AI For Everyone
Awesome learning opportunity at courser, and very impressive way of teaching of Sir Andrew Ng.
This course is really wonderful and brilliant for the beginners who are interested learning AI
Very useful training. I highly recommend it to have good inputs about AI in enterprise. Thanks
As being a non-technical professional I can gonestly say that this course is brutally AWESOME!
Great Introductory to the buzzword of Artificial Intelligent, Machine Learning, Data Science.
Easy but better explanation .Never thought learning of this chaotic thing could be this easy.
Fantastic course, a great overview of AI concepts and ideas delivered in a comprehensive way.
JazakAllah Khairun for this course. May Allah reward you Ameen. It was an awesome journey. :)
i have nothing much to say about the course except the word ''it's awe inspiring'' courseDOT.
Great overview of the AI Industry for people that are new to the concepts such as me. Thanks!
The topics are well explained with examples... I would recommend everyone to take this course
Andrew Sir you have explain each concept in simple way Seriously everyone should try this..!!
I found the course really helpful. Thank you so much Andrew Ng, deeplearning.ai and Coursera.
Great course to get started in the world of AI. Easy to understand yet engaging Instructions.
This excellent learning institution to improve learning skills and utilize in practical life.
Excellent Course . Through this course i gained a complete picture of AI. Thank you Andrew Ng
This is the best course  for a beginner in AI.Gives you the confidence that you know about AI
Andrew's explanation was perfect and I could grasp the overview of Ai in an efficient manner.
Ver well paced out course. explained really complex concepts in an easy to understand format.
Nice curse Artificial intelligence (A.I) is good platform to online study to free for student
Right amount of details for the scope and topics!! Thanks for putting this together as course
Amazing Course! A great intro to the field of AI. It creates the burn to learn more about AI.
Great introductory course about AI, really for everyone. I enjoy reading the technical cases.
What an amazing coarse! I learnt so much. MUST for everyone. Made simple, and explained well.
It is a good course to understand AI in simple words without knowing the technical knowledge.
Very well done. Easy to follow the concepts, and broken down into easily understood segments.
I enjoyed the class so much and also I learned so much despite having no interest initially.
Well done!  I liked the short videos, which allowed the material to be digested more easily.
Very nice course with deep insights without becoming too technical. Really enjoyed learning.
Basic course for everyone to start gaining some confidence in Ai, to achieve more in future.
Excellent course. Got valuable insights about scope and potential of AI in different fields.
This gives me many things to brainstorm /think about and tons of knowledge!Thanks a million!
Just true knowledge pros cons goods bad of AI. .. With proper therotical knowledge  loved it
This course provides us a better view how to face AI and understand what it can or can't do.
I thank Prof Andrew Ng for teaching this course and I personally learnt a lot! Thanks again.
Superb course -  the instructor explained the overall concepts behind AI exceptionally well.
It is indeed "AI for everyone" that is easy to understand to anyone who is interested in AI.
its a very great experience to learn on coursera and got certificate for free. thanks a lot.
This is very useful for me and also i gained much knowledge of AI during this course.I thank
This course is really good and help me a lot as i am an 2nd year student of computer science
A very nice explaination of each topic is provided by the instructor .Glad to do this course
Very interesting course, easy to follow and with very important impact on my day to day job.
Thank you,very much sir providing such a wonderful certificate which is use full for carrer.
Good introduction on AI/ML and an overview on how to start an AI/ML project at your company.
Great introduction! This course is exactly what I expected to get started with AI. Thank you
A great didactic introduction to AI. Thanks Andrew NG for such an enthusiastic vision of AI.
Amazing Andrew! Being a dentist by profession learning the basics was a breeze :) Thank you!
Amazing way to learn AI for non technical people who are eager to know what is AI all about.
I recommend this course for everyone who hasn't any previous knowledge or experience with AI
This course 'AI for Everyone' has given me a good insight of what AI is about for  beginner.
Congratulations to you Andrew for this course ! Long life to Coursera and the AI education .
I had very little Idea about AI.I feel I know many-things.Now, I can call myself AI literate
Thank you very much for providing us quality education and improving our knowledge about AI.
Overall the course was informative. Though the layout of the video could have been improved.
After completing this Course, Now I am able to talk about AI with my friends and colleagues.
It was a good start. Hoping to learn more from this amazing platform. Andrew Ng is the best.
Great job! New top-quality AI/ML course by Andrew Ng. I can strongly recommend for everyone.
A wonderful course designed to know much more than basic concepts. Really liked this course.
Excellent course explaining the basics of AI including its uses, limitations and challenges.
Excellent course for anyone interested in AI. Very nicely explained by Andrew Ng. Thank you.
Excellent introduction to AI, as well as a great description of its application in society.
when  Andrew NG creates a course for everyone , you just do it. as always very informative.
Very good course for understanding ai,also good for beginners who want to start learning ai
Great course. Interesting, well designed, and taught. Highly relevant and thought-provoking
This was a great course to know about AI. Thanks to the professor for his vibrant lectures.
It is the amazing opportunity for the startups and highly recommended course for beginners.
I have seen my project in a whole new view because of this course, thank you for the course
This course is amazing to gain a basic understanding of AI and how it can change the world.
very good course indeed. very clear and simple way to on-board someone to the basics of AI.
This is a good course on the Fundamentals of AI, applicable for anyone interested to learn.
That was the best overview to have a possibility to understand the basic fundamentals of AI
thanks to Coursera and prof Andrew ng and I hope to meet you in the future and to be as you
Excellent course to start deeper conversations with customer and industry peers. Thank you!
Rather interesting, and offer a comprehensive first glimpse into the world of deep learning
A good introduction to A.I. and Machine Learning, helps you to get motivated to learn more.
A good starting point to feed on the topic of AI and continue from there. Thank you Andrew!
One of the best course content I went through on Coursera. Thank you for all the knowledge.
beautifuly explain n grip on subject ...appreciated sir n thank you so much for ur guidance
best course which explain every basic thing about ai. specially knowledgeable for beginners
A must for anyone who wishes to learn what AI is all about. A perfect course for beginners.
Great course! Very easy fo follow for folks without technical backgrounds.  Thanks, Andrew!
Very Good courser for Manager and Directors that wants to implement AI on the organization.
An well subject oriented course in AI from Andrew Ng. Sir.  Learned a lot from this course.
Great session , Andrew explained idea of Taking First step in AI in simple and easy manner.
I like the business bias on the course, I find most courses very light on the impact of AI.
Lucid! Recommended for anyone seeking to understand what of and how to engage in AI field.
The way of teaching is really awesome.looking for more lectures from andrews ng sir.thanks
Will saying very good sir,it makes me leading about AI , what I don't know! Thank you sir.
It was Awesome with Andrew NgA great InfluencerIt was a great Leraning.Love from India...!
This course is  very good and suitable for AI beginners. I really really like this course.
It is the first step to know the importance of AI in current era with all proper examples.
The right course to start your Journey into AI for non technical people & product managers
Great lecture, I have learned a lot and I wiil keep on studing more about AI. Many thanks.
Andrew is the best. He can explain several terms with a few examples, it's a great course.
Very good explaination of the concept. Good real world examples. I am really happy with it
Thank you Very much. Excellent explanation. And my thanks to the instructor and Courseera.
The course was very intense and the presentation was provided in such a manner that it bec
Very Good course for a person who wants to know about AI in a nutshell. Highly recommended
I give this 5 star rating due it gave a good basic knowledge about artificial intelligence
Give conceptual description of AI and how it will change the world and how to implement it
Very good introduction! Next step will be practical excercise and more technical insights.
One of the best beginner courses on Coursera. Thoroughly enjoyed it. Learning made simple!
It is an excellent course for a beginner who wants to learn about Artificial Intelligence.
This course is incredible for people who are interesting on having the first AI' overview.
wow what a great course, explaining my confusion about ai in an easy way, thanks andrew ng
This course made it so simple to understand the basics of AI. Andrew Ng you are awesome!!!
Awesome course to give you an overview and the ability to think about AI and work with it.
Really enjoyed Andrew's classes and feel I'm more equipped to join the conversation on AI!
A very good introduction to ML. Provides the proper insights and covers different aspects.
A introduction overview of artificial intelligence for people who have no idea what it is.
Interesting course to enter in the AI world. The teacher makes everything understandable.
Great Course... being a petroleum engineer AI is going to be very useful for my industry.
Provides the essential know-how for a quick grasp in understanding the overall AI concept
Course is great to have a basic idea of AI and being well versed with the AI terminology.
it is a Well structure and a good course to start with to kick your career in this field.
It was a well-informed course. I really liked the instructor and his teaching techniques.
Excellent Course and instructor is awesome very well briefed and explained in this course
It's very good learning for artificial intelligence..it's very useful for engineering's..
Such a calm and concise lecturer. I don't think i have ever felt so peaceful in a course.
If your trying top be top of your game in coming AI world this is the best place to start
It very nice that I learn about deep learning and got comfortable with abstract thinking.
This course would give good inspiration to researchers who are working in AI applications
Thank you for making me aware of complete AI concept. It was a great learning experience.
Its a wonderful course, what a broader view of AI and its impact on current technologies.
Very much informative & understandable even for beginners. Thank You Professor Andrew Ng!
Excelellent Knowledge, it motivate me to do more number of courses in my future endeavour
This course gives me the overall picture and basics of AI and the upcoming opportunities.
Everyone should opt for this course as it covers overall AI implications in today's world
I really enjoyed reading and learning this module. Very informative for a beginner on AI.
This is the best course for computer science students who are willing to work practically
Very informative and engaging course. The instructor delivered the things in a great way.
Very good and informative course. Thanks to the prof for clearly explaining the concepts.
The course contents were fantastic and i had amazing learning process through this course
An absolutely enriching course. A very cool perspective of AI. Was beautifully explained!
Explaining difficult things easily. I definitely recommend this course to other learners!
Thanks alot for the knowledge this course gave me .. thankfull to all the team behind it.
Easy to complete, yet a lot was learned. Will continue to learn this way and from Andrew.
The course was very helpful in honing my intution about AI Loved tge way Andrew taught 
Andrew Ng is amazing !! I wish he was my professor in my engineering class 16 years back.
Excellent course that gives learners an overview that will enable them to dive in further
Good lesson and helped me to have the framework on how to introduce the AI in my company.
it's a good start to know about AI and its basics so that you can continue in this field
I learned the basics of AI, and am now interested in learning more ML skills. Thank you!
Very effective course and beyond to the expected level and very good lecture by ANDREW .
the course was gud .helped me to get some ideas over ai thank you andrew for the session
Thanks for Organizing this course and very much useful in current scenario of technology
Excellent course and Mr. Andrew you rock.. great simple explanation of a complex topic..
It was very helpful for taking the first step towards AI and building AI in our company.
I loved this course learned a lot of things in AI and the teaching way of sir is superb.
It was interesting to learn AI which gives me more knowledge to do future projects work.
A very good course giving an insight into the world of AI and also its impact on society
I really find this course very helpfull for meIt's helped me and learn more on this work
I would like to Thank Andrew Ng for his Valuable  time for explaining this course to us.
This was very concise, brief, but insightful course! I appreciate the teacher very much!
A superb course ! Highly recommended for those who want to plunge into the ocean of AI !
very informative and well-balanced. presented by andrew with the needs of people in mind
One Of The Best And Amazing Course Of My Life. Added A Lot Of Value In My Career. Thanks
It really helped to create a foundation for my Ai career. Thanks, Coursera for Too Much.
Wonderful course to understand AI in detail. well explained with good explanation and ex
Really good course, very good explanations and examples. Can't wait for my next course!!
Very useful basic concepts to start with APPLIED AI. Easy to follow, highly recommended.
Just right for an overview. Andrew Ng's approach is confidence building and encouraging.
Awesome course. Provided a nice overview of AI and its implications. Highly recommended.
Very nice and simple explanation about Ai and what Ai can do and it's impact on society.
I've learned a lot of concepts about AI from this course.I'm very thankful to Andrew Ng.
A course for beginners with NO technical background... A must for anyone related with AI
Good one! As usual it was delight to hear Andrew again! I thoroughly enjoyed his wisdom!
it's great that includes all aspects from scratch to end in good as well as in bad way.
excellent introduction into the world of AI. great length clips and real life examples.
One of the best and an important course for everyone regarding Artificial intelligence.
I think this was a great course to review and understand what AI is and what it is not.
It is very course to larn the know about AI. It is helpful for learning new technology.
This course is great to us in case we want to start the AI project in our organization.
Great course that answered a bunch of questions and concerns i had about AI in general.
The course is very useful and I have gained deep knowledge about AI. Thank you so much.
very good course for starters, instructor explained very well and easily understandable
A very good content that has explained by Andrew. I had learnt a lot more things on AI.
This Course is really helpful to understanding the analogy and terms related to AI.....
The course does that it says. Not hard explanation, but explanations of AI for everyone
The explanation was very nice and clear thank you for providing such good courses to us
A course for beginners we want to get an overview of the working AI system in practice.
This is a great platform to achieve new skills in today's generation. Thank you so much
It's very helpful and useful to know about AI that's going to take huge part in society
very easy to learn and flexible time line, highly recommended for learning at your ease
Amazing! This course is very helpful for me to gain momentum in Artificial Intelligence
Pretty good to overview the subject before starting progress in technical ML/DL issues.
Thanks a lot, it's simple and useful, it's one of the best courses I have been attended
Very useful for the beginner or anyone who wants to have a piece of knowledge about AI!
Great AI intro. Was glad to take this cource. Plan to continue with the specialisation.
Gave an excellent overview of AI. Illustrations are appropriate and easy to comprehend.
Great introductory course for technical as well as non technical students/professionals
this course blows my mind up . A hundred percent I'll keep going learning more about AI
Exceptionally clear explanation, perfect for beginners and those who want context on AI
Great Course ! Nice framework to apply to prepare your company to become an AI company.
Simple and interesting. This turned out to be the first course I purchased on Coursera.
Looking forward to continue learning on the path of becoming an expert AI professional.
Many real life examples were given by professor which makes it easier to understanding.
I really enjoyed the class and I now have a hunger to learn as much as I can about AI.
Best courser to understanding advantages, disadvantages and ethics in AI for industry.
Andrew simplified complex concepts and made AI easier to understand even by lay people
as usual a great intruductory yet so much helpful to understand the industry of the AI
Amazing teacher, he taught me really well . The hard concept's but in very simple way.
Absolutely brilliant. Contains valuable insights on A.I and related topics and issues.
Great course for anyone who wants to know about and understand AI and its applications
very useful, thank you for creating such a awesome course, have learnt a lot about AI.
This is a basic introductory course to a complex technology explained in simple words.
Learnt a lot about AI and how it can affect our day to day life in coming years, love.
the professor taught in a very gentle manner which makes the course easy to understand
Great course, Andrew has the magical ability to easily explain a hard topic such as AI
I have learned lot about AI. In this time every one should be aware of this knowledge.
it's very useful to the students of any fields especially for the mechanical engineers
This course is one of the best course for you if you are beginner or new in this field
Thank you, Sir Andrew Ng for teaching these course,i learn a lot about AI then before.
Andrew presented the topic in a way that's easy to understand with practical examples.
Very well structured, very well thought out, comprehensive, and masterfully delivered!
It's very helpful to gain your knowledge about AI and deeply understand the AI future.
Simple and clear course materials. Narration of Andrew Ng was very easy to understand.
It's a pleasure to have One of the best Facilitator on AI Mr. Andrew Ng in the Course.
Provided a good understanding of AI uses and how to go about developing AI for society
cover all the basics and push the importance of business being involved for the start.
Provides a broad and comprehensive introduction to AI. It serves as a good first step.
Great course learn alot about AI and clear my all the misconception about AI thank you
Gave clearer insight on AI and what AI can and cannot do. Worthy course for beginners.
Excellent course and excellent lecturer.  Dr. Ng is very insightful and knowledgeable.
This is a great first-step into the world of AI. I wish I had taken this course first!
Everyone will learn something new from this course: be it a CEO or a grade 5 student.
Thank you coursera for making me knowledgeble in this field, thanks a lot once again.
The knowledge is worth to learn and the course is really understandable for everyone.
Excellent course that also reflects on AI in a critical manner to be used in society.
Very well explained! It will help me to pursue AI as a profession. Thank you so much.
ANDREW NG is good at what he does!. This course should come handy for peeps new to AI
This was a very interesting course i would like to know more and learn more about AI.
Very well structured material, hands on examples and easy to understand explanations.
It's very nice to learn any think in course ra We find clearly explanation and videos
Awesome course to get into deep understanding and concepts of artificial intelligence
I AM THANKFUL TO COURSERA AND PROF. TO MAKE SUCH AN AMAZING COURSE. i LOVED IT FULLY.
very good  course to understand what is AI and who to use/work with the team of AI ..
Very well structured and easy to understand. Very good to get a basic overview on AI.
Great way to get an introduction into AI and how it can help business and the future.
a wonderful non-technical course about AI, the playbook is very practical, thank you!
This course is very good.It help me to learn AI and understand the types of AI.Thanks
very good for every kind of professional that wants to implement AI in their business
Loved this course. The content, the delivery, the pace, and the tone. It was perfect.
Love the simplicity of this course. Thank you Andrew Ng for making this video series.
This course is explained in very detailed brief,this is Awesome,keep it up...COURSERA
Great Course. Loved Andrew NG, the way of presentation and relevance of  the content.
Very good course on starting the AI journey for individual as well as an organization
Very educational, easy to understand and true to the current and future of progress.
it is really good course for everyone to get some accurate  basic insights about AI.
It was an wonderful experience.resource person explained the concept in a simple way
Very interesting course and provided good examples of AI & other concepts around AI.
It is good course to do for students to think in critical manner, critical thinking.
It was an amazing course. Thank you Sir Andrew for explaining AI in such a nice way.
Concise, pragmatic and easy to understand. Great course for beginners like myself !!
This is a realy good course. It gives more and more information about AIThank you. 
It was a course for me that I developed myself and learned a lot of new information.
a well planned course for birds eye view to AI trends, requirements and posibilities
Excellent course to understand the basics of AI. Very clearly and lucidly introduced
This course has given me really deep insights of  AI that are usually not discussed.
Nice course to understand basics of AI and gives very holistic view on AI technology
i have a better understanding of ai and its networking systems. hats of to Andrew NG
Great course. As a beginner this course gave me the best introduction possible on AI
The subject that was conveyed in this course is so clear and understandable to learn
Great skills and i can konw that how to work machine through artificial intelligence
This special course helped me learn the basics of AI and its interaction in society.
Very nicely designed course. Love Andrew NG and courseera for this wonderful course.
It was insightful, well detailed and also interesting to follow along with Andre Ng.
Amazing course !! every one should try this course to understand basic logic's of AI
This Cours gives an short  and. deep overview about AI  for a better understanding.
High recommend this course for people who want to know the basic knowledge about AI.
Really useful course to understand the basics of AI technology and its social impact
A great introduction to AI, Types of AI, and usage of AI in a business organization.
Provides a great foundation for AI, and inspires you to keep learning more about AI.
I really liked this course its very organised and with a lot of valuable information
Very good introduction course for AI. It is more like a course talk about the soft s
Very concise, non-technical way of introducing the topic which helped me understand.
Practical and useful course to have an overview about AI. I definitely recommend it.
EXCELLENT COURSE..NICE EXPLANATION IN VIDEOS AND SIMPLE STUDY MATERIAL PROVIDED....
It was a great course about something really interesting. I recomend it. Thank you.
Thanks, Andrew. Always a good job. By the ways, I like the mug with neural network.
I enjoyed taking up this course. One of the best tutors I have ever been taught by!
yes course was very helpful. nice example were given. My best wishes to the teacher
Andrew will let you know how and where AI should be implemented quite meticulously.
Andrew Ng has done a great job in putting the concepts in a crisp and clear manner.
It was a very helpful course that included a lot of basic information regarding AI.
Thank you so much for providing such a learning opportunity, it was really good. :)
Great overview and understanding of AI along with its capabilities or lack thereof.
It is a fantastic course to get the basics clear and have a roadmap of AI Learning!
Nice course, an eye opener to understand AI in a very simple way, straight forward.
I learned the basics of AI which will definitely help me a lot. Thank you Coursera.
very good course regarding artificial intelligence cleared all my doubts and basics
Very essential and useful course ! I thank  a lot to coursera and Mr Andrew Ng sir.
Very basic but it laid the foundation to learn more from other courses of Andrew NG
I Would like to  thank Andrew Ng sir ,to make the lecture gripping and interesting.
Excellent course to start the AI journey and gain important, fundamental knowledge.
Though I was not familiar with the field, the course is clear enough to understand.
Thanks, Andrew Ng for an wonderful and entertaining introductory Course About AI !!
Sir Andrew Ng is doing great job in teaching people AI and we respect his services.
Its a simple easy to learn course, which allows you to understand the basics of AI.
Felt very good learning from Andrew N g.Would love to learn more about AI in depth.
Good insight about AI, and how project can be done.  Liked the AI and society part.
give you an overview of what AI is, explain some basic terms, good to have it free!
it is very help full course to me and very good content for us. thanks you so much.
Very good introduction for people considering AI for their company, or AI projects.
Brilliantly done, cuts through the complexity and lingo, well explained and clear.
Andrew did an excellent job of explaining the insight of AI to the non-technicals.
Very informative course, recommended if you need a general yet accurate idea of AI
Very good presentation, very deeply and clearly explained for new learner like me.
I can not hope to find a better introduction to AI than this. Andrew is Excellent.
Great course for beginners who want to learn about AI.Really enjoyed the sessions.
greatness overloaded with simplicity and knowledge ..... great introductory course
Quite Good. and thanks to the instructor to make me understand these terms better.
It was my first-course in deep learning but Andrew Ng made it very easy for me....
Great insight in to AI, ML. and Data Science. Helpful for Novice and Policy Makers
Dear Andrew, you are wonderful and i would definitely recommend to all my network.
i have got best education in deep learning and i will  continue to further courses
I have learn a lot from this course and Inshallah it will help in my future goals.
Very informative course. I have done it on financial aid. Learnt a lot new things.
Easy to digest and Andrew is very straightforward in explaining the concept of AI.
A prestigious learning opportunity. I have got my initial point to look forward...
i like your teaching knowlage, and hope one day i try to give other these knowlage
That was really a good course. I really enjoy each and every video of this course.
Great overview about the topic. A good base to dive more into the outlined topics.
This course is easy to understand and let everyone to rapidly have a sense for AI.
great course, easy to listen and learn. i'm really thrilled with online education.
The course was good but where to go after this course would have been more useful.
This course is very useful for students interested in technologies and automation.
Great course, It gives you insight of all the terminologies used and there details
Extremely clear and concise content with easy to understand concepts by Andrew Ng.
Excellent course, excellent videos and way of online teaching. well done coursera.
GreatVery easy to understand the key point of the meaning of AI for your company.
I got a comprehensive insight to AI with more realistic view. Thank you very much.
Great overview and intro to AI, including the its business part and applicability.
Nice learning experience thru courseera. Useful to learn the emerging technology.
It very useful and easy to learn.I learned more that of Ai for everyone.thank you
Really complete overview of AI, no need of previous experience. Great instructor!
I learn the basics knowledge required before the actual implementation of the AI.
Great introduction about AI technology and its application in daily life. Thanks!
Dear team        I learned a lot about artificial intelligence through course era
Excellent course, gives a good foundation in understanding of building AI systems
Awesome course for beginner level. The explanations and examples are fantabulous.
Great experience watching videos with good insight into how AI works.  Thank you!
A really great course giving tremendous insights about AI in a simplified manner.
Excellent insights. Thank you Coursera for this amazing course! Thank Mr Andrews.
Very good and entertaining course that explains the topic in a joyful way without
I love this course. This course made lot of interest on AI. I will lean about AI.
Great introductory course for understanding the pathway to AI. Thank you, Andrew.
The course is very easy to follow and provided information to understand about AI
Thanks for the clear and brief lecture. I ccould understand overall fields of AI.
Excellent introduction to the topic, certainly useful for anyone, any job profile
Easy and very informative course! Good first step fro anyone interested in AI/ML.
It's a great course to get the general ideas about AI. I've learned lots from it.
This course is actually more better as thought this would be. so keep goingThanks
Very informative for organizations trying to get their feet wet in the AI domain.
Very nice and useful overview of AI. Looking forward to another Andrew's course.
Good beginning about AI. The content is good and relevant. Simple to understand.
It was a fantastic course and the instructor is too good at explaining concepts.
The course was very informational and made me realize about what is really an AI
Well explained. A must do for all who are interested in AI and machine learning.
Very good training on AI for everyone. Must attend for anyone thinking about AI.
The course is very useful for us and it will help me in future for better future
Best course for apply AI in our business , I leaned many new things about the AI
Great course, great teacher! Looking forward for the next course from Andrew Ng.
Amazing course...you will get basic knowledge of AI to start your journey in it.
A very nice introductory about AI I hope it will guide me throughout my journey.
I enjoyed the course and Got an answer for what to do to become an AI developer.
Loved it matched with my course in my college, done easily was very informative.
Wonderful course to understand the basics of AI to build a business based on AI.
very good course and it give you an overview for AI and explaining step by step.
Very good course.. Lot of learning in AI, now i am more confident to work in AI.
It is really good to start learning some basic knowledge of AI and data science.
it is a very good class. Andrew explain the mystery of AI using common language.
A complete course that gives a great overview of AI without being too technical.
This is a great course to immerse oneself into the AI world. Great introduction.
Very clear and simplified for layman like me to understand. Thank you very much.
Nice course for beginners to develop a better understanding of AI and its usage.
Loved how you explain everything andrew! Thank you for spreading your knowledge.
Perfect 101 on #AI - or how to explain a complex subject to everyone. Excellent.
Best course for beginners to get started with AI!Andrew Rocks!Best Teacher Ever!
Its really very interesting and informative. Thanks to Coursera and Andrew Ng !
Very well taught course, easy to understand, and a great instructor! Thank you!
Really interesting subject and teacher, high quality and well-executed as well.
It's very basic . But useful for those who are not having a bit knowledge on AI
This course is very interesting and insightful, many thanks to Prof. Andrew Ng.
it is very easy to learn the course, which can understand very and clean manner
It was a very informative course! Many thanks and keep up doing the great work!
It was amazing learning AI, it was very helpful for in learning AI  completely.
It's overall good but it is just a introduction , and that's what i really need
Nice and informative course giving deep insights about Artificial Intelligence.
It was an amazing experience I truly enjoyed this course thanks for making this
Course contents are succinctly delivered, easy to understand yet informational.
Beautifully lectured and probably one of the most important topics of our time!
AI is very much interesting course and i have learned about  future scope of AL
Excellent for a basic level user looking into developing AI programming skills.
Very educational! Thank you for a wonderful introduction into the world of A.I.
Exceptional course, I have learnt a lot from the course along with case studies
thankyou for your  valuble  course which was very helpful for my career purpose
This course gave a very good overview about the AI for a basic learner like me.
A very good detail guide about AI for everyone. How, where and when to apply AI
Best introduction course for beginners and easy to understand for navie people.
excellent overview of what AI is and definitely whets my appetite to learn more
Mr. Andrew Ng tried to teach very easily. Thank you Mr. Andrew Ng and coursera.
Excellent course! It is clear, impactful and help me to introduce myself to AI.
Engaging, easy to follow and ethical. Above expectations. Thank you, Andrew Ng!
Very good, I learnt lots, I got some good takeaways, I enjoyed it, recommended!
Wonderful Course! It's easy for a beginner to understand what AI does and work!
Simple but effective, Really liked the experience.Thanks to Andrew and Coursera
Very clear and designed to be understood by technical and non-technical people.
Insightful and very relevant. Easy to follow on the terminology and explanation
A very good course and Andrew is a fantastic teacher... great one for beginners
Excellent contents, easy to follow and thorough coverage of all the main topic.
One of the best AI introduction courses that every person in a company can take
Good knowledge base for those who are interested to know more but without engin
Thank you very much. I learned a lot from your courses and love them very much.
Very good course telling about the basics of AI that anybody should know about.
Amazing course content with very simple yet relevant examples. Thank you Andrew
Great content on an important subject from one of the top experts in the world.
Great Course for someone who wants to start a career in AI or Machine Learning
I am so happy to learn AI in everything like machine learning and ethics of Ai
Loved every aspect of this course and the way Andrew Explain is just marvelous
Thank you for this opportunity Coursera and thank you, sir, for your guidance.
The explanation is really good. Its easy to understand as well as interesting.
Really interesting course. Andrew does a very good job explaining AI concepts.
It's very useful and it is more helpful for graduates to improve their Carrier
really educational and good references realated about the things in real world
Gain Deep knowledge about AI and improve my talent this course thanku Coursera
Was  very informative and has helped improve and gain required knowledge of AI
By this course, I can avail to learn a basic overview about AI & how it works.
This course is very useful to know about Artificial intelligence for beginners
Best instructor to teach any AI course. This is a bias I am willing to accept.
Very nice course. Well explained kudos. Brilliant knowledge of the instructor.
Very informative and great platform to start the conversation with our company
Is course very helpful for study of AI. I really appreciate it. Thanks so much
A very enriching journey to AI. Enjoyed it very much.  Thank you to the team!.
This course is best for learners those who need to know more about AI in deep.
Informative, simple to understand, great delivery of content, good example etc
Great course for understanding the relevance in AI in the current environment.
Gave me the foundational knowledge I craved. Thank you Coursera and Andrew Ng.
Course is very insightful and Anderw's explanation is simple. Great learning.
Very recommended! Now I know everything about AI itself. Thank you very much.
An insightful course that anyone who has misconceptions about AI should take.
Very intuitive knowledge of AI with zero requirements of technical background
Excellent to understand the AI and know-how to implement in our organization.
Very helpful and a foundational learning of AI. Absolutely fantastic teacher!
Very comprehensive and easy to understand for non-technology person like me:)
Five rating deserved this great course! Andrew Ng is real genius Keep it up!
Professor Andrew has a huge knowledge in AI topics, thank you for sharing it.
After doing this course I have a got a better path to pursue my career in AI.
Very easy to understand and complete the course. Gives a basic idea about AI.
Thanks for providing me platform to learn lot of skills which I did not know.
Excellent explanation, this is the first time I have seen such a presentation
Was an important course. Thanks my instructor to give us something like that.
A great course and explanation as well. Learn something new from this course.
very interesting and  student beneficial learning program thank you coursera.
This course is perfect for everbody who has in learnig AI basics.  LOVED IT!!
It's really good to study this course. I have learnt about AI in this course.
Very well explained, essetial for everyone making the first steps towards AI.
Excellent introductory course, divided up into short videos. Love the format.
This course is excellent for beginner to start with in the field of AI and ML
Excellent course that provides a lucid introduction to AI and related fields.
Excellent training. Gave me a very good perspective of AI and where to start.
Truly informative, well explained. Thanks !!!! Hope to learn lot in future...
very good content and simple explanation  for beginner. Thanks for the course
Very structured AI course materials and significantly improve my AI knowledge
Great for anyone to get a strong glimpse of what AI is, does, and transforms.
Good course. The adversarial and physical attack was little confusing though.
Excellent survey of AI terminology , techniques and how companies can use AI.
The lectuer, Andrew Ng, has given a well pace and clear lecture.  Thank You!
Excellent course for people who want to have an overall understanding of AI.
Very interesting course. Professor Andrew Ng explains AI concepts very well.
This was a very informative and easy to follow course. I would recommend it!
The course is good for introduction to the world of Artificial Intelligence.
A good foundational course that gives an overall perspective of approach AI.
Well explained! Really loved listening to Andrew Ng, clear and to the point.
It is an amazing course where you Learn a lot about Artificial intelligence.
Very good course.Thank you sir for giving a clear explanation on the topics.
It's really a great course for the beginners who want to work in AI sectors.
Anyone who wants to start a career in AI should consider taking this course.
best course for the ones who are planning to work or start their own company
great organized introduction to the world of AI...great bunch of information
I LIKE THIS COURSE VERY MUCH VERY INTERSTING TO LEARN THIS SO,I ENJOYED ALOT
A very informative course which is easily understandable to almost everyone.
very easy way from the instructor to address the information to the student.
It is the perfect learning experience to how AI, ML and deep learning works.
By taking this course gets deeper knowledge about non-technically part of AI
It's really a good explanation I've gone through.Thanks for the nice course.
Ya ,it is a good platform for learning the course . Thank you for the course
This my first AI course and it was great I was inspired to out of my greedy.
Nice course from the perspective of getting holistic view of AI @ year 2020.
Wonderful introduction and explanation of use of AI in industry and society.
Excellent Course.For a person with no knowledge this opened my eyes totally.
Good introduction to AI, business focus, includes pragmatic do's and dont's.
Excellent overview course for executives.   Andrew is a terrific instructor.
Great course for AI fundamentals, a "must have" before diving into AI world.
Best Lectures never saw before that type of explanation from the professor's
Great introduction  into AI and terminology !! Absolutely to be recommneded!
great opportunity to get the knowledge with great teachers, thanks Coursera!
Very well explained.. Loved the course content and the way it was conducted.
Very nicely executed abstract level description of a very technical subject.
This course really helped me in understanding about Artificial Intelligence.
It's a beautifully designed program to lay down the basics of AI. Thank you.
This is an excellent introduction course, very comprehensive and accessible.
Really well paced for a good learning and understanding of the AI dimension.
Easy to understand and great learning even if I am totally new to AI and ML.
the course structure and content really help me to learn various new things.
The course  eases you into understanding AI and how it works. Thanks Andrew.
best teacher ever he teach very well i can easily cover every topic about AI
excellent format and l love how it is split up so you can easily digress it.
This is the excellent course for begineers who hava interst in learninig  AI
This is one of the foundational course on AI that everyone should enroll to!
once again a really nice course from Mr. Ng. Thank you very much, you rock!
very educative and you can do this course without any prior knowledge on AI
very nice explanation and good test conducting.i really njoyed the sessions
I am very happy to learn this course and i will use this in my project work
Great introduction to the main AI terminologies and potential applications!
i am very proud to say this course has been a dot in my big pictureTHANKYOU
Thankyou,for this great oppurtunity to gain knowledge about everything....!
Couldn't be explained in a simpler way, it was a great learning experience.
Really good introduction to AI with practical examples. Highly recommended.
The course was very descriptive and helped me understand the concept of AI.
Loved the way in which all concepts were covered from the grassroots level.
You can understand about AI and How it works. Informative session by tutor.
It was a great experience to know about the new concept and advance vision.
I am so happy. Because I will learn the how to apply AI in my project works
Experience was nice. Got to learn new things about Artififcial intelligence
awesome course ! . Hope i can one day sit in your class at stanford for ai.
Very Useful for everyone to know about the AI applications and technologies
Very usefull for everyone , please utilities the wonderful opportunity ok..
This course is incredible!! I learned a lot about developing AI technology.
A very good introduction for non specialist people interested in this tpic!
This is a very good high level overview of AI for a non-technical audience.
Good teacher, clear explaining.Volume a little low but all good!Nice course
Very easy to consume materials that gives a global view of this huge topic.
Excellent way to start understanding the basic concepts about the AI world.
Andrew is a splendid and patient teacher! I'd highly recommend this course!
This course help me out in many aspects such as how to build AI company etc
Most recommended course for anyone who wants to jump-start their AI Career.
Useful and easy to understand by anyone, even with no technical background.
I could put my understandings as a business person in order in a short time
Very good course for beginners for an insight into AI, very well explained.
Great course for anyone interested in AI introduction and big-picture view.
The slide deck is helpful and the instructor, Andrew is super interesting!
So lucid a teaching that I for the first time learning beyond expectation.
I loved how everything was explained so simply and with a lot of examples.
very good course for beginners to understand about Artificial Intelligence
easy to understand very useful for a beginner to kick start working in ai.
now i have a clear view of what AI and Deep Learning is , Thank you Andrew
Clear objective, good pace and well structured. learnt more then expected.
Very balanced and informative course. Must for everyone in a organization.
Thank You So Much, The best experience I had with already familiar things.
its an very interested and useful course.....best choice for the beginer's
Great introduction to AI. Andrew explains things clearly and sequentially.
it is very helpful in general and lots of example lead us to brainstorming
I think if everyone can take this course, the world will be a better place
It is a very relevant course for those who want to learn AI as a beginner.
Nice way to introduce yourself into AI knowledge. Than you Andre and team!
Andrew Ng is a blessing for this generation of learners. Thank you Sir :))
Wonderful course, it gives me alot of idea about the Ai as i am a beginner
Great introductory course around AI. Good foundational skills to build on!
A very great course to get the insights into Artificial Intelligence (AI).
The way Sir explain is just amazing.Proud to be part of this course.Thanks
So well explained. Thank you for clearing out some commonly confused terms
Very good introductory material to understand AI concepts and first steps!
A very great introductory course, very well explained, simple yet helpful!
This course is awesome and i learn such great thing about AI By Andrew Ng.
Fantastic and informative course. I feel like I learned a new super power!
Best Introductory course for getting started in AIThank you, Prof. Andrew!
Great course, amazing teacher.Now I now far more about AI than 4 weeks ago
I highly recommend Coursera, as a non engineer it simplified the learning.
Very good overview of the topic - clear explanations without using jargon.
This course was awesome. It will give the over all idea and all about AI.
Such an insightful course. I would encourage everyone to Take this course
Very good course for Artificial IntelligenceGot lot of knowledge about AI
Easy and straight forward material to acquire general knowledge about AI.
Its amazing Course. It helped me Very much and got the knowledge about IA
I really liked the course.And it gave me more interesting things about AI
Great insight about AI. Thank you for giving such a great lectures on AI.
Concepts explained in very simple and interesting way with adequate examp
great opportunity to complete this course and learn AI from andrew ng sir
Really made aware of all things related to AI in a nice manner. Thank You
A good introduction for any one who is trying to understand more about AI
It is very good platform to learn something new and everyone should learn
this is a great course for knowing about the new electricity of the world
This course gives me broad preliminary knowledge on AI impacts and issues
This is a very basic course on AI and helps in clearing our the concepts.
AI made simple and applicable. A good course to expand the adoption of AI
This course id really good and helped me put to gain information about AI
A great explanation of what AI is using language everyone can understand.
This is the best learning website to learn AI and to become a programmer.
I should see this excellent training one year ago:) cannot wait so took a
Such a nice, detailed and understandable course for a student. Keep it up
It gave me just enough information to understand a conversation about AI.
A very good non-technical introductory course to AI and its applications.
I always recommend this course for those who want to get into AI/ML field
I want to thank Andrew for guiding us through the mysterious world of AI.
This is the first time that i start learning AI, it was very good course!
Very interesting topics, nice structure, clear and interesting to listen
Excellent course. It focuses on how companies can adopt this technology.
I loved every minute of this course - well structured and well delivered
I want everyone who is interested in doing AI to go through this course.
I really appreciate the way Andrew Ng taught.I really admire he's work .
Indeed a great course takes you through every aspect of AI and industry.
Interesting and useful course.My greetings and thanks to the instructor.
Its a very good course that one should undergo for acquiring basis on AI
Very useful session for know the information are to learning now courses
This one is a good starting pack for people who wants to maneuver in A.I
Excellent course for beginners and great insights to a great technology.
The best course on AI impact in real world applications and future uses.
awesome the course...i have enlarge to my understanding to this field...
This course underlines the main aspects of AI in a very unequivocal way.
Recommended for everyone. Amazing course taught by a phenomenal teacher.
Thank you for this interesting course! Really helpful! Looking for more!
He explains things very nicely ... it's a must-take course for everyone.
Very interesting subject, thank you very much for give me good knowledge
Loved it Finished it in 2 days over the weekend. Accessible to everyone.
It is more useful because it explain the industrial oriented information
Teaching is Exceptionally well and very informative for the new learners
I am happy to have a good opportunity . To learn and study about the AI.
I really enjoyed this course. It was thorough and informative yet brief.
Excellent. i got plenty of information related to AI. thanks to coursera
Its an excellent introduction to AI and gives a well rounded explanation
Learning Basics of AI is a good experience i coursera portal. thank you.
Faculty lectures were very useful and mentioned everything to the point.
Very well organized course and gives a clear training about the subject.
Andrew is a great teacher with a fantastic insight into the AI industry.
interessting introduction into ai, its possibilities, limitations and ap
Thank You for the valuable knowledge added during the 4 weeks of change!
A simple way to explain AIA good start for someone who wants to start AI
Quite a first hand exposure to AI in General.Hats Off to #Andrew_NG Sir.
wonderful, thanks to sir Andrew ng for such a nice lecture delivering...
Amazingly simplified course which can be understood by a novice as well.
Excellent Course , very helpful to understand AI and thank you Coursera.
This course is a great head-start to know about Artificial Intelligence.
A very good primer course given the brevity of the videos in my opinion.
Well conducted course. Andrew has made this simple yet very informative.
Excellent course for the non-technical minded. Avoid if you are a tekkie
This is a very good course for people who don't have any idea about AI.
The course is really great, it was for me a very good insight about AI.
Andrew Sir just rocked it. He explained topics clearly and interesting.
Learned AI technology, can be usefull for implementing in routine work.
It was really a good course to start learning with and knowing about AI
Clear explanation on complex conceptions, with good examples and facts.
Very helpful course materials, the lecture is informative and inspiring
I got basic idea related to basic principles of AI through this course.
This course provides an excellent introduction to AI and deep learning.
It is really a outstanding course..learn a lot about AI and much more..
good course learnt a lot, though im a student, will be hlpful in future
Got to know about basics and scope of research by efficient Instructor.
It's really wonderful platform to learn courses.i was really satisfied.
Very easy to follow and understand, great teacher!Thanks for helping me
Good introduction to AI. The quality of lectures is high. Recommend it.
Its a great course for anyone who wants to know that what really is AI.
Very good course. Even non technical person is also easily understands.
Very Simple, concise and informative. Great learning experience. Thanks
Wonderfull course I have learned a lot from our great teacher Dr.andrew
This course gives to the point  knowledge of AI systems and technology.
every detail and simple to understand for someone without AI knowledge.
Highly informativeRight contentClear explanationGreat course to take-up
important course for those who want to start with AI much thanks Andrew
Excellent course. Easy to follow and packed full of useful information.
AI for Everyone. i think this is the best course...thank you Andrew Neg
This is very very good course for every student or every one and thanks
a good start for people who wan't to understand AI , Thanks for Andrews
Very happy with this course - Good tempo, great explanations, no fluff.
Very well tuned to give a general overview of potentialities and limits
It was very informative and easily understandable. Highly recommended.
I am so happy to gain basic knowledge about AI here. Thanks a lot sir.
An excellent course by an excellent instructor.. very excited to learn
EXCELLENT INFORMATION ABOUT AI THANKYOU SIR FOR SHARING THE KNOWLEDGE.
Very good information for layman. Great teacher, excellent explanation
Very good introductory course for those willing to choose ai in future
This course gave me a overall view about AI covering all it's aspects.
The instructor prepared well for this course. It is concise and clear.
This course was extremely helpful, especially for beginners, Thank you
well explained, looking for more on coursera hope AI will recommend me
You should opt for this course to rectify the misconceptions about AI.
Great intro for people wanting to start in this field from an AI Icon!
Gud knowledge about the AI by using this online course in Ur courseara
its my pleasure for doing such a nyc and easily understandable course.
Love it! thanks for this course I learn exactly what i was looking for
Teaching is awesome .way of the teaching I felt very closely touching!
This is indeed a course if you really want to start understanding AI .
make videos in a pdf format then we can read again when we have quiers
Its interesting to learning this courses.thank you sir for this course
GOT AN OVERVIEW OF CURRENT ARTIFICAL INTELLIGENCE AND ITS ADVERSE USES
Love this topic course and the way of conveying concepts were awesome.
Awesome. Loved the course. The way profesor delievered it was amazing.
very much informative ,learned lots of information from the instructor
I really enjoyed this course, a great place to start to understand AI.
Short & sweet, very well explained with lots of examples - just great!
It is very helpful course to understand the overall AI related issues.
Great course by Andrew, Really thankful, he is truly the best teacher.
A must course for uninitiated and a good overview for the enthusiasts.
Helpful non-technical course for enterprise to plan AI transformation.
Amazing, I knew nothing and now I can understand basic stuff about AI.
Fascinating course Congratulation , it was a pleasure to work with You
Thank you for giving me that opportunity to do this wonderful course..
Excellent primer for understanding the potential and limitations of AI
Brilliant course , goes over the basics very well for the non  techies
It was a great course to understand the basics of AI, for an executive
Nice and concise presentation, real world examples.  Thanks Andrew Ng.
I gained a lot of knowledge about AI by taking this course. Thank you!
Great Course! Andrew Ng has pointed out the main topics on AI subject.
Very good Introductory course on AI, enjoyed the learning experience.
Informative and easy to follow along. Great lectures and assignments.
This is a great course. You will learn a lot. Thank you Mr. Andrew Ng
A really good course and has been explained really well by Andrew N G
Thanks to the instructor Andrew Ng sir.I learned many basic about AI.
The Al for every ones is very good Mach  learning the courses super .
It's really an interesting and an understandable way to learn the AI.
This course design is excellent especially for beginners to study AI.
It was competent and an  excellent platform to learn many commodities
It is a very good platform for learning new things and new technology
I have learn many things about AI after watching the videos thank you
Great course for beginners to gain some momentum in AI understanding.
That is my first step in learning AI and it's been a great experience
Great videos, explanation & examples makes course easy to understand.
Great course for Sr. leadership and people getting started with AL/ML
Brilliant topic, brilliant content, brilliant facilitator. Thank YOU.
Its really excellent and i am glad to learn from this site.Thank you,
Excellent course and i've learnt a lot from Andrew Ng Thanks Coursera
it so nice experience for me on coursera so nice teaching methodology
Andrew is really a good teacher, he simplify the AI idea very clearly
Learnt so much and applied it to my business as I read on. Thank you!
Very good course content and explained very thoroughly with examples.
Instructor is very good. Quite clear in concepts and thought process.
I am very grateful to have this courseit's systematic and inspiring
Very understandable, covering wide range of topics. Thank you Andrew.
Very Helpfull And Neccesary for all AI Beginners to learn this course
Excellent course for beginner level and teaching level was quit good.
Thank you Prof. Andrew Ng. I completed the course with 85.60% points.
Easy to consume. Worked equally well without visuals- like a podcast.
Great overview and perspective for anyone leading automation efforts.
Must go starter course for Everyone who wants to learn about the AI.
a very informative way learning AI ! Kudos to S' Andrew Ng and team!
Sensational. All that you need for getting involved in the AI world.
Awesome course for beginners, narrated in the most simplified manner
its a really good course giving me an insight to modern AI methods .
AI teaches itself everything it needs to know about any given topic.
very good and useful to everyone who interested  to  learn about AI.
Really awesome . Exceptional . Best explanation . Love this course .
Thank you so much for such best introductory course Andrew Ng... :-)
A very good course to get your basic concepts of AI right/ clarified
It's a good course for me to approch AI. New journey for me. Thanks~
Thank you for the course. who are beginners like me it is excellent.
Definitely a course that provides a head start into the world of AI!
This was the perfect introductory course on AI. Thank you Andrew Ng!
excellent course , i got 50% knowledge .thank you deep learning team
Great Course! it will be very helpful for next steps in my carriere.
Make ordinary people easily understand some basic related knowledge.
Andrew has a very engaging style and explains concepts very clearly.
Great course for those that know nothing about AI, very enlightening
One of the Best course for learning of AI to precede a bright future
It is really very useful course, and it give me a good idea about AI
Was good intro to AI. Especially the optional videos were very good.
This course helps me understand about AI and related content easily.
very nicely articulated that understanding of the subject made easy.
teaching level and online teaching envirnoment is very comfortable..
It gives a good general understanding about Artificial Intelligence.
Nice general ideas and concepts on AI. No programming skills needed.
Very helpful information for a complete novice in AI such as myself.
Great course for a general understanding of AI! Thanks, Andrea Ng :)
Very comprehensive course. Great non-technical delivery of lectures.
I think this is very great for your first step to start AI learning!
THANK YOU SO MUCH ! IT WAS REALLY USEFUL....SUGGESTION - GO FOR IT!
Worth, easy to learn regarding AI. Thank you Andrew and team behind
it's a course when you can have a really good idea of what it's AI.
Non technical course.But good for people from business perspective.
This course was very interesting and will help me to choose my FYP.
This course is very easy when I learn because Sir explains clearly.
really enjoyed with this course.learned a lot about AI and some ML.
IT IS VERY USEUL COURSE TO STUDENTS ,AND EXPLATION ABOUT THE COURSE
Very interesting course with a passionated and enlightening teacher
Thank you so much, I am happy to be a part of this outclass course.
very nice course , all AI lovers will enjoy it and good explanation
Excellent introduction to the world of the Artificial Intelligence.
Excelent course for an introduction and explanation of the AI world
Very well explained and easy approach for the no technical profiles
So wonderful to have Coursera offer this class for understanding AI
Awesome, well constructed course. Loved the pictures on the wall :)
Best course to get started your career in Artificial Intelligence !
Thank you Prof.Andrew Ng for giving a beautiful Introduction to AI.
fabulous introduction- cant wait to learn more .thank you Andrew Ng
Well structured and a digestible start for novices interested in AI
This is everything to start you journey in Artificial Intelligence.
Highly recommended for everyone especially for the upper management
Flow of topics and the presentation are the stand out performances.
Very well detailed course. Thank you i learnt many things from here
Excellent introduction to AI. Very relevant to business executives.
Excellent introduction to AI. Andrew is a very engaging instructor.
Precise and informative content with examples to understand better
I enjoyed how simple and easy to understand andrew made the course
The course is really helpful to get some new information about AI.
Great course to start my path of AI applied in financial solutions
Amazing one. Its a good start for beginners to get a glimpse of AI
An easy way to understand what AI comprises of and what it is not.
Really interesting course, well presented, de-mystified AI for me.
Very great overview for people who want to get the bigger picture.
Excellent material, highly structured and of high quality Thanks!!
this is a great start to someone who needs a introduction to Ai/ML
It was an amazing course. Thanks for providing me the opportunity.
Thank you for providing such a wonderfull course to learn about AI
Easy to understand and very informative course! Highly recommended
Thanks to Prof. Andrew for an excellent introductory course on AI.
Artificial intelligence refers to simulation of human intelligence
Thanks Courera  To help me to learn about Al and increase my Skils
Very interesting and with highly valuable insights about this area
Great Elaborated course for beginners with the basics and theory .
I have learned a lot.Good course to suggest to other students too.
Great Course for Beginners and Executives who want to jump into AI
Too good for a beginner. its a must course for every AI Enthusiast
its was really good to many of the people who want to learn the AI
IT WAS WONDERFUL TIME TO LEARN WITH COURSERA, I SUGGEST MY FRIENDS
Fantastic course as an introduction to IA. Totally recommendable!!
Excellent courseware and great delivery by Andrew NG, as expected!
great course; gives you a great insight in different aspects of AI
Good course for understanding what is an AI? and How can we use it
It was a really good course and really help me a lot in knowing AI
The course is very clear and useful to start learning the AI world
Very good and informative course. Want more explanation like this.
Very well explained the course. Thanks, Coursera for awesome work.
A very useful course and it achieves almost everything said in the
Excellent course for one to start on a solid ground. Great course!
Great course, AI that is understandable to all.  Just get started!
this is a high level intro to ai, lot of concept to get start, thx
The course was quite thorough and I had a great time learning it.
I didnt get refund option. What to do for refund please suggest.
Simple and Excellent way of learning with examples of real world.
It was an interesting and I got more knowledge about AI.Thank you
Gives a basic look into what AI is and what it can and cannot do.
Very nice content & explanation.  oice is too low for all videos.
Informative and easy to understand how AI can impact our society.
Highly recommended for anyone wanting to start learning about AI.
Great course - taught me a lot about the role of AI in businesses
this course is very much useful now  videos & explanation is good
Got knowledge about AI and interested to learn more about it.....
It was fantastic learning experience thru Coursera. I enjoyed it.
Regards to Mr. Andrew for this wonderful course and coursera too.
The videos were very well explained and helped in better learning
Nice and comprehensive overview of AI applications! Thanks Andrew
excellently explained and useful for beginners and learned people
Excellent Course for beginners, Course instructor explained well.
a very excellent way to explain the basics concepts with examples
This is the best course for beginner who are looking ahead in AI.
Very insightful and well explained with easy examples. thank you!
Very straight forward and easy to understand what AI really means
Exceptional for who is like to have a 360 degrees overview of AI.
Very well structured and detailed explanation of what AI truly is
this was an amazing experience, I m very glad to take this course
It is a very help full course for students for professional life.
Amazing, important & must course for any budding AI practitioner.
Excellent notes by Andrew Ng, I simply love watching him teaching
really a good course loved it friendly to all sorts of background
Good overall introduction course. A great starter!Would recommend
This course really good and quite informative for beginners of AI
Very helpful course for the one who wants to build an AI startup.
Course was good for overview of AI as abstract rather than detail
The starting point towards my journey of becoming an AI Engineer.
Very effective eagle eye course for top management and executives
A great course to give non-technical people an overall view of AI
this was a very good course.all the concepts were explained well
Very good environment to learn without any pressures.  Thank you
Andrew explains everything with so ease.He is a great man!!  :))
Its amazing set of video that explaining with practical approch.
you are too at explanation.....i'm glad to have you as my mentor
Very good reviews and Very much important topic and interesting.
It is very useful course app really make students to learn a lot
Really it is very useful to everyone and it gives good knowledge
It was very helpful to get the basic idea of AI and its effects.
Everything you need to know about AI. This course covers it all.
Explaining of the course is excellent  and easily understandable
really friendly guy. easy to understand. explains it really well
brilliant , so amazing course and instructor very helpful course
Excellent Course outline having best Speakers and easy examples.
best tutor ever and great user friendly path created by cousera.
Excellent Course Content Taught By Highly Knowledgeable Lecturer
Videos are very good and explained an easy way to understand AI.
very very helpful. well designed and managed. easy to understand
Perfect course for the beginners who are new to the Field of AI.
Very useful and helpful.. Highly recommend to all the beginners,
It is a great course to start your journey into the world of AI.
An extraordinary course for people who begin in machine learning
Very interesting Course and is made easy for everybody to learn.
Very clear and easy to follow. Definitely an entry level course.
Great for people who have no idea about artificial intelligence.
Very good generalist course if you need to get an overview of AI
Recommended for all ! Excellent clarity of content and delivery!
Very informative. Thanks Andrew Ng and coursera for this course.
Brilliant course! Never thought learning AI can be so much fun.
The course has provided the useful fundamental knowledge in AI.
Best AI course for my life. This is the best course I ever see.
I love the course of how easily it covers all basic areas of AI
A brilliant introduction to AI and it's application to society.
Very nice course to get into AI, all concepts clearly explained
one of the best introductory course to get started in AI field.
Simple, easy and time efficient course with much encouragement!
I thank Coursera and Dr. Andrew Ng for such a wonderful course.
An eye to the tremendous amount of oppurtunities unlocked bY AI
I am very happy to learn this course. It is very useful for me.
EXCELLENT TEACHERAND EXCELLENT QUESTION OF WEEK 4 LAST QUESTION
Very well done. Very pleased with the content and presentation.
Course Quality is Excellent and it helps to improve my concepts
Very nice to leave each and every topic with excellent examples
A good course for having comprehensive idea on AI and its usage
The modules had selected information. Easy to learn and access.
This course has given an insight about Artificial Intelligenece
one of the upcoming trende course and i learn lot of new things
Good basic knowledge of AI and knowing how to start AI journey.
excellent course ! a great introduction on AI. should be recomm
Thanks for Teaching me AI for Every one Andrew is great teacher
Really comprehensive course! Instructor is expert of the field.
Very impressive breakdown, delivery & enlightenment. Good stuff
Awesome training and material. Thanks to Andrew Ng and Coursera
This course gave me good start to understand an overview of AI.
Easy to learn! Best explanations and Examples are just awesome!
I have learn a lot of thing about AI Thank you so much for that
Gives a good understanding of AI for non-technical backgrounds.
Great common foundation for all participants in AI/ML projects.
Fantastic course for leaders to familiarise themselves with AI.
Welldone website to learn the online courses.thank you cousera
A lot of great nuggets to start exploring AI in organizations!
Very Informative indeed! very well structured videos and quiz!
Such a simple and brief explanation. It was easy to understand
Mr Andrew Ng is a very good lecturer. His teaching is awesome.
Excellent way of teaching. This course is really  for everyone
This course helps me understanding AI from the very beginning.
Very good course for those who want to learn the basics of AI.
really helpful course. I learned a lot about AI as a beginner.
Great virtual training session content was thoroughly cleared.
it was really a good experience .I  have gained some knoweldge
It's very good to learn and I have learnt many things about AI
Such a good course to make a career in artificial intelligence
This course is no simple endeavour. It reflect on our hardwork
Great Job Sir.Best Course to Start from the scratch To lear AI
very useful course to learn all about artificial intelligence!
Excellent course for various professional as quick start of AI
A very informative course to kickstart your learning about AI.
overall course content is accessble and workable for projects.
Its great learning experience. Thank you Coursera and Andre Ng
A very good course for beginners who want to explore about AI.
I love this course, and instructopr. Thanks to you ,Andrew sir
This course is very helpful in explaining the  concepts of AI.
It is very good to study For AI hopefully we will used in life
Great starter before diving deep into the technicalities of AI
Awesome course with great examples and case studies. Loved it.
Great teacher and interesting topics for someone staring in AI
A good introduction for AI beginners! Thanks, Prof. Andrew Ng!
i am very satisfied and feel great knowledge moving within me.
Very articulated and accessible content. Andrew Ng as awesome!
Its superb!! It gives a real and clear view of AI technology..
Outstanding Experience . i love the way he tough to me. thanks
Great introduction to AI!   Interested in taking more courses!
Very nice and informative. Expect similar videos in the future
its very useful for our work to be completed in a smart manner
Thanks, this was very detailed session on AI general awareness
It was outstanding for me to learn this technology from here!!
Best Course I Learnt Alot From This Course. Highly Recommended
Excellent for the layman to gain a better understanding of Ai.
Really i learn alots of thing with this course Thank Andrew :)
Fantastic course, super user-friendly and easy to understand.
Great Starter for AI especially in terms of business strategy
Kind and patient instruction. Perfect for absolute beginners.
I Loved this course so much... Thanks for making this course.
I like this course.And it clarified many of my douts about AI
This is a great course as an introduction to understanding AI
The Best Course That I have taken in Artificial Intelligence.
It is Excellent course, Everyone should learn this knowledge.
Explained in very simple words but learning is very profound.
i like this course and this taught me very interesting things
I'd learned a  lot about AI, AI projects and also jobs in AI.
Nice and easily described course. I like it very much. Thanks
Very Useful Program. Got to know the industrial working of AI
AI For Everyone is a great non-technical introductory course.
easy to understand and all the questons in quiz are very good
Wonderful content from Andrew NG as usual, great delivery....
Great overview anyone (everyone) could digest and learn from.
A great popular overview of what AI is and where it is going.
Good course came to know abou AI and its merits and de-merits
Great course in covering every aspect of it. A 360 view of AI
This course give you a good start in starting your AI journey
Very easy to digest, propelled me to learn more on the topic!
A very well covered topic to provide the required information
This is a great business overview of AI and machine learning.
This is undoubtedly the best online course I have ever taken.
Through this course, I have gained a better insight about AI.
very good course and it helped me a lot to gain my knowledge
Great overview of AI. Points given are clear and actionable.
The content delivery was good and enabled me to learn better
A great introduction to the business and tech aspects of AI.
Excellent course offered and was explained in a good manner.
Excellent Course to gain knowledge about AI and its effects.
It was a great course.Very easy to understand for beginners.
Excellent course to understand artificial intelligence world
Thank you very much Andrew Ng, this is a really good course.
An Excellent AI Intro course! Andrew Ng is a superb teacher!
Great way of getting a good sense on AI... Highly recomended
Excellent experience of learning and have learnt new skills.
An Amazing Introduction to AI and how to get started with AI
Great Introductory course on what AI is ,its uses and future
it is a nice course will detail about trending AI technology
Excellent explanation of topics. Motivating videos......Good
It was great to learn this online course.it was useful to me
thanks to coursera, we have such good AI program instructor.
Very usefull to every student to gain some knowledge over AI
amzaingcoursenowsomucideaaboutAIandhowcangettheprogress inAI
Very informative and simple. Plus Mr. Andrew is very nice :)
its quite interesting  and  gave me brief knowledge about AI
It is very useful for understanding the fundamentals of AI .
Really the training was made interesting basic content of AI
Made me fall in love with AI. It could not have been better.
Great Course it makes me smarter at Artificial Intelligence.
very good and covers all we need about this important field.
Nice course, with basic, but usefull content for all people.
It's awesome to learn modern day skills at Coursera. Thanks.
Really nice introduction for a novice like myself, thank-you
good course for those who want to start their journey in AI.
A Great Course to get useful insights and start the journey!
Very good introduction to basic AI concepts and terminology.
Excellent for senior management - perfect introduction to AI
Loved the way of teaching each part positively and deeply :)
A gentle and soft introduction to AI for virtually everyone.
This course is very helpful for me to have an overview of AI
This course is a great introduction to AI. Thanks Andrew Ng!
Thank you for providing this online information. Great help!
Great overview and coverage of basic AI concepts and trends.
This course helps me to understand AI effects on our lives.
Excellent For Information regarding Artificial Intelligence
Easy to understand and broad-based view of implementing AI.
great course, very informative!  AI is the new electricity!
I learnt many thing about AI and I thanks to the professor.
Excellent course for learning a basic introduction about AI
I'm very enlighted by this course. Thanks to the Professor.
Thank youVery informative session Very interesting to learn
It is heplfull to gain knowledge of technology and sciences
A great explanation and covered most of the topic in brief,
Really it fantastic course......explore much more knowledge
learned AI concepts. A very useful course for the beginners
I learned a lot through this course.....Thanks you so much.
Best course for beginners who want to know basics about AI.
Good,coursera app i like this course and its too intersting
Good course for introducing AI to people unfamiliar with it
The course is very useful thank you so much for this course
Well designed course & syllabus. Clear and concise. Thanks.
I will recommend this course for non-technical AI learning.
This course was really helpful for me to start learning AI.
Easy to Understand & Very Effective Teaching with examples.
This is a best course for all who are interested in the AI.
Very helpful for beginners who want to start working in AI.
truely a good stuff.understanding and applicable .thankyou.
Excellent Introduction to basics of AI without mathematics.
awesome  and extremely useful course very thoughtfully made
Great course, with good structure and explicit explanation.
nice and the teacher is great and my all concept  are clear
Dr. Ng is brilliant and committed to sharing his knowledge.
Andrew ng always could  explain  concept clearly.Very good!
Very informative and extremely well narrated and explained.
Great Course, good pace, easy to understand and insightful.
Andrew made AI concepts very simple to understand. Thanks A
Great effort, keep up the good work and always stay blessed
Really helpful for absolute beginners to get idea about AI.
Thank you for this very interesting and enthutiastic course
A fantastic introduction into the field of AI. Many thanks!
The course was really simple yet important.Thanks Andrew!!!
Quite simple explanation of the course content by Andrew Ng
The best course to get started with Artificial Intelligence
andrew is the best so soft and polite yet full of knowledge
Andrew was a fantastic guide - helped get the basics right.
Informative course with very approachable ways of teaching.
Very use ful and helpful course to Understand about the AI.
A great first step into AI. Don't miss the optional videos.
Good overview of AI 101 and sample application in industry.
Gives a great introduction to AI for a beginner! Thank you
The instructor is awesome and the course is well designed.
Excellent course for the foundational basic concepts of AI
Very well summarized the concepts behind AI with examples.
Non technical course, just for the overview of what is AI.
that was great , thank you all for hardworking  .good luck
As usual nice presentation and explanation by Prof. Andrew
Very informative course. Great instructor. Easy to follow.
wonderful teaching easy methodology thank you soo much sir
Very good introductory course based on theory and practice
Awesome course for getting an overview on the basics of AI
This course can prove to be a great first step towards AI.
Highly informative and offering great real world examples.
clear, exhaustive, good examples, right pace, good quizzes
Thank you so much , i'll try to take your another courses!
This course is really good for understand the basics of AI
Andrew Ng is a great scientist and an inspiring professor.
The Best course to begin with the artificial intelligence!
Great overview of the basics and how to get started on ML.
Interactive content, great tone and sound level of speaker
Excellently curated for the non-tech executive. Thank you.
It was fantastic course and i really got to know about AI.
It was insightful and amazingly introduced. Thanks Andrew.
More examples should be there to understand the topic well
Great introduction to AI from a non-technical perspective!
This is the course that everyone should learn as its name!
Very nice overview of AI from a non-technical perspective.
it's good course for the beginner to understand what's AI.
Awesome course, getting acquainted to what AI could offer.
Excellently explained..good for learning AI for beginners
Most valuable course to study in this lock-down period !!
Nice course. Motivate me to learn more about AI.Thank you
very good presentation, structured and easy to understand
Very good introductory course to AI. A must for everyone.
Very engaging instructor and simple understandable slides
Very Useful and Explained in Simple way to understand AI.
Very Informative Course for beginners.Highly recommended.
This course is very beneficial for our future. Thank you.
Great intro into the subject, with passion and expertise.
This is a course on the basics of Artificial Intelligence
IT'S A  LIFE TIME EXPERIENCE I GOT TO KNOW EVER BIT OF AI
It was a great experience understanding A.I. in this way.
It is very simple way to understand as beginner into a AI
Simple and was able to understand very well. Well taught!
Every AI enthusiast should take this course to begin with
It is very useful for me and most important for every one
Great course for introducing people to the concept of AI.
Excellent course that make a first step in the AI career.
Very simple to understand and very nicely designed course
Good foundation and guidance are the need for the future.
Andrew Ng made the course easy to follow and interesting.
very clear presentations and explanations. Thanks a lot!!
Excellent! The course covers every perspectives about AI.
Very Good teaching Thankyou Sir Andrew  Thankyou Coursera
Good course. Gives an insight into AI for the uninitiated
Excellent and exceptional training by trainer. Thank You!
Thank you, Dr. Ng! I look forward to meeting you someday!
Great introduction to AI. Gave me the itch to learn more.
Exactly what it offered, looking forward to learning more
This is an excellent course from the AI guru - Andrew Ng.
Glad to know about AI from a non Technical perspective !!
Brilliant Course for understanding the whole domain of AI
Very specific course materials and interactive lectures.
Amazing course very exciting and perfect for a beginner!
Great intro of what is AI for the non-technical audience
Its a wonderful platform for acknowledging ourselves....
i gained alot of knowledge now i came to know what is ai
It was Good experience.I learnt lot of Innovative things
I have learned from scratch all the basis concepts of IA
Absolutely essential in this economy to upskill yourself
Enjoyed every bit of it, Andrew is an excellent teacher.
Professor Andrew Ng is a best example for how to teach..
Very effective learning material is provided in coursera
This is an awesome course for  basic understanding of AI
I was soo excited to learn this course finally completed
the concept explanation is good and very much expressive
Really it great course for inculcate knowledge about AI.
It's a gud course to learn about artificial intelligence
Very rounded and approachable, a fantastic first course!
Thankyou Sir! Best of wishes and prayers, from Pakistan!
very thank full for sharing this type of advanced skills
This course gives me clarity on Present situation on AI.
Easy to understand the map of AI, friendly to a fresher.
The course content and its delivery was very impressive.
Great course, contain great insights and easy to follow!
good for getting awareness and to take first steps in AI
Great course !!!! Complex concept made simple. Thank you
Very interesting, good level of deep dive into material!
Crisp and short course to understand fundamentals of AI.
This course is too beneficial for me to start Al journey
A very informative course delivered in a very simple way
Very helpful for transforming my company! Thanks Andrew!
Excellent course for any layman to understand what is AI
Excellent course for someone seeking a general knowledge
One of the best course learned online. Kudos to AndreNg.
Great overview of the state of the art of AI. Thank you!
A good course to get an overall look at AI for everyone.
Good instructor and easy to understand for presentation.
A well organized introduction course of AI for everyone
This is my first online course and I enjoyed this course
Nice course if you are using ai in your presentations :)
This class help me understand AI concept with examples.
Very informative using simple language and explanations
Easy to understand, cover lot of real cases as examples
Simple introductory course for beginner. WEll designed.
Learnt so many things through this course . Good course
Great course, more in-depth than I thought it would be.
Fantastic intro to AI. I thoroughly enjoyed the course!
It was really excellent experience to take this course.
Wonderful start to learn about AI and Machine Learning.
This session has helped me a lot to understand about AI
Really good explanation by andrew and i found it useful
The professor taught really well and interesting to me.
Very Valuable course and instructor is also good....!!!
Good teaching . This is the platform to learn AI course
nice way to make us understand the importance of course
over all course that AI can implemented that real world
very good and very useful course for upcoming  students
AI Course basic Knowledge so Impress because Teach Good
really amazing platform..sir keep it up ..thank you sir
excellent course loved it had a great overview about AI
very effective and well structured course for everyone!
An excellent overview of AI technology and capabilities
Good for No technical as well beginner technical people
The explanation are very good and simple to understand.
As always an excellent introductory AI course by AndreW
Very good course. it was also very easy and informative
Excellent course, clear contents even for AI beginners.
The materials are comprehensive but easy to understand.
Its a great course. I learned a lot from it up-to know.
i didn't get any certificate for completing this course
The best way to understand AI in the most simplest way.
I learnt so many new things and had fun in this course.
Gives a quick understanding on AI terminology, concept,
Absolutely Simple & Easy to understand for the new bees
Nicely taught and very great for introductory purposes.
really nice and general  for beginners and nontechnical
Really enjoyed the course and Dr Ng is a great teacher.
must do course for business managers and product owners
The information is really useful and easy to understand
This is awesomely explained by Andrew NG. Thanks a lot.
Perfect Overview of AI from the very best in the world!
Great Presenter, Great Content, Thoroughly Recommended!
Very efficient and easy way to explain AI. Thank you .
Loved it..................It was so easy to understand
Amazing Explanation about AI from general perspective.
good time learning it. looking forward to more courses
Very useful course and has great details for beginners
Very good sir...I gained lot of knowledge, Very useful
This is the course to every one,not only for engineers
It is useful for our career and to know it's in future
Got a very good overview about Artificial inteligence.
Very Interesting Course. Concepts cleared very nicely.
Very good Subject and excellent explanation.Thank You.
Very informative and useful course. Thank You so much.
This is a good course to understand what AI really is.
I have gained much  basic Knowledge on this. Thank You
Great content! Thank you for providing this framework!
Simple and effective way to learn about the mystic AI.
.I have learned that what AI can do and what cant
do.
Excellent introduction to AI.  Very much enjoyed this!
Excellent course, highly recommended. Great professor!
A very interesting and informative introductory course
A very good course on the overview of AI to beginners.
Andrew makes the easy path for completing this course.
Excellent overview of AI. A course everyone must take.
Great course for everyone as a reminder and framework.
Very helpful and I am very satisfied with this course
Great, very good to understand, compliments to Andrew
Truly AI for everyone! Could not be explained better.
Absolutely amazing experience to learn from Andre NG.
Is exactly why I needed to understand the basis of AI
Gives a concise understanding of AI and the use of AI
This course demystify's AI for Management Leadership.
Disgned simply to understand for non technical people
it has helped me to gain more perspective over the AI
It was very good experience to learn about new things
its one of the best course that i have learned so far
Good door of knowledge about AI.Excellent Work,Thanks
Easily comprehensible. Andrew  is a great instructor.
Excellent Course to Kickstart Artificial Intelligence
It  was really useful and the author taught very well
Nice presentation and informative talk by the speaker
A lot to learn for beginners. Absolutely recommended.
such a great teacher . i wish i could work under him.
Perfect course to start with AI. Very well explained.
Best non-technical overview from the best AI teacher!
Professor Andrew NG is an excellent tutor. Thank you.
thanks for andrew ng sir for giving a valuable course
A good introductory to AI, basics are well explained.
Well, i have learned a lot, tutor explained very well
Andrew Ng is very good teacher .This course is amzing
Easy to understand and good for staring to next step.
Great introduction to basic AI  and its applications.
Very well explained in a simple way. Thanks Andrew :)
The best approach to de AI world. Highly recommended.
Best Course! Really appreciated! Thanks Andrew Ng..!!
As Beginner It Gives Me a Great Information About AI.
Course Contents are very good and easy to understand.
Excellent short course and well presented. Great job!
Good Content and Simply superb explanation of course
If possible, I want to learn more knowledge about AI
wonderful experience. My hats are off for instructor
Excellent! Andrew N G is simply cool! God bless him!
Good course and Andrew Ng is a very good instructor.
The best course in the coursera.Thanks for everyone.
lots of new things learning and I really enjoying it
I learned from this course that was my plan to learn
It was useful and i have gained a knowledge about AI
Life changing course ! AI is the New Electricity !..
best course to understand AI applications from basic
The course is excellent and the teacher even better!
Very concise and thorough course on AI for everyone.
the teacher is good, he always smile and do a jokes.
This was an excellent course! I highly recommend it!
nice videos and questions are having multiple answer
The best beginner course on Artificial Intelligence.
Very interesting and helpful for project development
it was very good explaination for introduction to ai
Excellent Course very much useful career upgradation
It's very useful for me to learn new things about AI
It's amazing to learn about ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE.
Excellent course for understnading AI for beginners.
Fantastic course for a beginner and nicely presented
Its really great Excited course is "AI FOR EVERYONE"
greatly explained. had good feeling after completing
excellent course.gained a lot of knowledgwe about ai
Very good explanation and the course is informative.
Very useful course to know about the present trends.
Great Course to learn about the bigger picture of AI
Very good course for getting started into AI World !
Very realistic course with good technical background
i own a great opportunity in learning with coursera.
Very good course. Easy to understand and giving real
Perfect course for an insight into AI for everyone !
Great intro for no tech people get insights about AI
A good lecture. Helpful to get into the AI industry.
excellent course, and an easy understanding approach
Great intro course - Andrew Ng is an excellent tutor
I'm now able to understand the main stakes around AI
Very clear and rich explanation for AI area! Thanks.
is was very help full to understand the future of AI
Great resource to get started with understanding AI.
My first and the best experience in online learning.
Really good and well explain AI introductory course.
very nice description about AI.Thank you Andrew Ng .
Good, basic introduction to artificial intelligence!
Really helpful course. Enjoy the learning experience
It's very helpful for me to understand AI knowledge.
Good one, with the focus on application in industry.
Great course, great teacher, easy to follow for all.
Very helpful in understanding AI and its importance.
Thank you for this course. Now I want to learn more.
Learned a lot about AI. Now intrigued to learn more.
Very good Course. I gain a clear idea about the AI.
thank you for teaching me the basics of ai and uses
A good introduction on what AI is about. Thank you.
This is another great one from Andrew Ng.... 
best online course of my life !!thank you Andrew Ng
A very good,complete and comprehensive course......
This help me to know about  artificial intelligence
Very interesting and insightly.Really learnt a lot!
A perfect beginner-level course for AI. Enjoyed it.
Andrew is an amazing person. This is a great course
Great course,everyone has to study with this course
A beautifully built program for nontechnical aspect
Its great for the basics of Artificial Intelligence
Best course on AI and fruitful information about AI
Really great course learned lots of things about ai
Very helpful course. It is very easy to understand.
well taught and explained and leaves you motivated.
Good fundamental knowledge on technology of future.
this course give me the detail information about AI
GREAT COURSE WHICH IS ACTUALLY FOR ANYONE/EVERYONE.
Very good course to learn fundamental aspects of AI
very nice  course gives a good information about AI
great course to have preliminary knowledge about AI
Thanks for the course and its interesting contents.
Excellent Explanation for beginners to learn easily
Andrew Ng is undoubtedly the best instructor ever!!
It has been a very Informative Course Thank You !!!
Great owner to learn this course with sir Andrew Ng
My favourite course so far, Andrew Ng is incredible
Amazing watered-down learning approach by Andrew Ng
Great course, very good examples, exciting quizzes.
this course Was a big experience for me, i love it!
A very good understanding to AI & its applications.
Easy to understand  and very  knowledgable contents
I learned lot of things about AI, Thank you so much
Great intro to AI and ML.  Definitely worth taking!
A short but nice course explaining AI fundamentals.
It was an excellent and best experience of learning
Execellent course. I got all my answer regarding AI
An excellent course by a wonderful teacher.  Thanks
A great introduction course for entering AI world.
Really good introduction to AI and great examples.
clear and crisp understanding of AI for a beginner
Great course for introductory level guidance to AI
Very Good Teacher, Very Good Explanation...Thank u
Simply amazing course to understand an AI concept.
More helpful and lot information get here about AI
Its batter way to understand topics for AI subject
so happy with this course, and very usefull aswell
Very good way of explaining and easy to understand
This course is very useful and I liked this course
For beginners, it's a great choice to enrol Thanks
It is a great course, everyone can benefit from it
The course gave me a great introduction about AI s
it is useful for us it is good for me thanking you
Great Starter Course to start learning about AI !!
Such Nice Course..I Learned So Many Concepts in AI
It was meaningful i have learned  a lot of things.
Artificial intelligence really useful for everyone
It was gud experience learning AI through this app
Thank you so much The course is very useful for me
1/ Easy explanation of AI and other aspects of AI.
Basic Fundamental things to learn form this cource
It was very useful for me who knew little about AI
It's the best course for everyone to know about AI
its a great course. Everyone should do this course
its an marvelous course.. Loved being a part of it
Very clear presentation and to the point materials
Really helpful for the people not in the AI domain
Excellent teaching and the best explanation ever.
Great sir for teaching to how to gaine this skill
I really love this course. Thank you Mr Andrew Ng
an excellent course , and its really usefull too.
it was good introductory course to learn about AI
One of the best online course i've ever attended.
Excellent Primer for the Artificial Intellegence.
very useful course for beginners and much helpful
Clear and to point. Updated course . Overall good
Thank You! Good course, is a good overview of AI!
thank you for offering this wonderful course ....
It is good flatform for creative ideas execution.
A VERY GOOD COURSE TO UNDERSTAND THE BASICS IN AI
Must have course for everyone in the organization
A great course to understand about AI and society
I love it and everyone should learn this course..
Really good course, everything is explained well.
it is the best platform to learn new technologies
This course is very much useful plz join..thank u
An excellent course that is worth the investment.
Very good coursera,good explanation thank you sir
Very well programmed.. easy to follow.. Thank you
Great course for an efficient introduction to AI.
Thanks for giving me great knowledge about AI Sir
Wonderful content for AI basic knowledge level..!
Great course to kick start AI learning Journey :)
Great introduction and overview by a true expert.
I understood the way to apply AI for many fields.
Great course, love the breakdown of the concepts!
excellent presentation, for a non software person
Excellent introduction to AI and its applications
it was good course but difficult  to  comprehend
its a very good platform for learning new things
great course! Andrew is an excellent instructor.
this was a beautifully curated coures, thanks!!!
This course is very interresting to begin in AI.
Andrew Ng can explain AI really well. Thank you.
The expalantion is simple and easy to understand
Super course and the ANDREW sir taught very well
Very clear explanations and useful applications.
amazing course its easy and interesting to learn
Absolutely fascinating! Thank you Mr. Andrew Ng!
Great course. Thoroughly  enjoyed it. Good work!
Good and interesting course. Ideal for beginners
Best course to understand AI in a simple manner.
Very much informative and valuable presentations
I luv to learn on cousera thnx for this platform
the course was very informative and interesting.
Very clear explanations and fascinating subject.
Very simple and elegant way of teaching a topic.
Really Wonderfull Course Content and Explanation
Simple to understand, interesting and motivating
This course is very useful for gain my knowledge
its a very usefull and verymuch good explanation
Excellent Course.. Acquired more knowledge on AI
Excellent course and very understanding teaching
this is great to understand generally that ai is
It was a nice experience. Learned a lot about AI
Very Helpful Course For Teaching People about AI
Very informative, well structured and delivered.
It was a nice course content and video tutoring.
Excellent AI course for good understanding of AI
Thank you, Easy to Understand, Interesting Video
This course give me a better understanding of AI
Very useful and fun course, I really enjoyed it.
Focused, useful and clear with helpful examples.
Great overview and advice for businesses into AI
Helps get a broad knowledge on machine learning.
I classify the course as "AI subject made easy!"
Very Informative Course. I learn a lot from this
This is a best course for beginners to learn AI.
Very Informative Course!!! very nicely explained
Very Informative and gave complete idea about AI
best AI Course for any who want to know about AI
Well paced content with very good presentation !
very well executed and explained...thanks Andrew
Excellent course to develop basic understanding
Excellent course to get a good insight about AI
Not getting certificate  for completion courses
Great Course to build a understanding about AI.
Very fundamental aspect of Ai, nicely narrated.
Very informative especially in this day and age
Excellent course for basic understanding of AI.
This course provides best overview about ML/AI.
Indept analysis of IA for Non technical person.
Awesome course with tons of useful information.
Excellent course on the basic concepts of AI <3
Excellent Overview about AI Thanks to Andrew NG
i found tis is the best to learn AI from scarch
use full course, I have learnt the basics of AI
very informative and best first step towards AI
In future, Definitely AI very important for us.
Learned a lot. Great
Course. Thank you so much.
Well explained videos and brainstorming Quizzes
course is very helpfull and it is easy learning
The simplest and best way to start learning AI.
Good course for knowing Artificial Intelligence
I found this course very helpful as a beginner.
Excellent teaching by andrew sir.really awesome
This is really good course for understanding AI
It is a real time caste to study the end to end
Easy to understand and learn by sitting at home
Thanks a lot sir for your excellent explanation
I learned a lot and gained a lot of experience.
This has been a very good overview of AI for me
This course was a great beginner's guide to AI!
I have learnt a lot of things i  this course  .
everyone can understand easily  . great teacher
Well taught, really for everyone to understand.
i want  to get certificate without paying price
This course and teacher (ANDREW NG) great both.
Excellent course for basic understanding of AI!
This course provides basic understanding of AI.
I learned a lot what is artificial intelligence
Very interesting overview and not too technical
Its is really great to learn and good teachers
Very useful content Thanks for sharing on this
it was just give me practical experience of AI
thank you so much! this is a wonderful course.
Great course, everyone as to take this course.
such an amazing course! learnt a lot about AI!
Got a lot of information through this course!.
excllent course for understanding ai thank you
informative and builds your basics very well !
This course gave me orverall view on AI and ma
Very helpful for students to get into ai world
As said AI for everyone I learned many things.
A good course for a beginner.Really worth it..
AMAZING INSIGHT. THANKS ANDREW AND COURSE ERA.
Best course ever. Teaches you so much about AI
Excellent content for all AI lovers out there.
This a very good program on AI i have attended
A very clear and structured course! Thank you.
Great Course. Very clear. I enjoy it too much.
I learned so much! I super-enjoyed the course!
A great course for starting to learn about AI!
Very good course, learned with high enthusiasm
Awesome Experience and thanks to the Professor
Good and gain some knowledge and overvie on AI
Excellent course to discover the world of AI !
Taught wonderfully with real life experiences.
nice course. I got a lot of knowledge about AI
Thankyou! I really enjoyed taking this Course.
The best AI course and this is must-do course!
Excellent for learning and very easy to learn.
It would be really helpful to me as a beginner
Andrew made me fall in love with AI.Thank you.
Well organized, informative and clear lectures
Very easy to digest take, on a daunting topic.
Great course to understand what actually is AI
A good introduction to What and What not is AI
Excellent and Inspirational Course by the Guru
Good course to start understanding basic of AI
I recommend this AI For Everyone for Everyone.
Clear explaination Sir Andrew you are the best
Very clear and well explained course about AI.
Very  Basic  and  easy  Exactly what i Needed
Awesome course on general introduction to AI.
Useful and nicely demonstrated by the speaker
It really gave  a lot of information about AI
Very good course.... Really interested course
THIS COURSERA IS VERY USEFULL FOR PROSPECTIVE
Very understandable and Clear cut Explanation
Just the right content needed for a beginner.
Excellent instructor and introductory course.
very excellent teaching..i loved it very much
it's  a beneficial to course to begin AI with
Thank you very much for providing this course
This course really provides an overview of AI
It was very much interesting and interactive.
A great source of learning for the beginners.
Fantastic primer if you are interested in AI!
very useful to get started with an ai project
I am very happy to have this wonderful course
The course was great i learn a lot thanks you
Excellent course contents with great speaker.
Excellent overview of the current state of AI
Andrew is a great facilitator. Kudos to you !
Very informative course. Thank you so much :)
A great course to deepen the knowledge in AI.
Great teacher and a lot of stimulating ideas!
Thank you so much for sharing your knowledge.
This is the best course Available on internet
Great introduction for total newcomers to AI.
Andrew is a great explainer very good teacher
great course - good explanations and examples
Practical Knowledge- it makes a lot of sense.
Great Course for Beginners. It gives yoy a gl
Thank you! It's really useful and inspiringly
this course is best learning for al everyone.
Nice overview of AI for non technical people.
Excellent course and well taught by Andrew Ng
A good introduction to AI for all industries.
This course is very helpful to me. Thank you
awesome and useful for my future prepararion
Glad to learn here...highly recommended...!!
It's very knowledgeable and valueable course
This course was really helpful to beginners!
Great introduction and overview of AI today.
This course is a perfect introduction to AI.
Excellent Topics are covered in this course.
Good lecture for starters trying to learn AI
Great course that is worth taking for anyone
Absolutely great course to get start with AI
It was a very informative and useful course.
Excellent course to start with Deep Learning
It,s a wonderful course thoroughly explained
it was a great experience having this course
A necessary introduction to AI for beginners
Very good course, from this I learned a lot.
Best Course and i learn New things from here
Nice and very helpful to understand about AI
This is one of the best courses i have done.
This course was very informative and helpful
it"s a good course that everyone should do..
This is a great course. many things I learn.
I learnt so much from this course, Thank You
A great course from an excellent instructor.
its very useful to update my knowledge on AI
Easy to  understandable. Thank u so much sir
This platform makes me to learn a new things
The Professor taught the chapters very well.
Very good course, quite enough for beginner!
This course was very helpful for learning AI
THIS CURSE HELPED ME TO LEARN A LOT ABOUT AI
Had a great experience learning this course.
Good course for Management Leadership roles.
Great course with good structure and content
Simple and concise and will not hesistate to
one of Best online course  and Great teacher
Excellent class to learn import AI concepts.
Great Course for a high level overview of AI
Wonderful conceptual course on ai.Thank you,
I got a good understanding of AI, thank you!
Great course to understand  the basics of AI
Great introduction to AI for business people
Relevant, easy to follow and very organized.
AMAZING EXPERIENCE!Thank You Dr. Andrew Ng!!
very useful! And good start learning for AI
Excellent Ice-Breaker into the world of AI.
Got an overall Knowledge on AI capabilities
I  learned so much things from this course.
Perfect for fundamental understanding of Ai
I RECOMMEND THIS COURSE FOR BEGINNERS IN AI
Very good for the introduction part for AI.
Great course by Andrew ! Highly recommended
Excellent oratory skills with good examples
The instructions were really good to learn.
Loved Andrew, his wall art, and the course.
Thankyou Mr Andrew for your valuable words.
Very useul for my future to earn the skills
Very learning and used for improving skills
This is best opportunity to all to learn AI
Excellent. I have improved my basics of AI.
The course instructor really explains well.
An excellent and informative course. Thanks
one of the best course and full of contents
this course  has given a lot of experience.
Mr. Andrew Ng is a great and expert teacher
Great course, great content for all levels!
Very well explained and interesting course.
excellent introduction to a difficult topic
The basics for AI that everyone should now!
Nicely explained AI and it's terminologies.
Excellent course to learn the basics of AI!
Andrew Thanks a lot for an excellent course
clear and precise class for beginner to AI.
Very good course! It provides good knowledg
Wonderful material structure and Professor.
It is a good course to start your career AI
A very useful and highly recommended course
Excellent broad overview of features to AI.
It was very informative and well presented.
I have a much better understanding about AI
Awesome as Andrew Ng's courses usually are!
This course is very useful for begnners li
I learn a lot from this course, thank you!
It was a very good and informative course!
I learned many things about AI. Thank you!
It's really interesting. Thank you so much
This course is great to learn basic of AI.
WONDERFUL TEST CROSS CHECK MY AI KNOWLEDGE
Amazing videos with detailed explanation .
Very good introduction of AI for beginners
Really good course for understanding of AI
I TOTALLY UNDERSTOOD THE LESSON THANK YOU!
Excellent course it is very helpful for me
loved the course and was very informative.
Excellent for online learning and training
It was a nice course which helps us a lot.
Very nice ,easy andawesome way of Learning
Excellent teaching and relatable examples.
This is a nice course to begin with for AI
Amazing experience in learning this course
Video lectures were really very impressive
Great teacher and presentation, thank you!
This course give 360 degree view about AI.
In this every topic is explained very well
Nice and I learned basics of AI Technology
Great pacing! Very informative. Thank you!
excellent explanation to reach every level
As per name "AI for Everyone", Thankyou!!!
Excellent course. Everyone should take it.
It was an eye opener for me. Great course.
It was really outstanding, Thanks Coursera
Excellent introduction. Thanks to Andrew !
This course gave a complete overview of AI
Exceptional instructor. Very good content!
It's really good learning to understand AI
Awesome course to begin with AI experience
Thank you for supplying this course online
that course help me a lot to understand AI
Extremely insightful, engaging, thank you!
Excellent and full of Knowledge and skills
Explained nicely about AI reality check...
Andrew does an amazing job keeping AI real
Again, another masterpiece from Andrew Ng.
MUST TAKE THIS COURSE, BEST COURSE FOR AI
Good course for basic understanding on AI
Basic Understanding of AI After this one.
A 'must do' course for every human being.
It's an honor to learn directly from you.
Good course to know information about AI.
good  teaching, very use full in students
so very good.Thank you for your knowledge
Excellent course to know the basics of AI
GOOD BUT VOICE CLARITY IS NOT MUCH PROPER
Nice course for beginners. Well explained
Great clarity of instruction; very useful
Excellent course to get starting with AI.
very interesting and easy course to learn
Excellent First Step Into The World Of AI
Very Good course for beginners.Thank you.
very good and gain knowledge about AI
I got a good experience by attending this
It is very useful to improve my knowledge
Very good introduction to the world of AI
This course useful more for the beginners
Good explanation.  Short and interesting.
pl give subtitles in english in the slide
Thanks Andrew , This course is amazing :)
Andrew Ng going even stronger, thank you!
The explanations are very much realistic.
Thank you Andrew for this amazing course!
Excellent way of teaching AI to beginners
Thanks for the huge amount of information
Thank you Andrew for this amazing cours !
Very easy course about complicated things
The course explained AI from the scratch.
Great introductory course and well paced.
As always. great lectures from Andrew Ng.
Great course, easy to understand and usef
A truly amazing course ! Thanks Andrew Ng
Excellent overview about AI; Thanks Adrew
Very well strcutured course for beginners
Completed my 2nd week, but it is awesome.
Highly relevant and well-delivered course
It was really amazing and knowledge able.
Another great dose of Andrew Ng's wisdom!
A very good overview of a complex subject
cover enough materials, in enough depth.
Excellent Course to get familiar with AI
Thanks A lot, this was infinitely useful
The instructor is absolutely incredible.
Just the right level for an introduction
Coursera is giving a very useful content
I think its very useful for beginners...
Very nice . As a beginner i learned alot
extremely good for beginning in ai world
I have to learn basic knowledge about AI
Good presentation and easy to understand
This is very informative and useful too.
Wonderful course. Thanks Prof Andrew Ng.
Became a ardent fan of Andrew's Teaching
A very simple explanation of complex AI.
Explanation is good and it's informative
A great way to kickstart learning of AI.
It is good course to improve our talents
amazing course with amazing teacher  :))
Very good, help us to gain insight of AI
It was very useful ...thanks to coursera
Thankyou for giving best teaching.......
This is very good course in limited time
Excellent overview course for beginners.
Good explanation and also good syllabus.
Thanks for the insight Knowledge into AI
it is a great over view of AI technology
Very informative overview of what is AI!
Interesting, feasable and inspirational.
Really useful course. you should try it.
Excellent course to get started with AI.
Good for the beginner to learn about AI!
This Course really helpful for beginners
I really enjoyed learning AI from Mr Ng!
Very good course to basic understanding.
nice introduction! Even my son liked it!
A very good insight into AI and starting
Most contemporary and concise materials!
practical advise and easy to understand.
Nice n informative. Everyone should do.
A very nice & balanced overview of AI !
This course is a bit industrial biased.
Very good course to learn basics of AI.
Excellent course to start career in AI.
It is very clearly and helpful, thanks.
This course was amazing, i learnt a lot
nice explanation and real life examples
Very informative but easy to understand
No one could do it better than Andrew !
its very easy to understand the subject
Very much interesting and useful cource
This course help to Understanding of AI
I had developed my new thinking ability
Andrew Ng explained everything so well.
It is too informative and good to learn
It was really engaging and informatory.
the best and easy to understand course!
Very educative, engaging and inspiring.
I was direct and to the point thank you
THIS COURSE IS REALLY BENEFICIAL FOR US
Andrew's ways of teaching are the best!
It is very useful for gaining knowledge
I really liked this course, fantabulous
good explanation with real time example
i've have clearly understand the course
Excellent program to get started on AI.
More insight for me. Making me to think
it was a great course, highly reocmmend
Its amazing plateform to learn anything
Excellent way to Navigate to AI Mystery
Very good course for building AI basics
very nicely explained and tricky quizes
great course with very useful insights.
Thank you! Good and holistic view of AI
Excellent course and easy to understand
Really good! The concepts are ver clear
A great starting point. Well presented.
Easy to learn and perfect for beginners
Gives a good understanding to beginners
it is useful in future to know about ai
Very good course. Thanks Prof Adrew Ng!
Good explanations and examples about AI
Best course for beginners to start A.I.
A great introduction to concepts in AI.
Great introduction for Product Managers
Best course for anyone to know about AI
Nice course for even 0 basic beginners.
very knowledgeable course for beginners
great introduction to AI! Thanks Andrew
It is indeed an AI course for everyone!
Great course for a newbie to the field!
Great Course Thank Andrew and Coursera
Well explained and informative course.
A very good introductory course on AI.
it was amazing to learn about the AI..
very nice lectures for introductory AI
Excellent platform to learn technology
This course is useful to the students.
This course is amazing for begineers .
One of the best course I had ever had.
Amazing course I recommend very much .
More Informative and fruitful sessions
Good Job and Very interesting subject.
It helped me to get knowledge about AI
Awesome course for beginners new to AI
Best platform  to learn new skills....
it helped me alot excellect experience
Course just  amazing I enjoyed it much
Great way to learn about basics of AI.
It gives very clear introduction to AI
Great course for a novice in the area.
its very good by learning this courses
Its excellent and give better platform
Best platform to learn something new..
Great course for the AI understanding!
Wonderful explanation by Prof. Andrew.
Gain great knowledge on AI, Thank you.
Very well explained about AI for begin
Ai is future world .,... thank you sir
Thank you very much. very good course.
It was an amazing learning experience.
Great Knowledge i got from this course
Thank you for all. I have learn a lot.
Very insightful and interesting course
Very clear cut and precise explanation
Its a great opportunity for beginners.
Very interessting overview of AI world
Very insightful and complete knowledge
Thank you for easy and helpful course!
easy to understand. Great for beginner
introductory course on AI for everyone
Nice experience with great instructor.
Awesome Content.  Andrew is the best!!
good teaching techniques with examples
coursera is the best website for study
The course covered overall idea of AI.
Great course again from Mr. Andrew NG!
Excellent way of delivering a concept.
Short but nice intro into AI world :)
best for beginners thanks andrew ng..
It was Informative and Knowledgeable.
A very good introductory course to AI
Great class.  Interesting instructor.
Very Exciting for me as a new learner
Great Foundation Course for Beginners
Good course to learn AI fundamentals.
Best for anyone who want to learn AI.
One of the best course for beginners.
dope course and best sir for learning
Excellent placed contents and methods
Brilliant course! highly recommended!
One of the best  courses I ever  have
Very good explanation with examples..
Very informative for a beginner in AI
Very good course to understand basics
The quality of teaching is very good.
Excellent teacher, easy to understand
Very good course to get started on AI
An excellent course by Mr. Andrew Ng.
Really a very good introduction to AI
it is very beneficial course for us .
Good presentation of  AI by Andrew Ng
nice course with a helpful instructor
very useful. definately recommend it.
Simple to learn and good explanation.
Very useful .I learnt many new things
Thank you for the perfect explanation
Its was a great experience, learning.
Nice  and simple explanation about ai
Good to know many interesting things.
thank you for giving this oppertunity
Was very informative and educational.
Very Nice and Excellent Course  all .
Very wise. An excellent course on AI.
this helped me a lot to know about ai
Got a lot of information.Good Course.
excellent and fruitful of information
Very deep explanation of each topics.
great course with great explanations!
Very good course on AI transformation
Very Informative and Well Explained!.
Enjoyed Myself Through Out The Course
Great renewal of my own old knowledge
Good introduction to AI for beginner.
Very simplified illustration. Thanks.
Good course for beginners! Thank you!
Very interesting course and engaging!
Good one to start learning about AI..
best teacher ever, love you andrew ng
Very approachable and helpful course.
im very happy to complete this course
Excellent !!! . Covers key principles
Makes me want to learn more and more!
Outstanding course, thank you Andrew!
Great experience, very good learning
I have learned alot from this course
Enjoyable and useful basic training!
Very good internship i had ever done
Learnt lot on AI in simple language.
Cousre is very helpful and accurate.
A good one to know about what is AI.
excellent course. easy to understand
Course was informative for beginners
It is wonderful course for beginners
Explanation is very clear in detail.
very informative thamks for coursera
it is a great experience to learn ai
Nice and informative video.Thank you
Great course. Very nice introduction
Very Nice and indetail Explaination.
Excellent introductory course to AI.
It's awesome and helpful for future.
Mr. Andrew Ng explained it so clear.
The best-recommended course for CEOs
Breifly. And clearly learnt about AI
Easy to grasp and quite interesting!
its really nice to learn this course
best knowlegde i gain in this course
Brilliant course! Thank you, Andrew!
Thank you for the informative course
Very good non-technical intro to AI!
Thank you very much sir, Good course
it is great i learn something for it
Excellent,,,it is useful in my life.
It's a very good course for everyone
It was easy and valuable. Thank You.
Good and this certificate helps Alot
thank you all for learning ai course
Thank you for such a great knowledge
Everything is better in this course,
very good course and i enjoyed a lot
it lifts my idea of understanding AI
Great Course!! Very well explained!!
Thank you for knowledge about AI. :)
Excellent. I am very happy. Thank u.
Great course with a wide view on AI!
A great start to knowing what is AI.
Good Explanation on the basics of AI
Great in-dept learning for beginners
Best course for beginner to learn AI
So good a course and great lecturer!
Thanks professor I have learned alot
Bravo. Simple, direct, enlightening.
This course was very helpful for me.
Crisp, holistic and deeply engaging.
Informative and Life Changing Course
Very useful to get some IA insights.
Excellent and available to everyone.
Helps you understand the need of AI.
Thank you so much. Keep progressing!
Very effective and insightful course
Very good introduction to the topic.
Great course.Love the 1 Second Rule.
Great course to understand AI better
it was a great and effective course
Excellent introductory course on AI
Beautiful course and well explained
This course is very helpful for me.
Great Intro Course would Recommend.
This course is very useful for me..
This course is useful for everybody
Wow the great course for AI basic !
Nice and learning features are more
Great course and easy to understand
I really like this course.Thank you
Easy to understand... with examples
Very Interesting and Well Explained
Very good course for the beginners.
Nice explanation power of professor
Very useful and interesting course.
Thank you for this wonderful course
Great and super interesting course!
Very very useful course easy course
Simply awesome content and speaker.
very basic concept.Was good enough.
Enlightening, knowledgeful, ethical
Amazing way to get introduced to AI
Thank you..it was a great learning.
AI for everyone was a Good program.
I have enjoyed this lectures a lot.
This course is useful for somewhere
Very good course for every engineer
Nice course with practical examples
Amazing its too interesting subject
Great course! I like it very much !
Great as always Ng teach something.
Thank you for sharing and tutoring.
very informative and easy to digest
Easy, high level; good introduction
this course is helpful for everyone
Wonderful experience.Nice and easy.
Course is very helpful for learners
very helpfull to start career in AI
So far this is an excellent course!
This is a great introductory course
very good starting knowledge for AI
Pretty good for introduction course
Perfect course for general audience
when can i receive the certificate?
It was terribly great! I loved it!
Nicely organized, Very informative
i clearly learned so much about ai
Amazing and super inclusive course
A great introductory course in AI.
One of the best course in coursera
the best lectures. thank u so much
Its very useful sirThank u so much
Good course for building AI Basics
Wonderful course I have ever seen.
Its very helpfull to know about AI
such a great platform for learning
Informative and awareness creating
Very Informative Course.Thank You!
great course to know basics of AI.
thank you for this valuable course
excellent course and great teacher
It is a good beginning of AI world
Sir kindly made new particle on AI
AI basics are dealt with very well
Explaination is good with examples
good course... clear explanation..
Great material, easy to understand
It was great learning with Andrew.
Excellent course to understand bas
an important and informing course!
Best starter course and best tutor
Worth investing your time on this!
Excellent insight as a 101 for AI.
Great course i have learnt a lot !
Great content, easy to understand.
This course was very fun to learn.
It good for anybody from any field
Amazing Content and Amazing course
The material is easy to understand
Great way to start the AI journey!
It's helpful for a beginner of AI!
Great course for senior leadership
Great way to start thinking of AI.
Love the course, way to go for AI!
Fantastic Course for beginners ...
Very good course for AI beginners.
Super helpful!Good for beginners!!
An amazing overview of what AI is.
Best and my hero andrew ng teacher
Good to understand the terminology
Full of key thoughts and insights.
Every one must learn this course!!
Very informative.  'Launching pad'
Awesome course from the best in AI
Very nicely explained by Andrew Ng
very useful and thought-provoking
Great introduction for outsiders!
will recommend it as a good start
Very nice and interesting session
He explains the topics very well.
Must watch for every AI beginner.
thank you so much for this course
Very nice training for beginners.
Very helpful study with professor
good session and very informative
Very informative for beginners...
Really very nicely explain the Ai
It was really a beneficial course
Nice experience and deep learning
Was very informative, interesting
great course.it was very helpfull
A very useful course for everyone
It was great course for everyone.
It is very important for everyone
Excellent explanation by Speaker.
best explaination about AI,ML,DS.
It is useful knowledge to acquire
Its a pleasure to watch Andrew Ng
i was satisfied with the teaching
I learned a lot from this course.
Very good course to stsrt with AI
thank you for excellent teaching.
A nice place to start learning AI
complete and simple to understand
Nice Intro course for AI beginner
Highly recommended for a beginner
Great overview of AI for managers
It is a great introduction to AI.
Best content and the best teacher
Andrew Always made great courses!
Excellently thought out and prese
Nicely time spend in this course.
great course for AI introduction.
Short and crisp, really liked it.
Coursera is Knowledge of Wealth!!
This course is very knowledgeable
owsum course very helpfull for us
Complex things easy to understand
Great Teacher & Content Respect !
It's a great introductory course!
very useful for clearing concepts
Nice basic understanding about AI
Informative course for a beginner
Thank you. Now basics are clear!
The course is really informative
very educational and interesting
Good course. Highly recommended.
excellent and easy to understand
Very nice and good teaching 
Great information and thank you!
such a beautiful course to learn
Great and very inspiring course!
This course introduce you to AI.
Best teacher of AI concepts ever
Its very good and use ful to mee
Great !!now i know about AI more
It was really amazing learing AI
nice intro course to learn stuff
Very thank you that is very good
Nice concept with great examples
Very helpful for overview of AI.
a brilliant course for starters.
Such a nice course for everyone.
A really good knowledge about AI
Great, wide-ranging intro to AI.
Amazing course for AI beginners.
Very much informative and useful
very descriptive and informative
A very good course for beginers.
Very useful courses for AI begin
it was really good,learned a lot
HITHIS IS THE NICE COURSE FOR ME
Understand basic knowledge on AI
very helpful and a nice platform
Good ..Simple way of Explanation
very clear lecture to understand
great course Andrew Enjoyed it !
Excellent Concepts by Andrew NG.
very interesting course about AI
Very good course for AI begenrs.
a very good non-technical course
thank you for your great service
best course for understanding AI
Andrew Ng knows what he's doing.
Very informative and eye opener.
Highly recommended for beginners
Great course for non AI Engineer
excellent course! thanks so much
Great lecture on AI for managers
Awesome course for entry into AI
Great introduction course to AI!
Great non technical introduction
Good for Industrial ai beginners
clear and full of great insights
Concise and crisp overview of AI
It was great learning experience
Great introductory course to AI>
Andrew is an amazing instructor!
Easy to understandGreat Teacher
Really great overview of AI/ML.
Gives the detail overview of AI
good course for beginners in AI
Simply amazing for ai builders!
Very good introduction material
Excellent sessions by Andrew NG
Well structured & comprehensive
Thank you for this opportunity.
Best for starters!!!! Loved it.
Highly recommended for beginers
Its a Nice Course for every one
its really interesting subject.
Interesting! totally recomended
Very good and useful course. 
Wow,working with you is awesome
EXCELLENT COURSE AND I LOVE IT.
Its a wonderful course to have!
This is best more useful for me
A very good course to start AI.
Awesome experience nd knowledge
nice and good platform to learn
great to go through this course
very nice voice and explenation
Excellent Course for a beginner
Excellent Course. Thank you sir
Very useful knowledge I gained.
Ai for every one is good course
It was good learning knowledge.
Great introduction to AI world!
Truely useful for the new users
Amazing course , learned a lot.
well explained and good content
Great example based explanation
It's very easy to understanding
very good course really help me
it is use full for many student
Thank you for the financial aid
Great introductory course to AI
It is a great effort, Thank you
A very good introduction to AI.
Course was good and informative
Highly recommend it. Excellent!
Great course. Highly recommend!
Great course! Thank you Andrew!
Great course and great teacher!
Thanks a lot to Andrew Ng sir .
Great course! AI for dummies ;)
Great course! Thank you, Andrew
Clear, concise, and meaningful.
AI for Everyone = Everything+AI
Very great explanation about AI
AWESOME COURSE!!! NAILED IT!!!
Wonderful Learning Experience.
very good course for beginners
Excellent Course by Andrew Ng.
Very Good course to start with
Easy and an eye opening course
Good coursera help full course
Great course for the Beginner!
I'm so grateful to  Coursera!!
Best classes I have ever seen.
good to understand basic of AI
great simplified explanations!
A very useful course indeed!!!
I cannot recive my certificate
Very good course for beginners
Thanks so much for the course.
Really good I have learnt more
Amazing. This course is useful
Very much informative lectures
Thank you ! It was very useful
The course was so informative.
Easy and interested learning..
It is very useful for learning
GOOD useful information shared
good and eaisly understandable
The Best Introduction about AI
Very Useful and Well explained
Its Good course for begginers.
Super ..I learned lot.. Thanks
very educative and informative
It's very usefull for everyone
the course is very interesting
thanks mr andrew you are great
Very helpful for the beginners
a very nice and helpful course
A complicated t explained in a
Much more helpful for everyone
Excellent start to overview AI
Fantastic course for beginners
Very good content thanks a lot
Thank you !! quite informative
Clear and precise explanation.
Very informational and useful.
Really good course, thank you!
Great basic introduction to AI
Best course for beginner in AI
Learn and know more about AI!!
A good return on invested time
great high-level intro course.
Thoroughly enjoyed the course.
its good to learn more things
very good and  helpful course
It's a very interesting class
It is very interesting course
Informative,  well-structured
It's best course for learners
Great course to start with AI
Good course to gain knowledge
Very good and helpful course!
Good start for AI learning :)
this course was really awsome
great !!! Thank you Andrew :)
Great learning..! Enjoyed it.
Good nice got great knowledge
it is very interesting course
very good course for learning
It is very useful to learning
Nicely explained by Andrew Ng
It was very helpful thanyou!!
good, very easy to understand
Best course to learn about AI
Learn what the future will be
help me to learn latest tech.
it was a wonderful experience
Good and best lectures videos
Logical thinking and analysis
Excellent course for beginers
Comprise primarily of routine
great teaching by andrew sir.
Very Good explaining about AI
course is very good but short
very good learning experience
Best course with good example
all basics very nice to learn
The best course i could learn
Andrew is the best AI Teacher
Grate to instruct what is AI!
Excellent course and teachers
very good course for students
Nice to learn AI For Everyone
Very good course for Learning
Excellent Course For Everyone
Detailed Explanation of AI...
Excellent! Thank you so much!
Great course, well explained.
Thank you fpr the interesting
good course to start learning
It is very clear and precise.
great non technical overview!
Wonderful intro course for AI
Andrew's courses are awesome.
great teacher,really helpful
Great course to introduce AI
Excellent introduction to AI
The best course I ever taked
very well structured course.
nice course i have ever done
Great course for learning AI
clear, easy to understanding
great step toward AI thanks.
My First Online Certificate!
Great Course,Really amazing.
Gained Great knowledge on AI
Good to learn something  new
Nicely and good assignments.
This was an wonderful Course
very imformative!! loved it.
interesting subject to learn
Awesome learning experience.
best instructor of the world
Gave me a deeper idea of AI.
I really enjoyed the course.
quick and informative course
course is very nice...superb
A great course for beginner.
Its really nice for students
the best course for beginner
Amazing Course.Learnt a lot.
Thank you dear Andrew Ng sir
More Useful to know about AI
Great course. Very relevant.
Gain much knowledge about AI
i really enjoyed this course
Very nicely gained knowledge
Very useful and informative.
Nice one for beginners in AI
great and interactive course
As always Andrew is the best
Thanks for this opportunity.
Fantastic overview about AI.
clear and concise - no fluff
Informative and interesting.
It was my great experience..
Good and informative course.
Indeed worth it. Enjoyed it!
Was a great initiation to AI
andrew nick you are too good
very good course recommended
Very Well Structured course!
Just awesome and amazing! :)
Great for introduction to AI
It is really for everyone!!!
Good course for all peoples
Great intro course into AI!
Great course, recommend it.
Really very helpful course.
i like the course very much
it was very good experience
Very nice starter overview.
Good Course for everyone!!!
Very good course for basics
superb course for beginners
Good Course and interesting
Very useful and informative
Overall great experience !!
Beautifully designed course
This course is soo good ...
this course was very useful
this course is very helpful
Great Course for beginning!
Course was very interesting
I really liked this course.
I is very use course for me
Very informative and useful
rly rly a great experience!
gained good knowledge in AI
Great Course for beginners.
This course is great for me
Best course i have learned.
Best course on basics of AI
i learn about AI perfectly.
really good and informative
Informative and interesting
Very well structured Course
Very much required starter.
got very good insight of AI
Very good overview about AI
Quick, nice and refreshing.
Great course for beginners!
comprehensive and succinct!
This is such a great course
Great platform for learning
Great Thankyou For coursera
Simple and very instructive
This Learning helps me lot.
learned some new concepts.
It's step to entering life
please send my certificate
i really loved learning AI
it was really enlightening
It is an excellent course!
go for initial steps in AI
Very well done intro to AI
It was a great incentive!!
Great foundational course.
I'm happy with this course
IT Was very awesome course
it was great learning here
The course was very useful
best starting course on AI
very very profound course.
it was an excellent course
It is a very useful course
it was great sir Thank you
Good Course, Easily Learnt
It is too helpful to learn
Good courses for beginners
What a excellent training!
Great Learning Experience.
Nice And Clear the course.
Very clear and interesting
Very useful for a begineer
Really very useful course.
good overview on AI Thanks
It was a very good course.
It was an excellent course
Grt learning Experience !!
It was a grear experience.
The instructor was amazing
Ai is the new Electricity.
Very informative course...
Perfect this for everyone.
Its important for everyone
great site to for learners
absolutely  knowledgeable.
Best course for beginners.
Simple and straightforward
The lecturer is phenomenal
Great course- Thanx Dr.Ng.
It helps me In AI Future..
Great intro into AI world.
It's very straightforward.
Really Loved this course.
Best Palce of learning AI
Comprehensive yet concise
nice & easy to understand
A Great Learning Platform
super course for beginner
Excellent and outstanding
Thank You Prof. Andrew Ng
Great Learning experiance
very informative lectures
Very informative to learn
thos course vwere amazing
It is a FANTASTIC Course.
Marvelous the course was.
perfect.....love that....
Great Learning Experience
All videos are very good.
It was a wonderful course
Very good course to learn
Nice gives good knowledge
informative presenstation
it was intresting curse .
Hats of to Prof Andrew Ng
Good course for everyone!
Thank you for this course
Its very engaging course.
concrete and very usefull
very good - learned a lot
good course for begginers
Very helpful for newbies.
Precise and Knowledgeable
perfectcourseforbegginers
Outstanding.. great couse
Extremely useful! Thanks!
Well explained and clear.
very supporting and clear
easy and good explanation
It was nice to learned  .
Love the course designed.
Great introduction to AI.
Great and easy to digest.
It is very useful course
Great introduction to AI
it was awesome thank you
Very good overview of AI
a wonderful course to do
Best AI knowledge course
Worth taking this course
Best explaination of AI.
Very easy useful subject
A relly good intro of AI
This very amazing course
In good experience for u
Very much useful........
Great for a basic course
very useful for academic
Nice course. I liked it.
Such a worthwhile course
IT IS EASY TO UNDERSTAND
Gud to learn this course
It is effective learning
useful for basics of AI,
good introduction to AI.
Good learning experiance
I learn AI's information
Great course. Thank you!
Good Understanding on AI
Great knowledge to have!
nice introductory course
Nice course for starters
Very good course indeed!
Andrew is a great tutor!
Good course for learning
its knowledgefull course
This Course is Excellent
Definitely for everyone!
Awesome and very helpful
Excellent. Great teacher
Really love this course!
wonderful in many levels
Nice course by Andrew ng
good exec level overview
Great for business pros.
Very Informative course
nothing to say its good
it was great experience
Very clear explanation.
Amazing training course
Everyone should Enroll.
He made it easy !Thanks
Very informative course
It was great experience
Very informative course
It's awesome experience
Your course is awesome,
IT WAS EXCELLENT COURSE
alll concepts are clear
Good skills of Coursera
Good knowledge about AI
A very enriching course
Easy and understandable
It's a very nice course
this course is too good
Very much interesting..
it is good for learning
Very detailed . Good ..
Good to get information
Learned a lot about AI.
yes its really amazing
Very Informative Course
really very good course
Very Good and use full.
Easy to learn knowledge
Thank you very much sir
Very Nice Explanation .
Very informative course
Informative and Awesome
Andrew Ng is the truth!
Outstanding experience!
Very good insight on AI
Great AI introduction!!
Simple and Informative.
very good insight on AI
it was best experience.
very good, blow my mind
Simple to understanding
Thank You Sir Andrew Ng
very benefiting course.
Very Nicely explained.
simple and informative
Found it very helpful!
Great Calm Explanation
A good in depth course
Very nice. I loved it.
very good course of AI
Its very usefull to us
Super and cool courses
Course is very helpful
Great approach, Thanks
Very good explanation!
It Was A great Cources
Very nice and interest
best learning material
Very futuristic course
The course was awesome
Its a very good course
Nice to gain knowledge
Very useful and thanks
It's good learning app
Gained Knowledge on AI
Good platform to learn
it is very good course
Nothing can be better.
Very wonderful course.
That's a great course.
very helpful in future
A very detailed course
Good explanation on AI
best site for learning
Very impressive course
Very nicely explained.
Andrew-ng is the best.
Good to start with AI
It was awesome course
Great starting point!
basic knowledge on AI
Too good for a beginn
Interesting course !!
very good intro to AI
good  course to learn
Must to learn for all
good to know about it
great overview of AI!
Very much interesting
very good explanation
Extremely insightful!
Very easy to learn AI
good lecture delivery
Amazing introduction!
A great Learning tool
Well done, thank you.
I enjoyed the course.
Good insight about AI
liked the course! rec
Enjoyed it very much.
very fruitful course.
Was very informative
Nice and informative
good for intrduction
Easy way of learning
great overview on AI
really useful course
Really Knowledgeable
Thoroughly edifying.
We should learn this
it was very helpfull
Very good experience
Its Very Interesting
IT IS A GOOD COURSE.
its very informative
Good and Informative
Extraordinary Course
Excellent teacher 
good and interesting
outstanding teaching
Its was very helpful
Good and informative
Useful for knowledge
best course to learn
good teaching skills
It's simply awesome!
goodbut too simple.
Simple to understand
Good for start at AI
Very helpful course.
Thank you Andrew Ng.
very helpfull course
Best teacher for AI.
good course.. thanks
very good experience
Exceptionally well v
Great overview of AI
Very helpful + best
i loved this course
Very useful, thanks
Good class to start
Basics of ai and ml
Thank you professor
extroadinary course
very useful session
It is very valuable
This course is good
It was very useful.
Very good course 
Easy to understand!
It is very helpfull
It is a good start.
Thank you, Andrew!!
interesting courses
Enjoyed the content
it was osum classes
The course is nice.
It helps me a lot..
Best place to learn
Good overview of AI
Very usefull course
its brief and clear
Andrew  is amazing.
it's a great course
Very Well Explained
Great introduction.
Very Informative!!!
Great basics for AI
Highly recommended!
Good Learning stuff
great work andrew !
thank you andrew ng
This is good for me
Helpful and useful
Insightful  Course
I like this crouse
very nice elarning
Interesting Course
Nicely explained !
very usefull......
Insightful Course.
Amazing experience
Good basic course.
Wonderful Learning
content is helpful
It was awesome....
Everything is good
Amazing experience
It is very helpful
It's a Nice course
Thankyou professor
very good lectures
Clear Explaination
very good to learn
It is very usefull
Good online course
Good Introduction.
Really Good Course
its good to learn.
Awesome Experience
It's good learning
Good for learning.
outstanding course
I love this course
Highly Recommended
A perfect overview
An amazing course!
Good experience!!!
Great short course
Very Good Course !
Nice introduction.
Extraordinary.....
Thanks for you!!!!
Very instructive!
thank you so much
Helpful thank you
Amazing professor
Love this course!
easy for everyone
more informative.
Well explained...
Very good content
Very illustrative
Its very helpful
it is very useful
An amazing course
Good for learning
Good teaching sir
Great Explanation
Great AI course !
great into class!
Bundles of thanks
Great intro to AI
Clear explanation
Nice introduction
Love it thank you
great for studies
thank you Andrew.
Good basic intro.
Good intro to AI.
It was very good
The best course!
Good opportunity
Thanks Andrew Ng
Best to learning
Good information
Very interesting
Awesome Training
very well for me
Awesome teaching
Very easy course
Amazing teaching
It's very useful
GOOD COURSE !!!!
good informative
awesome learning
It's simply nice
Very Good Course
Very Impressive.
Nice helps a lot
Nice explanation
awesome course!!
Must go for it..
Great course!!!!
Nice explanation
Amazing course !
muy informativo
Too Easy Course
Wow.. it's done
Well explained.
wonderful class
very insightful
You're the BEST
new information
Al for everyone
welllexplained.
Good and useful
Great overview!
Brainstorming!!
AI for Everyone
Great Course...
very impressive
Good and Useful
This is helpful
Thanks Coursera
Clear and crisp
Good Learning!!
its make future
Thanks for all!
Best Initiative
awesome, simple
Great Course !!
very useful !!
Great teacher.
Great Course..
great sessions
awsome course!
thanks so much
Excellent Work
It was Awesome
It was Awesome
an good course
Good for youth
easy to access
Very effective
It was helpful
Great learning
it was usefull
Great Learning
Great Content.
It is too good
This is Awsome
Very exciting!
Great session!
Interesting :)
I learn a lot
Very helpful.
learnt a lot.
good content!
good cource..
IT WAS SUPERB
I was great!!
good material
Good to learn
love to learn
Useful to one
Very Helpful!
Good learning
Thanks 
Its very good
really helped
Self learning
GREAT COURSE!
Very Helpuful
Great article
GREAT COURSE.
IT was fun !
out standing
simply super
New learning
I Love it :)
Good courses
very helpful
Thanks a lot
Good Explain
Beast course
Very helpful
Great stuff!
Good Content
so great...!
Very useful
Informative
very hepful
THANK U SIR
knowlegable
very useful
THANKS ALOT
Great!!!!!!
very useful
Great Work!
Interesting
best Course
loved it...
thank you !
Go for it!!
BEST COURSE
Its Aswome
love this!
Thanks sir
<Great Sir
Great one!
Very smart
good class
Good class
Great lear
Intresting
great outp
Very Good
Thank You
Very nicr
Loved it!
Great one
Its good
Thankyou
Good one
Itz gud
Perfect
thankes
Great..
thanks
Thanks
Great!
GREAT
