Just horrible programming excercises, grader does not work, lost hours of life trying to modify random stuff only to find out that a) I need to copy paste my solution to an empty notebook, or b) that the "correct" value and the instructions are actually incorrect and could never get graded correctly. The content is very rough, the videos contained embarrassing outtakes for several lessons now. If you noticed Andre Ng repeat himself or the video go to black, those are not streaming glitches--those are actually in the content you are paying for. The transcripts are machine translated and contain all kinds of misheard words. If you are not fluent speaker and rely on the transcripts, you will not take away too much from the videos. All in all, the content is sort of interesting, but the delivery is horrible. Also, it is far too long, there is some random stuff that does not mesh with the rest in each week, just to make barely enough content.
Fix the grader issues. Or at least give a bit more feedback from the grader. "You didn't pass, please try again" doesn't help. I'm sorry, but the last assignment of week 4 was really annoying. Even when you don't make mistakes.
IoU validation problem is known but nothing as been done to resolv itvideo editing problemunreadable formula in python notebook for art generation (exemple :  \(J_{style}^{[l]}(S,G) = \frac{1}{4 \times {n_C}^2 \times (n_H \times n_W)^2} \sum _{i=1}^{n_C}\sum_{j=1}^{n_C}(G^{(S)}_{ij} - G^{(G)}_{ij})^2\tag{2} \)What append ?  that was great so far... =(
Bugs in the programming assignments drive you to the point of giving up.
I know I am giving 2 stars :( but unfortunately this course was bit difficult and I don't know why Professor didn't first gave few fundamental concepts of computer vision. It's just my opinion maybe I'm wrong, maybe I'm right. But honestly we should have gone through some basic C.V. so that few students like myself can get a better understanding rather than directly diving into use of DL in CV.
boring and uninformative; could use improvement and some rehearsal before giving a lecture; boring and unorganized delivery; slides are horribly unorganized and boring; often times very confusing and hard to follow; should minimize the number of times the instructor references basic math and should use that time to motivate the concepts and applications
Assignement: Face recognition for happy house was not happy at allit took me 4 attempts to pass. triplet_loss function you need to submit incorrect answer to pass. to get correct answer you need to have axis=-1. Bu to pass you have to take it out.  I hope you guys fix to stop more people to waste there time. Not happy at all.
Lectures were good, but the assignments have major problems with the grading.  On several problems, you have to put in an incorrect solution in order for the grader to accept it.  This have been reported by a number of students in the forum.  It needs to be cleaned up.
Video clips need to be re-edited. There are "retakes" that are back to back, so you will often hear phrases and sentences repeated. Different program assignments have bugs in them so that you have to submit the WRONG answer in order to pass the grader.
The grader is a joker.  And the load on the server makes submission and grading taking forever. People have been complaining for months and not getting any help and not being fixed after such a long time is not excusable.
Interesting material but very sloppy in terms of attention to detail. The videos frequently have editing errors and the assignments often contain weird bugs that go uncorrected for months on end.
Cannot reset the deadline because of the garbage server. I paid 49 dollars per month but have no rights to access my assignment. I post my issue on the discussion forum but no one responded.
There has been problem with grading of IoU  function since last one year as of 10-06-2019. Nobody care to fix it. Once courses are created its left to earn unlimited money nothing else.
I can't finish the course due to buggy submission,  the problem is wide spread, lot's of students have the same issue with no response from the teachers. Unacceptable.
The course was really rushed, and there are many errors with the assignments, especially with the last one (couldn't submit at all even when i got the code correct.
TERRIBLE! had to submit wrong functions to get full credits in the last assignment! Wasted so much of my time reading through the discussion forums.DISAPPOINTED!
The preparation of the lectures seems rushed, with very little in the last week and the same paragraphs repeated. The assignments are thin with buggy grading.
Last part of the specialisation is not available (and coursera will keep taking subscription money for it).Avoid this until the MOOC is really complete.
admission doesn't work and there is no one to help you with issues you get on the platform. Mentors respond after 9 days sometimes. Absolut garbage.
The course is buggy. Assignments are almost never possible to pass following instructions. Too early to make it public.
The course is good but the bugs in the evaluator in the programing assignments make this course a nightmare.
Course wont let me do the assessment before a future date, I am basically paying to wait. WHAT THE FUCK
Without tensorflow knowledge it's a bit hard. Also Grader problems and bugs was annoying!
filled with bugs, wasted a bunch of time resolving bugs with the grader.  very frustrated
zero star!!! quiz will show you fail for correct code, worked in xcode!!! terrible!!
It is almost impossible to get an answer for the people responsible for the course
Lots of issue with Jupyter. Get some resources please instead of looting students
there have a bug in program homework, it wasted me a lot of time
The programming assignment in week 1 is ambiguous and confusing.
Very serious technical issue for the last week's assignment.
Didn't pass because of an error by the course
poor quality of the grading system
bugs in the homework
This is the hardest course so far in the Specialization. I don't know whether it's me who is lacking the knowledge to fully comprehend the material, or it is because the material wasn't presented well enough. The experience was quite frustrating, and lost the motivation that I had been carrying through the previous 3 courses.I appreciate Andrew's efforts in delivering the lectures with the aim to present most complex materials as intuitively as possible, but still I feel, because of the complexity involved with CNNs, the material need more explanations, and maybe extending the course duration to 6 weeks will provide more opportunity to the instructors to present the matter more clearly.Quite remarkably, the programming exercises fell short on my expectation. It was not useful more than just a simple syntax-check exercise for TensorFlow/Keras/Python. It gives a false sense of achievement, when, in fact, I feel myself far from learning the theoretical underpinnings of the various algorithms explained throughout the course.To conclude, by completing the course, I believe that you surely would get to know the vocabulary used in CNNs and would be aware of the algorithms developed in the domain, but you won't learn enough to implement these algorithms from scratch yourself.
Great content, but this module gets far too buggy. The videos stutter and repeat as if they were going to be edited butt never were, and the programming exercises are so sloppy. The first exercise says, welcome to the second exercise, and congratulates you for finishing the course, even though the second assignment remains, that also says welcome to the second exercise! Loading a model hangs forever on one, and running the GAN crashes the kernel on the other. People in the forum have been complaining since at LEAST last year, and it's still buggy. This course content is great, but very shoddily put together compared to the rest. I am literally scared what week 5 will be like. Just clean it up guys. Hire an temp!
It was okay. Andrew is obviously very knowledgeable, and there is a wealth of knowledge here. I could go through it a couple more times and still pick up new stuff.That being said, I've heard him mention he did these videos at like 1 or 2 in the morning after work, and it's very obvious from the videos. He makes so many mistakes that every other lecture (it seems like) has a **CORRECTION** notification next to it. I mean it's great they give this additional correction information, but it would be even better if you just redid the video.Furthermore, he like stops in the middle of the videos and then repeats the last sentence he said, because he made another mistake. I get it, Andrew is very successful, he's very busy, and I am definitely grateful for the knowledge he's provided in this course. But this makes for a very poor learning experience, because I'm taking notes, and I have to go back and redo them, plus the general angst you get when you're learning something and someone's like "oh wait nope that's not right, forget that." Well for God's sake I already learned it.Finally, the submission assignments are the most annoying things I have ever come across. They are riddled with errors and misguided information where they literally tell you to use the wrong parameters, and then they never fix it. You have to go into the discussions to find out why your code is wrong, even though you're doing it right.Then, you'll get everything right on your code for the test cases, and when you go to submit it fails you. And when I say it fails you, it gives you a literally 0 out of like 30 points. And the grader output just says "your submission was incorrect" like no way, I had no idea. Thank you for that very **cough** helpful piece of info.If you go to the discussions, you find out this is actually a problem with how the grader is built, because if you don't format your code exactly the right way, it fails you, even if your solution is correct. I don't understand why it can be right when you run test cases, but submitting it fails.Overall, I give it 3 stars before the poor grading, but because of the poor grading performance I have to bring it down to 2. I can't tell you how much time I wasted trying to figure out why my code was wrong just to realize it was right, but they screwed up their implementation.In conclusion, this reminded me of a college course, where the professor has a ton of knowledge and is in high demand, and doesn't really care whether you get anything out of the course or not. It's sloppy, doesn't seem to be maintained very well, and most of the mentor's responses are literally "did you look at your colleagues similar questions?" Like no I didn't, that's why I'm asking. Why am I paying you so I can spend more time debugging your screw ups? Or maybe I did and I still don't get it because your explanations are ridiculously unclear.I have one more course in this specialization and I absolutely can't wait for it to get over with so i can move on to more productive (and immersive, since these exercises are just one off "do this then do that" instructions, I still don't know how to set up a Deep Learning project from scratch) ways to learn Deep Learning. If Andrew wasn't so knowledgeable about this topic, I wouldn't even take it because it's that bad. But really you can't get this type of knowledge in such a condensed form anywhere else.
I found it very easy to go through the assignments and the quizzes were great, but I do have 2 complaints: -- I didn't get quiz feedbacks (they seem to be disabled), so, this is a huge let down and I wasn't able to completely grasp the concepts. -- For example the Gram matrix I had to accept it was true when they said "if the filters are quite similar then the dot product will be high". Show this please? #mastery #selfcontained. -- Another example, on the programming assignment, on Neural Style transfer, it is POORLY explained how the framework works when it comes to setting a_G and a_C. Then it is said "this will be covered (explained) in the "model" function, which wasn't. -- I have printed most of the mentioned papers and I am starting to read them, I loved the fact you recommended papers on this lesson, and the rest of the programming assignments were great, especially when you would provide "Hint" to go to the docs and lookup the method, etc.
I feel this is by far the weakest of the first 4 courses in the series. The information is really valuable and the homework offers almost no opportunities to actually explore CNN architectures. The homework is more about implementing a few parts of a dictated network where all of the critical information is provided. The only exercises are in more vector manipulation and knowledge of frameworks that are never talked about in the actual course material. I'd love real framework material and real opportunities to practice using them, but the limited exposure here does not cut it.Basically, I listened to the videos talk about CNNs, answered quiz questions about minor foot notes in the lectures, and then messed with vectors again. Oh, and the video editing was pretty choppy in this course compared to the others. Disappointed.
Course is great, but there were several bug in the homework, including misleading tests. In one, getting the right value (triplet loss) results in a failing grade, getting the wrong values (using help from the forum) get you to pass the test. In another test, there were corrupted files; one has to add a print statement in a helper function, learn what file is corrupted, rename it, reload the exercise, and voila, it works. Clearly, graders should survey the forum more closely to address these issues. Hopefully it will be addressed soon, and these comments will become moot.That aside, the quality of the videos and the insight provided by Andrew Ng are second to none, thanks for the outstanding instruction
Felt compelled to review this particular course to voice my dissatisfaction. The course, as it stands right now, is rather poor in quality. The lectures contain several errors that are lazily corrected. Sections of video are incorrectly spliced together that chops up the flow. The programming assignments drop sharply drop in quality from the previous courses; they're pretty close to "type the stuff we tell you to type" at this point. Even at that, there's several errors in those assignments that require digging into the forums because the course instructors seem to lack quality control.I quite enjoyed this specialization in courses 1-3, but this course has left quite a bad taste in my mouth.
While the content of the course is thought provoking and up to date, the overall quality is quite low. Videos are of moderate quality with very poor audio editing, and the programming exercises suffer from poor auto-graders. Regarding programming assignments, I spend most of my time trying to get just right combination of function calls despite getting exaclty the right answer in my tests. Typically this comes down to using just right numpy or tensorflow function, despite either one giving the same results. Overall, I wouldn't recommend taking this course for credit but rather simply extracting the relevant lessons and recommended readings.
The lectures are quite interesting, but the course should be at least twice as long to cover the CNNs with enough depth for a practical application. For the assignments, the Grader and the Notebook worked terrible compared to all the courses I took on Coursera so far. There were many discrepancies between the Notebook and the Grader- code matching the expected output in the Notebook would fail in the Grader etc. Starting about two days before the assignment deadlines, loading models into the Notebook would take 30-40 minutes, and crash most of the time, with unreadable error messages. Files got corrupted, sessions ran for hours...
As with other courses from Andrew, the lectures were great - easy to follow, clear explanations, great insights, lots of practical advice.  The main reason for the lower than average rating is related to all the issues with doing the programming assignments.  There seemed to be a larger than usual number of errors in the notebooks and one in particular (Week 4) had a problem with the grader that persisted for several weeks (if not still ongoing). In addition, several of the assignments didn't seem to really help in understanding the algorithms for CNN but instead concentrated on the minutae of the frameworks like tensorflow.
This course presents some important state-of-the-art in convnets and teaches you everything you need to get your feet wet in that area. As always, Andrew is a great teacher. However, the programming assignments are a mess. Sometimes they are trivial, sometimes you feel completely lost. That wouldn't be a problem, if it were not for multiple bugs in the grader. So, after solving the task correctly, you find out that the grader expects an incorrect value and you have to figure out what mistake the developer might have made. Without the forum and very helpful other students, there is almost no chance of completion.
Frustrating and annoying pitfalls in the assignements: most of the time you lose time on trivial syntactical issues on python / tensor flow, rather than concentrating on the model itself.Beside that the Kernel stabiliyt is gettin worse and worse in these courses as the weight of the models increase: the kernel breaks too frequently and you don't have  any other way to restart it from the beginning, losing all the modification. It takes ages to reach the end for trivial issues, not related to the subject of the course It is impossible to accomplish the grades without digging in the forums
Material explained very well, but course material was very poor.  To really understand the material one has to basically rewrite all the class notes themselves.  Maybe this is a great way to learn, but it can take a lot more time than advertised.  The jupyter notebooks are well done, and a great source for future reference.  But the main problem is that only the notebooks can be downloaded.  All datasets and pictures do not download using the provided coursera instructions.  I called coursera, but the problem could not be solved.  This was very disappointing and extremely frustrating.
Assignment for Week 3  is just a load of BS. Complete mess with no structured attempt to explain relations between suggested data-structures and built-in functions that use them. Whole fairly nice course is completely ruined by this one mindless pile of 'fill in random line of code to get the result' approach.On the top of that - a final cherry on the pie was complete mess with Week 4 assignment on face recognition. Multiple bugs in the assignment code and grading, broken db's for the notebook and complete lack of support from Coursera. A shame. Weak and shame.
This course is an interesting review about techniques of image recognition based on neural networks. Unfortunately, it is not possible to achieve a deep understanding of these techniques during the time the course lasts. The practical activities are just filling lines in programs following the provided instructions and, sometimes, it is even possible to do it without understanding the rest of the code. The frequent disconnections between the notebook and the server slowed me down a lot and even made me lose all my work and start from scratch several times.
The first couple weeks laid a good foundation for understanding CNNs, but I did not understand the point of diving so deep in to Computer Vision, especially having a lengthy programming assignment devoted to an algorithm as complex and relatively niche as YOLO. There are several different architectures/applications of Deep Neural Nets conspicuously absent from this entire sequence, most notably GANs and AutoEncoders. I felt a good deal of frustration when implementing the programming assignments in the latter half of this course
Overall it's a very comprehensive course with a broad set of topics which I found insightfull. However, the programming assignments, in particular the Happy House, was done in a rush due to errors in the models and code provided. Part of the assignment couldn't be tested just for the lack of access to the model and evaluated its results after its grading. The forums were also crowded with many threads talking about similar issues. Hope you can improve this section in order to create a more solid course.
Very buggy, videos having problems (like repeating phrase), many errors in notebooks so that you spend more time trying to understand why grader doesn't work than on actual exercises...The explications are either too simple or too sketched, so that you never really understand where difficulties are. The programming exercises are hard on the programming part and too easy on the math part, essentially what it is difficult is using tensorflow and keras with little or no explications.
The "mentors" that are supposed to help answer questions in the forums are essentially useless. They rarely answer questions, and when they do, they often don't provide any useful information and answer a question that is not what the person asked. For one of the assignments, many of the necessary files were missing, making it impossible to complete. That said, Andrew Ng is a great explainer and the course content is generally excellent.
Content was solid, however too much to fit into 4-weeks. Had issues with technical errors on every single assignment. The last two weeks assignments exhibited both grader errors and work-loss errors - for both weeks (last 3 assignments) jupityr notebooks dumped significant amounts of work despite session saves, and submissions ran into 0 values for some assignments, that were later given full credit in later submission attempts.
i had to fudge most of my submissions to make them fit the broken graders - and that was for those that actually had sufficient explanations in the material, and assuming the material was accurate. some areas are well explained, and its clear what's required, but others take huge leaps of expectation with little guidance, leaving the student to use trial and error to figure out what the expected solution is. that's very poor.
This lecture is very helpful and informative. One weak point is that there is little information on Tensorflow which makes the assignment unclear. What makes this worse is the assignment can waste you a lot of time (To be honest, my same code get different grades). And I cannot believe the team hasn't fixed any of them for over two years. There are a lot of discussions already. Coursera should really look into this.
Started this course with high expectations, coming from the previous 3 courses.Boring assignments, uninteresting topics (such as YOLO and neural style transfer), horrible video edits and Jupyter notebook issues ruined this course for me.The previous 3 courses were excellent, but this course needs more work. I wish there was more depth to the content, similar how the content were presented in the previous 3 courses.
The videos need editing. Ng repeats himself in several places as he tries to explain an idea. The programming assignments use too many global variables. The programming assignments real challenge seems to be in reshaping tensors when the reshaping is unnecessary.  The wording of the problems in the quizzes needs improvement and clarification.I liked the content. This course didn't feel polished like the others.
Too much focus on YOLO and other very computer-vision specific applications. The general introduction on ConvNets is good, but there are other applications than stuff for self-driving cars. I wish the examples were more diverse. In addition, the Jupyter notebooks used in this course are extremely unstable. You're unable to save your progress, and there will be problems submitting your coursework.
While I enjoyed Andrew's course on NN, I am a bit disappointed with his CNN section for one major reason: he did not explain the philosophy behind filters, etc. Instead, he tried to cover too many things based on the latest developments in the field of CNNs. Take this course if you don't mind being exposed to the subject without understanding deeply (no pun intended!).
The course itself is great, but the grader is seriously broken and the staff has not been willing to fix it for more than a month. So basically when you are finished with correct implementation, you spent lot of time in frustration trying to get through the grader, then you go to the forum and find out what need to be changed in your solution to pass the grader...
The first two sessions are very well explained, with clear and precise examples. However the last two sessions, are explained in a very superficial way, without a good example, the explanation of these sessions are not deepened, the practical exercises don't teach how the problem is really solved. To truly learn, it is necessary to go out searching the internet.
The subject of the lectures are good. However, Andrew's voice is still relatively small with other noises. Also, there are quite a lot  of times when same words are repeated in the audio. Finally , during the lecture a felt a little bit of sinocentrism from Andrew.
Multiple of the videos have editing issues and repeat clips. Programming excercises were good, but final programming exercise was a pain to finish, not cause of difficulty but cause of having to debug code without any proper feedback on whats wrong.
The lectures were taught far above the heads of my colleagues and I and the practical exercises were far too simple. I really wish the instructor took a course on pedagogy or went through Software Carpentry instructor training.
Week 4 videos were not edited at all. Week 4 lecture slides were not available for download. Week 4 programming exercise grader had significant errors such that the incorrect solution needed to be coded in order to pass.
Some of the topics were not explained in enough detail and felt like being quickly skipped. There were some problems with the grader system in one of the assignments which wasted a lot of time and caused frustration.
Content was great but a very buggy grader in week 4 made for a stressful experience that upset many students. Grader bugs caused me to repeat the course in another session and those bugs remained in the next session.
Programming assignments did not deal directly with the CNN models, but with auxiliary functions. Hacking the grader was more important than getting the right answer. Videos should have been better edited too.
Lectures are awesome, really inspiring and intuitive.Trouble with submitting assignments. I've solved the given question and resubmitted for almost six times, but the kernels showing up errors.
Horrible user experience with the "Jupyter Hub" constant issues that makes trying to do the exams an absolute nightmare and a perfect anxiety booster!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
In some tasks the delivery format is arbitrary and does not specify well what is wanted, that is, so the numerical value requested is good, the output is incorrect. due to format issues.
Programming part was not explained well. I guess programming syntax and flow of code should be explained too instead of just telling theory or focusing mainly on theory.
TOO MANY BUGS IN THE EXERCISES.It was a dis-incentive. Really.And I love me some deeplearning.ai! It has been great. The videos and content structure are fantastic.
Though the videos were very good but the assignments require too much from us and also there are few mistakes in week 3 and 4 notebooks which take a lot of time.
The content is excellent, but there were technical problems with the final homework assignment that were not addressed by staff in a timely manner.
Content was interestind and provided good theoretical overview. Exercices where you just have to fill in some line of codes are not usefull.
Some of the code was incorrect and the guidance was often confusing. Visibly worse than the other courses in the specialization,
Don't feel like I understand these models much better than before. Still don't see the logic of the identity layers
Lots of problem with the grader. Wasted a lot of time grappling with grader issues. Very disappointed.
The quality of some of the graders e.g. IOU is poor. One cannot make out what exactly is it checking
Disappointed by the quality of notebooks, which often disconnect and lose all the code you wrote.
The course assignment parts have many errors, I have to fix it myself. That's silly.
Good content, but quite a bit of technical work is needed to present this better.
for goodness sake "your didn't pass the test" isn't feedback for notebook grades
The content was good, as usual, but week 4's quiz was pretty buggy.
Good course but lots of technical issues with the assignments.
The notebooks were too simple. And the grader was not working.
Videos are good, but exercises are really confusing
content good, but assignment is in poor quality
The structure of the assignments is not good
Programming exercises have bugs
Numerous technical issues
Dear Instructors, This is most frustrating course in all of your courses so far. The instructions were completely misguiding the candidates from YOLO implementation onwards. All along you presented the course very well. But when come to most important topics, we had to focus on syntactical errors. But we are supposed to spend time on understanding the algorithms at this level. Dont know why this 180 degrees turn taken by you. If you intentionally designed this course then fine. Otherwise, you should seriously think about rework on the instructions. Few links to hints were taking to some pages in github with just folders.I am sure , many learners here have such same opinion. I can see this in the forum postings.From YOLO onwards, you were not giving the big picture of the task. This is confusing. We are lost, where we are heading by the mid of the assignment.With all due respect to your highly precious time, I request you to enhance the assignment instructions.All motivation I got from previous course, losing because of this course.Personally, I feel YOLO easy to understand, but instructions were misguiding and confusing the candidates.This is my honest feedback, as I very much like this course. I am going forward for the 5th course in this series.Last but not least. Thank you for making this high quality knowledge made available for public with easy access via Coursera.
Great lectures but the programming assignments feel as if it is testing your proficiency with tensorflow which is neither formally covered in the lecture nor the most intuitive framework to understand so you'll spend so much time digging through convoluted tensorflow documents and qna and whatnot to debug your codes that you would rather learn tensorflow formally first and then take this course and still end up finishing it faster than only going through this course only but it is only the programming assignments that basically assume that you are already familiar with the tensorflow framework so if you are only going to go over the video lectures it gives a great overview of how CNN works and many useful algorithms which can applied to a assortment of situations
Theoretical material was great as always. However, programming assignments were poorly commented in some cases which results in unnecessary confusion.
Assignments are very bad explained
When I am doing the programming assignments, I felt that some part were quite difficult since I had no background in neither Keras nor Tensorflow. It was helpful that in one of the previous courses there was a tutorial for the basics of Tensorflow. But for Keras I felt that there is a gap between what I have and what is needed for the assignment. So I would suggest a more thorough tutorial for Keras. Maybe several short tutorials talking about the implementations and ideas of Tensorflow & Keras may help a lot.
Some parts of the course seemed incomplete to me, wanted more information on why things work exactly as described. Last week assignments have a number of uncertainties/bugs.
Homeworks are too canned and do not promote deeper understanding.
I think it's a good idea to remove repeated parts in the videos. Also, put all pieces toguether to give a better overview of the object detection solution
I am a bit disappointed with this course , despite best efforts by Andrew.  There is serious lack of rigor and while it is exciting to see things work , there is very little science to give us a methodical reason of why it works .  In  ConvNet we see the input data, a multi dimensional matrix get reduced in size using filtering and convolution operation  techniques.   From a mathematical point of view, this  is clear and can be formalized but it is not clear why this process causes the ability to identify edges in a picture and evolve as we go deeper into the convNN to the real picture etc...  It seems to me this more like an alchemy rather then a rigorous scientific approach and this is why it was difficult to follow the exercises from the material of the course  .   I have to put concerted efforts to understand the literature which itself was not easy as it lacked rigorous mathematical and scientific approach ( why we have to increase the channels by multiples as we go deep into the conVNN ? etc...)  .  It seems to me the whole field is at its infancy with trials and errors - and more formalized approach  is needed.
This is not an education in any way. Yes, Convolutional Neural Networks provides good overview of convolutional networks and technology behind it. I like the way Andrew Ng structured material and his way to explain some details. Unfortunately, as a common problem for all "Deep Learning Specialization", theoretical material only scratches the surface of the knowledge. There is nothing deep in terms of theory. You will have to spend quite a lot of time digging for information yourself if you plan to use course material for any practical task, or assignment. In order to get missing pieces, I got to go through whole Spring 2017 CS231n. It is fine if you have enough time to see two sets of videos, but I expected to get same quality of material here, on Coursera.Another course issue is quizzes. I am puzzled what these quizzes are testing. Provided answers often assume tentatively more than one correct variant. Probability theory works against you - you may happen to select correct answers for some questions , but definitely, not all of them. In the same time, it is quite easy to derive correct variant from second try.Course programming assignments are complete disaster. While I kind liked programming assignments from week 1 and 2, I felt like I wasted my time working on programming assignments from week 3 and 4. I expected programming assignment to guide me through some training of complex networks, give some practical insight, which I can use for real-life tasks, but it was not there. There is a good introduction to TensorFlow, while Keras is not even touched. And many assignments of week 3 and 4 are using Keras. It is necessary to peek-up theory and practice regarding Keras elsewhere. After one get enough knowledge about Keras elsewhere - guess what - programming assignment becomes useless as education, because it is too trivial.I really wanted to rate this course as Two-Stars, but video materials and programming assignments from week 1 and week 2 slightly improved my attitude.
While the online teaching of Prof. Ng, is excellent as in the other courses, this course specifically, has several pitfalls which can not be ignored:1) The teaching and cover being given for TensorFlow are by far insufficient. If this subject is seen as an essential part of the course, it must be instructed systematically but this is not the case, unfortunately.  More often than not, you find yourself doing guesswork in the assignments when it comes to TF code, which is also reflected in the Discussion Forum. So to summarize, TF must be covered in a systematic way, either in this course, or a previous one. 2)  There is a bug on week 4 NST assignment, on the given code. Should be fixed.3)  There are several written correction to errors in OnLine videos. These Videos can and should be  rerecorded. 4) Last but certainly not least:  I have experienced frequent and really disturbing connection problems with the Python Notebook, with frequent connection errors, which can not be recovered and wherein one must open again the Notebook. While this was, to some extent, the case in other courses, in this course it was much more of a problem, especially in Week 4, probably due to a large amount of data, and where each rerun requires another  20 - 30 minutes. a MUST fix. Thanks,Y. Shachar.
This course let me down a bit. Like the other three in this sequence the content was great. Lectures were informative and I appreciate the detail that Andrew Ng goes into while talking about propagation. The pictures he draws are always instructive as well. It is not frequently you find instructors who are both experts in their field as well as know how to convey their knowledge to a broader audience. Unfortunately, the production quality is not of the same standard as the previous courses. In the last three courses very occasionally would a sentence get repeated. Here it was, or seemed like, dozens of times. This can be very grating when listening to hours of lectures. Additionally, the homework grading system had a bug/error which resulted in lots of people being frustrated when trying to submit their work. While accidents happen the response of one moderators-"search this key word"-was not appreciated. I would certainly never tell my students to google something when I had made a mistake in the assignment. It was unhelpful, inappropriate given the mistake was on the creator's part, and borderline unprofessional. Then again, maybe the moderator was just English. I will finish the series but I sincerely hope the production quality is back to normal in the final RNN course.
The material is getting a little stagnant in the courses. In a couple of the assignments there were code writing portions that used tensorflow 1.0.  This version has been deprecated to 2.0 and the documentation links for the 1.0 examples and tips in the programming exercises appear to have been archived.  It would be excellent if the course were refreshed some with more current frameworks.  I know this can be challenging but i think 1.0 was deprecated some time ago now.  Also, it would be very helpful if you offered a course on working with pretrained models (e.g. FaceNet, MxNet (ResNet) models, COCO models, etc) as this is a huge benefit in being able to get moving quickly.  Andrew points this out in his lectures and focuses some time on it.  Even if there were some pointers/guides to getting rolling quickly, even if it amounts to RTFD for some cases. This learning in this course has been excellent but i now see a gap to getting to the next stage of being able to pick up a pretrained model and extend it or apply for my own purpose.
Andrew is like my inspiration. The entire specialization is top notch, but somewhere or the other this course is quite off par. After going through the videos several times also things are still a mess.I love how Andrew makes things easier but this needed more delicate tuning with a bit of programming included in the videos. How to go ahead with transfer learning, how to move on building our own ConvNets. The course started superbly with the description of filters. How horizontal and vertical filters are made and everything but with the algorithms it went puff.  A more delicate approach to teaching the complex models would have helped.And this course really needed a fully-fledged assignment and not fill in the blanks type. Hopefully, the instructor takes note of this.
Generally, I admired the "fundamental principles" approach in which the course was taught. It's helpful for those who want to understand CNNs from scratch.On the other hand, there are some points for improvement. First, I think the programming exercises are insufficient: they are good for an entry-level experience of how the lectures are implemented, but I think they need some additional exercises (probably optional) that will focus more on practical settings. Second, I think it's time for the course to consider adapting to TensorFlow 2.x.x. Third, although this is rather too personal, I found the discussion on object detection too short. Nevertheless, I would recommend this course to anyone who just wants to gain conceptual understanding on CNNs.
The YOLO week was fuzzy on some fundamental concepts around what a ConvNet output looks like when split into a grid and how bounding boxes are resolved when the shape extends beyond it's own cell. You can see a lot of confused students asking similar questions on this in the forum and most of the TAs seemed pretty unsure of their understanding of YOLO as well and hedged most of their responses with "This is the way I understand it, but I may be wrong". The YOLO homework and the Neural Style Transfer homework had a poor introduction to some very unintuitive Tensorflow concepts. It's got my curious about how the Fast.AI course made the switch from Tensorflow to PyTorch - I'd love to make that switch after these assignments.
I liked the content of the lectures but this course seems unfinished.  Several of the videos were poorly edited and contained portions which were clearly meant to have been edited out.  More disappointing, the assignments did not build on each other or the lectures very well and some of the assignments required more understanding of TF than was provided trough the earlier assignments.  Also, it seems like the assignments did not follow clear patterns which made them somewhat difficult at times.  IMHO, the Neural-style transfer material can be  removed and replaced with more exercises in TF or Keras.  I think that that would be more valuable and help people be better prepared to use either on their own.
The subject of this course is very interesting and I love that it is so bleeding edge. But the quality needs to be improved. Many videos repeat the same sentence again and again and seem to be very poorly edited. But even more annoying (and time consuming!) are errors and inconsistencies in the excercises. Most Notably in the grader (triplet_loss for week 4). Also, the changes to the quiz result displays are not helpfull: I was told that my answer was wrong for at least 2 questions where I was pretty sure and I would have liked to see that the answer I intended to give really is the wrong one. Maybe I just clicked the wrong checkbox unintentionally.
Course material is good but lacks in the area on how to use tensorflow. Unfortunately, tensorflow documentation itself is terrible. Testing and grading systems are buggy and haven't been fixed for months (check the forums). Specifically, for the first programming assignment when one of assignment functions returns correct answer based the specifications provided in the code the grader grades it 0  and grades it correct when you violate the specifications and generate a wrong answer. In the quiz, portions of the questions are blank/missing and one has to totally guess the answer (obviously I was unlucky to guess both my questions wrong :( )
Had problems with assignments in Week4 : the strange thing: sometimes everything is explained in maybe even to much detail, then again there are cases where one feels fooled like when you have to use np.sum() instead of tf.reduce_sum() in the verify()-cell. By suggesting the use of tf.reduce_sum in the cell before you indirectly  suggest its usage also later on! And this really doesn't add anything to your qualification, it is just annoying having to skim a lot of threads in the forum to finally find out the solution.And more care should have been given to the videos: Andrew's repetitions of whole sentences should have been cut out!
While as always Professor Ng was brilliant and informative, the final homework assignment (face recognition) was a disaster.  Not only could we not load the weights because of corrupt files, but when that was resolved  and the homework was submitted, the grader would only pass students who intentionally answered the Triplet section of the code wrong. What made this especially painful was the time it took to run the models.  Tensorflow is not the easiest code to debug.  One of the mentors from the course needs to monitor the forums closely - twice a day would not be too often.   React and take charge when things start going badly.
The course material is really good and Andrew explains things really well. However, the programming assignments cause a lot of problem owing to the performance of the grader where by correct answers are marked as incorrect/incomplete and the only option to submit the assignment OR get it graded correctly is to follow steps from the forums to make changes to the files to trick the grader in order to get it submitted. From the forums it seems like these problems have been there for over 2 years and still has not been fixed. Overall the programming assignments are really good and helps in understanding the implementations.
I was taking this course because I hope to apply machine learning to biological problems. So while the first two weeks were great and super general, the third and particularly the fourth weeks were less relevant to me at this point but I had to struggle with them to get the certificate. Ideally, I would say that a way to improve this would be to create another week, dedicated either to biological problems or to something more general to all and let the students choose between the content of that week vs. the current 4th week. Another option is to make this a 3-week course and leave the 4th week entirely optional.
The video lessons gives very clear and understandable concepts but I didn't feel that the coding exercises will help me to write my owns. I could easy fill in the blanks and get the required grades but I have to admit that for the most of it I didn't understand what I was doing or what was happening in the part I didn't have to fill in. I have a reasonably strong mathematical background and barely no coding knowledge (a bit of Matlab and beginner python training). The whole deeplearning program was going relatively well up to the coding exercises in this course which jump a step too much for me.
Not as great as the previous three courses. The exercises here are much more challenging than before, but not always for the right reasons. A thorough primer on Tensorflow should be made mandatory in this course. A lot of the time you eventually manage to complete the exercises without really knowing what you are doing. The subject matter in this course is also more complex than in previous courses, so more attention needs to be put on really making students understand the fundamentals thorougly. Also, sometimes buggy or inexplicable grader output. Andrew Ng is still a great instructor though.
I have been a big fan of the series.  I think it is a must-take series.  I took this course when it was freshly released.  The materials and programming assignments were quite good from week 1 to 3.  However, the week 4 programming assignment was not ready.  I encountered a few issues in the autograder and test data loading.  I burned some time tracking down them.  Fortunately my fellow classmates were very helpful in the forum.  I am sure all problems would be solved in coming weeks.  Just keep a mental notes.Having said that, the materials is worth the pain.  Go take it!
Wonderful course by Dr. Andrew Ng BUT IT WOULD BE WY BETTER if the 
course offered EXECUTION EXERCISES following Google AI courses (see 
below)https://developers.google.com/machine-learning/crash-course/introduction-to-neural-networks/playground-exercises) 
Since many of us want to learn the course 
material and EXECUTE COMMERCIAL (or SEMI COMMERCIAL CUSTOMIZED) CODES 
and NOT INTERESTED in PROGRAMMING/CODING please provide GUI driven online execution modules INSTEAD
 OF PROGRAMMING EXERCISES ! Thanks,Rahul Guptarahulgupta2020@gmail.com
Really liked the course content but the true learning was in the homeworks that had the implementation details. After completing the course I was unable to download my own completed assignments as the course assignments were locked out for me. I don't want to re-submit any of them but I want to download my work to be able to refer to it and learn from it. I can see posts in the forum asking me to download them when the next session of the course becomes available, but I cannot afford to keep on paying ~ $50 subscription until it does.
The content covered is excellent as with the other courses.However the material in this videos etc have many editing glitches. In addition some of the notebook based programming assignments are misleading and have minor errors that caused auto-grader issues. In addition the programming assignments seem to be dumbing down. You spend lots of timing solving syntactic nuances of tensorflow, Keras etc rather than being asked to solve cerebral problems that help understanding of the concepts.
This covers hugely important information and really deserves five stars, but it is fundamentally clumsy.  Even leaving aside the unprofessional disaster that is the week 4 assignment 2 grader, the difficulty level is all over the place and the description of the style transfer is borderline incomprehensible (possibly because Prof. Ng is trying to soft-pedal the linear algebra?)Coursera, Prof. Ng, please take a second look at this one.  It needs -- and deserves! -- better work.
Assignments really need to be improved. Of all the courses in this specialization, this particular course frustrated me a bit. Thanks to the discussion groups, I was able to sail through.Moreover, Grader should provide the summary of error in our submission rather than just showing wrong submission. Course Material was really good. 5 on 5 for that part, but the assignments really troubled me and others as well, as can be easily seen in the discussion groups.
Lectures were great. The descriptions for all applied operations, algorithms, etc. by Andrew are excellent. However, the Programming Assignments this time around demanded a lot of looking up TensorFlow and Keras functions (even during the Keras Tutorial). Especially Week 3 was a struggle for me. At some point, the framework simplicity is turned into rather harsh complexity. A better explanation of what TensorFlow/Keras commands to would be of advantage.
First of all, thank you for providing such a rich content.I know its hard to strike a balance between covering content and "actually" delivering them to the student. Course #3 and especially #4 felt very rushed when it came to the exercises. The tensorflow concepts that came back out of nowhere and solutions would have been nearly impossible without the copious hints.PS: Course 4 "happy house" face recognition assignment was choke full of bugs.
Very good introduction to concepts on Convolution Networks.  It would  have been great to put more emphasis on how actual models like "FRmodel" are trained vs tested. E.g it would be great to provide information on the fact that 3 parallel networks need to be used that share weights.  So more exposure to practical aspects of implementation would be useful.  Essentially a lot more time can be spent on exercises than what is meant for them
This was an interesting course. It provides a high level look at face recognition/verification and various state-of-the-art aspects of convolutional neural networks. The one thing I found frustrating in this course was the grader. It was very particular for at least one homework assignment on the order in which you entered your variables. I spent way too much time on debugging for simple things like that.
The content was great, and is probably the best available. However, the grader was so flaky it really shook my confidence in the material. I'm the type of person who will try and try until I'm literally about to give up before I look for help in the forums, so I lost a LOT of time on these exercises. This was by far the WORST of the five courses in the specialization. Sorry to yell, but YOU CAN DO BETTER!
Depplearning.AI: Please do not release content unless it is ready. The content is fine, but the assignments were clearly hastily put together and had basic bugs discussed all over in the forums. In particular, week 4 is a complete mess. Boiler-plate code that doesn't even relate student-content (to load a dataset) doesn't even run for many people. This wastes everyone's time. Really disappointing.
Overall a great intro to CNNs. But the last part of the course on object detection and facial recognition is very superficial. It explains the logistics of the disciplines (how to keep track of bounding boxes, etc), but it doesn't teach how to actually build such a system. The exercises make you fill in a bunch of indices and do vector math, but deliver the actual hard parts inside black boxes.
Very good covarage of the algorithms when it comes to analyzing pictures, and a good intro to the theory behind the models. But it is too little emphasis on other uses of convolutional networks like 1d convolutions, causal convolutions and similar. Maybe there are some coverage of these topics in the sequence course in the series, but it should be covered here to a larger extent either way.
All video content of this course where great, but i can't say it about programing assignments. YOLO and Neural Style transfer are by my opion advanced topics. I would more appreciate longer programming excersice, not only something where i only add some piece of code and i hardly understand what is going about. For example, convnets were clear, i could implement it by myself, but yolo no.
Course lectures and questions are very good. The programming assignments are also good questions wise, but the grading mechanism is quite annoying. We had to find out clumsy workarounds to get the correct grading, in one case, the code change needed for getting the correct grade did not result in the expected output. Coursera needs to change the method of grading programming assignments.
I can't believe the number of technical problems I've had with notebooks not saving my work on homework assignments.  It's very frustrating.  The content is good and I will continue with the course, but this is the first Coursera course I've had (actually, the whole series in this topic) where I have experienced the lost of work - I just lost about an hour on a homework assignment.
I am very annoyed with the evaluation of the notebooks. Not with the content itself, but with the support from instructors, which is non existent. It took me two days and 10 re-submitions to solve a problem that was unrelated to the code, but to the behavior of the grader system. No one replied my cries for help in the discussions. Very disappointed with the lack of support.
The content of the course is very good, as with all the Andrew Ng / deeplearning.ai material. However production standards seem to have slipped for this one. Repeated sections in video material and a final notebook exercise that contained errors and required finding a work around that was posted in a discussion forum. I hope these things can be corrected for others.
I have mixed feelings about this course in particular, although one learns many interesting and useful concepts, I did little implementation on my own. Also the involvement of Keras I found annoying, yes it eases the implementation of ConvNets, but while learning I would have preferred to use tensor flow instead, or even implement a simple NumPy ConvNet on my own.
The content is very good. The exercises are a bit useless. Don' expect to be able to use tensorflow after this course. Furthermore, they teach the syntax of tensorflow 1 rather  than the new 2. Therefore, when you try to solve the exercises you don't understand the discrepancies between the  online documentations and what they want for these exercises
Excellent course! I have learned the skills to combine image processing with machine learning. However, the assignment of the Week 3 has a problem that you have not fixed for a long time, and thus it wasted some time. And the assignment in Week 4 has problems of submitting, and that's why I only rated three stars. Hope you can fix the problems soon.
The Face_recognition assignment was a tough one to solve, i only got grader problems but still i wasnt able to figure out how to pass grader even though my code yieded right answers. That's my only complaint otherwise the  videos from Andrew were really easy to understand and the programming assignments were very well documented. Thanks :)
The assignments are less copy paste and some allow the student to explorer different NN architectures.  However, most of the videos are still a waste of time.  And the methods needed to complete the assignments aren't taught to the student.  Instead you have to spend a lot of time searching and hoping you find the right method.
video courses were really good, but the programming assignments drove me nuts. I am a senior software developer and I am writing software for more than 10 years now. I had a really hard time understanding the Tensorflow code. I think it is better to suggest a student to learn the basics of Tensorflow before doing this course
Couple of suggestions: 1) fix the artwork via neural networks assignment as there is a bug in your code 2) With the lectures I would suggest that you do a summary explanation of how the whole process works (all steps and motivation - a review) at the end of each group of lectures (one for artwork one for face recognition)
The theory is very good but the exercise part is not good enough for me (For example in the Face Recognition exercise, I'd like to build (even a simple model) and train the triplet loss function... However, all that I can do is only loaded a trained model and then apply some simple similarity measure on encoding vector)
videos are excellent and insightful as always. I thought the homework assignments for this section were the worst yet. simultaneously holding your hand so much you dont do or learn anything meaningful, and also providing you with obscure or insufficient guidance in the moments when youre asked to fill in the blanks.
Great class and amazing assignments. I really enjoyed learning about CNNs, YOLO, and Neural Style Transfer. Errors with submitting the assignments, particularly weeks 2 & 4 took away considerably from the overall satisfaction with the course. Thank you once again for providing a rich learning environment. :)
Programming assignments were not to the level of the prior courses in the series. Should have more illustration of using Keras/Tensorflow. Assignments either were too spoon fed or there was too little reference information whereas prior courses had a good balance. Many of the keras links are dead.
Theoretical content was very informative and high quality. However, some problems with the programming assigments were annoying. For instance, for the last programming assigment some weights would not load and it was necessary to go get the weights from the github repository of some other person.
The week 1 and 2 were perfect, then week3,4 had some issues with the lectures- Andrew sir was repeating some parts and the problems/corrections in the slides.Also the week3 object detection was tough n the hints were not enough, with the errors in the assignment submission costing me a day
Great content, veerything is clear and concise. Only downside is the grading of the exercises, which sometimes requires you to use a very specific syntax (even though another syntax gives the exact same results) and causes hours of painful debugging and reading through the forums.
Model implementation is abstracted in many exercises. Many helper functions are created to just make things work. TensorFlow feels a little foreign still, not enough of an overview. Higher level APIs like Keras and/or PyTorch might do better here instead of mixing in TF randomly
The last two weeks sometimes bored me and sometimes I had hard time in doing the assignments. The intuition behin object detection/face recognition and neural style transfer are well explained, but some more details for understaing how these models work is missing in my opinion.
The lecture content is good but the programming exercises are not explained well. Quite often you are left on your own to go through Keras and TensorFlow documentation. So, don't expect much help in  learning how to implement the theoretical ideas explained in lectures.
The lectures are very good.  The programming assignments are sometimes infuriating and do not add to an understanding of the subject at hand.  More can be done to explain the Tensorflow and Keras code.  Also complete code explained line by line would be VERY helpful.
I learnt a lot in this course, but i have the feeling that my knowledge is still very shallow specially when it comes to convolutional neural network design, i cannot tell pros and cons of each design and how to come up with new design that meets my use case.
The course is really good, but the assignment grader is a disaster. I spent days and nights reverse-engineering the expected codes, read the forums, only to pass the course before subscription expires, and this is certainly a very disappointing experience.
I wanted to give five star; however, I could not. The function "model_nn" in Week-4. assignment -1 has been very poorly designed/ poorly explained. When I searched the forum, there are numerous questions on the same topic; but,, there was helpful hint.
Bugs in the template code cause a lot of time waste.Also, the exercises need to be better which teach how to actually build a model ground up rather than just filling in small parts.Getting the main models working is the key, which is not covered here.
A great course, but I can't give it 5 stars... There's just too many broken assignments, the videos are barely edited, staff completely ignores discussion forums, and it generally feels a little unpolished. I'm sure this will improve in the future.
Videos are great and give a strong understanding of the concepts, but the programming exercises are underwhelming. I don't particularly feel confident about the hands-on understanding of the concepts after complete the somewhat shallow exercises.
Improve the quality of vedio please. there are too much repeats that could be easily avoided, it much worse than the first two courses, not about the centent, but the vedio itself, is your workers seriously correct the probleme of vedio??????
The course was great but only the first two weeks were sufficient for me as a Mechanical Engineer. I am not really interested in localisation and face recognition. Also, high time that you should update to Tensorflow 2.0 for your exercises.
What I really liked about the course was the actuality of the paper. However, I would have thought it absolutely necessary to explain the BackProp for CNNs. Also the grader problems in the last assignment force me to subtract two stars.
Face recognition notebook has a bug, I passed the grader but the function triplet_loss returned the wrong value in the notebook. Several other people have had this problem despite the fact that the notebook was supposed to be updated.
Assignments do suck. If model cannot be run locally there is no way to debug it.  More test cases that would cover most common mistakes would be quite useful. Otherwise the only way through is to burry into forum topics for hours.
The lectures were messier compared with the previous courses. Lot's of problems with the grading tools. The content of the course is great, so I would recommend it to others, modulo warning the others about being more patient :)
Covers interesting material and practical problems, and tries to get the student to implement useful tools, but there is a large disconnect between the understandable theory and frameworks used to implement the solutions.
Good course, but with the conjunction of the poor quality of  the Coursera interface, video quality, the price does not feel like a great bargain. Still I feel confident I can be efficient after following this course.
Exercises were purposly difficult because of obscure API documentation and quirks (not because the problem itself was difficult). Good school in debugging, I personally disagreed with it (V3 if I remember correctly).
Enjoyed the course but the programming assignments weren't well designed I think. They were more about debugging than applying what was learned. I preferred the assignments of the earlier courses of this curricilum
The production of the course felt rushed, there are numerous clipping issues in the videos and a major bug in one of the assignments. Also, for such a key topic to be covered in only 4 weeks felt very shallow.
Good explanations of the material but bugs in homework assignments and better explanations of tf usages is required for certain assignments. A refresher of tf via an additional assignment would've been nice.
Good insights on the YOLO algorithm as well as in Siamese networks and triplet loss. Miss some more deeper understanding both in the lectures and the assignments, but I totally recommend the course anyway.
very good topics discussed ,facial recognition and facial verification assignments do not do justice to the complexity involved.practical knowledge gained is less compared to other modules prior to this.
The knowledge is good, and the techniques taught are valuable; however, having to use a deprecated version of TensorFlow is annoying and a lot of this will have to be re-learned to be put into practice.
Course is very informative.Unfortunately, unlike other courses in the spec, there were quite a few bugs in the notebooks and they took quite a while to load due to the sheer weight of the models loaded.
Face recognition is a bit oversimplified, there is more to it that a simple accuracy metric. Priors are involved, which are included in the NN training, but should really be disassociated in evaluation.
In contrast to course 1 and 2, I've found the videos to be rather shallow (no pun intended), in the sense that, in my opinion, they haven't explained thoroughly the techniques' underlying mathematics.
This is a very interesting and well structured but the assignments in week 4 got alot of bugs, grading gives zero points for the right ouput (according to the notebook) and ten for a wrong one...
The course starts normal but suddenly gets very confusing from the start of week 2. Also it gets a bit difficult to understand things later on. Otherwise its very good course and i enjoyed it
Some frustrating issues with the week 4 assignments.  I would also like some explanation on how to download all the related materials so I can play with the models later on my own machine.
The programming exercises in week 4 have mistakes in them that have been reported over 2 months ago and still not fixed.I would expect a payed course to exhibit a higher responsiveness.
Content: good! state of the art!Lecture: to many cut mistakes of the videos such that many sentences are repeated.Exercises: content ok but notebook functionality and grader too buggy!
The lectures were pretty good - however, the programming exercises were rather error-prone. Huge thanks to the Discussion Forum where other students had posted trouble-shooting tips.
content was good,Yolo was hard and i still does not suggest,wasted too much time on exercises,when the answer was not match it passed! very bad experience with the exercise part.
Would have liked to learn more about why various architectural choices are made when building deep networks.  The nitty-gritty details and Python exercises were a little boring.
The last week (week 4) was not explained in enough detail. I was often frustrated because i was finding myself not fully understanding the concepts because of missing details.
Content was great but the grading issues with the homework assignments made this course very time consuming and frustrating. Will recommend it when grading issues are fixed.
The theory part is outstanding, concepts explanation is great but the programming assignments are not updated to TensorFlow 2.x that's an issue else everything was nice.
I hoped there would have been a more theoretical explanation and also talks about why some nets are done in this way rather than another; it seems like it's all magic.
Liked the concepts overall. The tieing up of basics concepts across different use cases could've been better explained from first principles and for better intuition.
Andrew Sir explanation is awesome, but please do explain concepts in videos also, as some programming assignments contain data, info that we are not having knowledge
I spend 1 week on the last assignment due of one bug. I am disappointed but the content of the course was good. Please next time react faster for correcting bugs
Grader in the last assignment is wrong. It has been reported in the discussion forums several months ago and still hasn't been. Apart from that, great content
The course gives you a good introduction to NN. However, the grading is buggy, and the content rather superficial. It gives you a false sense of achievement.
The homework assignments, compared to the other courses, where pretty low in quality. If these errors get corrected, I'd happily give this course 5/5 stars.
Some issues regarding the submission of assignments and some minute mistake in the videos and assignment. Although great teaching by Andrew as always :)
Issue with triplet loss function shouldn't happen. I had to remove "axis = -1" in order to pass grader even though function had produced wrong answer!!!
There are a lot of issues with programming assignments grader (I've spent one hour to complete assignment and two days to make a grader to get it)
The programming assignments contain bugs. Also the jupyter notebook kept on shutting down thus slowing down the learning process quite a bit :-(
Certain Parts are not that much clear. Specially like in the triplet loss function, until the coding was done the real procedure was not clear.
the assignment setup and graders are not updated after reporting issues several times which caused a great deal of frustration among students.
The last exercise it was a litle annoyng, it took me almost five days to figure out how to solve the face recognition because a grader fault.
There were repeats in the videos Also the answers to quizzes are not visible. If these would have existed, 5 stars would be reasonable.
Sometimes it was very difficult to understand lecturer because of his accent, but apart from that, assignments and lessons were helpful
This course is pretty good. Some things are not explained as well as Prof. Ng typically explains things, especially in the last week.
The Neural Style Transfer notebook seems to have makes it difficult in the last panel to access the generated_image global variable.
The assignments need to be reworked as they are quite confusing and the grading system is flawed especially for the last assignment.
More simple lectures with illustrations required and also graders need to fixed. Had a lot of time wasted because of buggy graders
It has very less explanation about working of back propagation of convolution network,plus it can explain YOLO in much better way
The course is great but the assessments and grading is terrible, so many particularities and repetition that does not make sense.
Week 3, exercise 2 is very buggy. Couldn't have completed it without the discussion forum. Kindly fix it for the future learners
Found it really difficult to submit programming assignments, at times the jupyter notebooks were not at all responsive.....
Course content was good but lack with hands-on projects. It would be really helpful if the team could add capstone project.
There should be a way through which folks can download the entire zipped contents of the programming and also the lessons.
Very interesting and with high quality material. It could be improved by adding more tutorials about the frameworks used.
Poorly edited videos, poorly worded (bordering incorrect) quiz questions, buggy notebook. Good, useful content, though.
The content of the course was perfect. But the support for the issues and the feedback for the forum threads is awful.
For the YOLO part would be nice to have explanation for how to set up training set and train your own object detector.
The homework portion of CNN is underwhelming. We are asked to play around the core algorithm but not the core itself.
The content of the course is a lot of fun. I loved this module. But unfortunately the grade engine wasn't work right.
The exercises are awkward - it is a lot of index juggling and I feel it does not help me understanding the "whys".
The audio was not clear ( mostly was of low volume) at moments when the instructor was telling important points.
some videos weren't properly edited (repeated sentences).I like the assignments but the machine was too slow.
The Algorithms should have been touched in depth, so that we could learn and apply everything from scratch.
Great intro to CNNs - would be 5 star but downloading the support files to your own machine is such a pain.
A great introductory course in CNN A little too many hints and too much guidance on every coding assignment
End of the course  was not well structured. But the starting of the course was good and very well planned.
Good Lecture overall, but the last assignments contain bugs that students were not supposed to figure out
Not enough materials about the fundamentals about CNN, just a couple of implementation without details.
The course was good but waiting for the 5th part of the 5-part specialization for months is a pain.
Going from lecture to code is too sparse.  Needs sample or pseudo-code that can be used as a guide.
Lecture editing and programming assignment quality start to go seriously downhill in this course.
The course is not ready for prime time: grader and exercise errors would make people bald. :)
Lectures are brilliant - but the course is let down by issues with the programming exercises.
Object detection chapter was too overwhelming and I wish Mr. Ng had dumbed it down a shade.
It will be very important an update, especially at week 1. A lot of commands are not used.
Good overview over the materials, but there are a lot of clipping errors and typo's....
Needs to discuss more applications outside of image classification and computer vision.
It is hard to understand the code and the training is limited in the coding homework.
course was good but server/grader bugs in the programming tests were demotivating...
Really interesting from a theoritical standpoint but the exercise are too guided..
Too much bugs in program assignment and sometimes the instructions are not clear!!
programming assignments are of lower quality than previous sections of the course
I would like to see the implementation from scratch, not only pre-trained things.
There were issues with the Coding Assignments. Lots of inconsistencies in grading
This course is great, but it DEFINITELY needs to be updated to Tensorflow 2.0
Terrible grading system waste u tons of time.The content itself is excellent.
The explanations of the first 3 courses were better and easier to understand
The grader was frustrating on the programming assignments, especially week 4
Class itself is great, but the buggy grader software should be fixed timely
Grading process/grader need to be improved for Week 3 and 4 assiignments
Some of the coding assignments had major issues that need to be fixed.
need to teach us more about tensorflow to do last week's assignments
Good content but the Coursera homework platform is severely broken.
The videos are not properly edited. Exercises are not very useful.
A bit difficult than prior courses. Still, enjoyed learning. :)
The convolution operator seemed a bit abrupt in the first week.
There are many things to improve in the programming assignment
Not very clear, still need to learn a lot to understand CNN.
The FaceNet assignment is bugged as hell! Please fix it ASAP
The programming difficulty suddenly increased exponentially
Very nice course, but grader issues kill all the pleasure.
The the Yolo assignment, the IOU part has grading problem!
Good content but assignment grading has lots of problems!
Programing assignments were more life fill in the blanks
Some of the details are not very good just like yolo.
Bugs in the programming assignments kills the flow.
Too easy excercises and with an old version of tf
I hate the errors in the assignments and graders
The coding assignment is a little bit too brief
Several bugs in the last programming assignment
too much material related to vision detection
Too much technical errors in the assignments
Some technical issues/errors in lectures.
Too many mistakes in assignment material
there were bugs in the jupyter notebooks
programming assignments are not helpful
some of the quizzes were a little buggy
I did not  like the assignments  of w#4
Little bit hard programming Excercise
Assignments can be made better
Need improvement on assignment
notebook were not functional
need improvement of content
Notebooks are a bit buggy
Serious bug in assignment
too many errors in test
Not enough theory
too theoretical
Content is great, but videos could be trimmed to cut retakes. A big issue is that guidance for programming assignments abruptly drops off from extreme hand-holding to being thrown in the deep end.
Great course. The only improvement I'd wish is to get a better introduction to the concepts of Tensorflow and Keras.
Good content, videos have the occasional editing hiccups that also affect other courses in this specialisation. Assignments could be a little bit harder but do a reasonable job at familiarising with useful deep learning frameworks.
The course content is great, I felt link the programming assignments should have more information on running the Tensorflow sessions and (optional )information for people who are not familiar with Tensorflow would be great.
Great course - only thing keeping me from giving 5 stars is the consistent problem with the notebooks/grader.
assignment  of week 3 has a bug about calculation of iou
Given the very high quality of Professor Andrew Ng's lectures, I wanted to give this five stars, and I have given his previous classes five stars for that reason.  You truly do learn a lot from what he teaches!Sadly I have to downrate this particular class due to huge technical problems with submitting Jupyter notebook based assignments.  In particular, week 4's face recognition assignment was marred by several issues.  For one thing, the grader would often crash and report technical issues instead of grading the assignment.  For another thing, the grader would also take 30 to 60 minutes to run, which is far longer than it takes to actually run the Jupyter notebook itself!  Finally, and quite seriously, in order to get 30/30 on the face recognition assignment of week 4, I had to submit an INCORRECT answer due to a bug in the grader itself.  At least for me these are primarily week 4 issues.This class is still a terrific value and a valuable course for anyone wishing to study deep learning, and I am planning to make good use of these lessons.  But I do believe that especially for the face recognition assignment it would have behooved the developers to test the assignment thoroughly before making it available to students and also to correct the substantial quality problems (i.e. failing a correct answer and accepting a wrong answer along with grader crashes) involving the grader.  I hope these programming assignment quality problems do not appear again in the fifth course on recurrent networks because I am very much looking forward to that particular course given some of the projects I work on!I was torn on whether to give this three stars only or four stars but decided that given the overall learning value I am still giving it four stars.  But again I do hope the developers are reading these reviews and also the discussion forums regarding the major quality issues involving the face recognition programming assignment.  The other assignments were very good and did not pose such ridiculous issues (my experience only.)
Overall, the course is a great resource. The reasons why 4 stars and not 5:Course material sometimes not as rigorous as one would expect: formulas for the same thing changing from one slide to the next (with the second slide not being correct), missing or erroneous indices like summation indices,... This is a bit unfortunate, as the course material is the one thing one would expect to be 100% accurate.Quiz questions sometimes ambiguous when not outright confusing, making you wonder what the quiz author is really after. In some instances (luckily not too many), getting the right answer is as much about second-guessing what the quiz author intent is as it is about checking you have understood the course contents correctly. Sometimes you guess right, sometimes you don't! On average, there is one quiz question per quiz where this is the case, so, you end up submitting twice: the first time with the answer to the question that you think the quiz author meant, and the second time with the answer that the quiz author expects, given what he really meant.Mentor support: this remark is not specific to this particular course, it is more of a general issue with Coursera courses. The Mentor system where mentors are supposed to help you out, while a great idea, just does not work as well as most learners can expect. There are situations where you can clearly see that mentors "pick" the forum questions they feel they can answer, but leave some others unanswered, either because the question does not interest them, or because they simply don't know.
Basically, last course in that specialization have not started yet. So, let me share feedback about current situation and my feelings about specialization here. Right now 4 courses released and they are all quite different if you will compare amount of practical exercises. This exercises are most important, but some of "weeks' doesn't have programming assignments at all. There is no homework here, and such weeks are quite boring. Python notebooks executed on very weak virtual machines and estimated execution time mentioned in notebooks seems VERY optimistic. You cannot debug tasks properly, and you couldn't play with models. And from other side you are not providing convenient way to just download task and run on my own server. Yes, you can say that a lot libraries required to run assignment's. But c'mon if you aimed  on future machine learning engineers, please give them a chance to setup software that they will use every day. Another problem in very big amount of misprints in formulas in notebooks, which makes tasks more difficult in unnecessary places. Quiz questions also a very general, most of them doesn't require any thinking, just good memory. Still, I think this is a one of the best specializations. But as for course complexity level you should be closer to J. Hinton level.
The ideas contained in this course are exceptional, and the delivery is also generally pretty good. I believe that because this is the beta delivery, there are a number of issues in the videos that are mostly minor annoyances (edits that lead to repeated portions of video, "first tries" being left in, and so on). Furthermore, I found the lab portions to be overly scaffolded. After this course and others, I have definitely learned many fundamentals of the topic, but there are steps in the implementation that I'm fully convinced I couldn't do on my own. Things like loading data, chopping up previously learned networks, and reformatting image data to be fed into a networks (to name a few) would stymie my efforts to train even a basic network. I understand that this was done in service of getting to the actual content, but the assignment that contained the IoU implementation and Yolo left me no more able to code Yolo than when I started. I feel that less of the code should be provided but copious hints offered. Alternatively, very little code given, but more leniency in the fora for students to share code ideas that they come up with. Despite these misgivings, I eagerly await the RNN course!
Very good overview of convolutional neural networks. I especially liked the first weeks videos that explained the core concepts. It was interesting to then take these core concepts and show how they have been improved upon by adding batch norms, pooling layers and residual connections. Definitely the course to check out if you want to know the evolution of neural nets applied to image net. The YOLO algorithm is also covered for those interested in object recognition with bounding boxes, with the use case being self driving cars. Neural style transfer was interesting, though it's basically unusable on coursera due to lack of compute - get your own gpu for this I think.Cons:A lot of the videos had cutting issues so Andrew would appear to repeat himself - often with slightly different phrasing - annoying. I felt the assignments had less control as the coursera platform is not really designed for the workload required for neural networks. Lost connection to the jupyter notebooks a lot! Uses tensorflow which apparently isn't quite as good these days for research, though apparently is good in production environments?
Andrew Ng is, as usual, a fantastic teacher. The quality of the content is stellar, like in the other courses in this series. However, after going through a few of these courses, I'm starting to resent the low production quality. The subtitles/transcripts are full of mistakes, to the point where they sometimes go for long stretches without a sentence that's transcribed correctly. Frustratingly, it feels like it would take just a quick pass by a human to fix their most glaring mistakes. (It's surprising how many ways a computer transcription system can misunderstand the term "ConvNets"). The end-of-week exercises are generally very good, but also plagued by annoying problemsinsufficient tests that let mistakes slip through, a few exercises that assume knowledge that hasn't been presented adequately, and so forth.All in all, this is another essential course from Andre Ng. However, it needs a few days of work to smooth out the rough edges.
Study materials good , have some errors but course is unique , programing assignment needs to be updated , great content , learned a lot about convolutions , stride , padding , max pooling , filters , channels , image recognition , face detection , NTS , and not to forget YOLO  which (I  would always thought how it happens) Glad now I am able to see and elaborate underlying concept of all above and let others learn tooSadly 2 downsides are :  1. Forum is mostly dead , I tried to ask 14 question and got only answered one , mentors not responding to question , one should always clarify even a single doubt , but not in case , so go for course if you have self pace and understanding , for me mentoring not worked , I had to google it !2. Code needs to be updated for tensorflow 2.0 and up  rather than tensorflow1 as company uses and requires tf 2.0 which have keras inbuilt implementedSo giving 4 stars
As usual, Andrew Ng presents concepts clearly and the homework assignments effectively reinforce those concepts.Typically the biggest downside to these courses is the slightly clunky Coursera website and platform. However, in this case, the course content itself seems to have been slapped together in order to meet a promised deadline. The video edits are especially telling, with repeated segments (or, "do overs") where the repeated segment provides a correction to a botched segment, but then this botched segment is inexplicably left in the final video.Still, Andrew Ng's courses are popular for a reason. His knowledge is unimpeachable, his ability to present concepts clearly, and importantly his friendly delivery makes him a charismatic figure. I've benefited from 5 of his courses to date and would likely enroll in any of his future offerings.
I wish those courses were available two years ago. A lot of useful information about convolutional networks, how they work and how they could be applied to real problems. I highly recommend this course for anyone interested in artificial intelligence and deep learning. The strong side of this course is that material is presented in clear and understandable form.Course is new so you should expect some mistakes here and there. They will be ironed out with a time.Practical tasks are really good. You get a possibility to use numpy, tensorflow and keras. However there is too much of emphasis on how to run tensorflow graphs (building graphs was not a problem, running them was), which requires a very specific knowledge and takes quite a lot of time searching for info.Overall evaluation of this course is very good and I do recommend it.
While I though the last two courses of this specialization were a bit lackluster, this one was absolutely fantastic again. Definitely the best one of this specialization so far. The content was very in-depth and challenging in a very positive way.Sadly, I'll have to subtract one star due to the grader of programming assignments not working well. Having to read through the discussion boards all the time to find workarounds for common bugs and grader issues, and then still have it fail because the grader is apparently down right now... didn't have too much fun with that. Some Jupyter Notebooks were already updated to a 3rd version since the few weeks of this courses release but would still not work correctly. For the course on Sequence Models, please ensure a higher quality of programming assignments at release!
This course is really well thought and executed,all the recent algorithms that are being used in the industry are taught but this course in not for beginners i.e who are new to this domain without having any previous knowledge about tensors.I had a really hard time understanding the 'axis' part of most of the concepts as they are not really pointed out by the instructor and a vague idea is given about them in the assignment.There were few arts in the assignment where the cells were pre coded by the instructor and i couldnt understand whats happening in the cell so i just executed it and switched to the part where i had to code.It would have been better if little bit more information was given whats happening in that cell.Overall excellent course but few flaws like any other online course.
This course is very informative and helpful as was the other courses. What I found missing was after doing this course, i know what the individual modules/functions are doing but I am still pretty much confused in the full implementation of the different algorithms with CNNs. More focus can be given to students to let them code the whole system rather than just letting them implementing small parts. More infromative instructions could be added with the whole implementation but let the students code the whole system. It will retain in the student's memory for more time. and gives a broader view of the working implementation of the system. Finally, I am grateful to Prof. Andrew Ng and coursera to allow me to learn through this course with Financial Aid. Keep up the AWESOME work. :)
Of the courses in this specialisation, this was both the most interesting and the most challenging to date. There were positive and negative aspects to this. I found myself needing to look beyond the provided source material in order to fully understand what was going on, and whilst undertaking and submitting the assignments,  spent almost as much time getting frustrated by issues with the grader as much as solving the problem at hand. The a number of the videos also seem to contain some editing issues (in terms of repeating the same small fragments twice, either that or the video player has an issue).  However, I've been excited to learn about conv nets and their amazing applications and look forward to putting the learning into practise at some point in the near future.
Proud to have mastered this course. Great material, great teacher, challenging programming assignments and quizzes. Thank you!Some optimisation ideas: There are quite many lectures without downloadable slides. In programming assignment 2 the links to www.tensorflow.org do not work. The Keras tutorial contains a misspelled loss function 'binary_cross_entropy'. Programming assignment 'Art Generation with Neural Style Transfer' does not provide a submit button. According to the discussion forums many of these weaknesses were reported three or so years ago but the weaknesses still exist today. This is a pity as it creates the impression that there is no understanding of the importance to perform good practise maintenance on the published material.
Good content, worth the money even considering the not so "fair" subscription policy and switching sessions, but as it's for profit business, it is understandable. W4 face recognition assignment is very buggy, also the whole website seems to be really slow in general. What's even worse is that many people complained about it for months yet neither Coursera nor teaching stuff from Stanford did anything to fix it. Making unfinished product and not fixing the bugs in such long period of time doesn't reflect well on Prof. Andrew Ng, since after all he is co-founder of the platform. Regardless of that I'm still very grateful to him and the stuff from Stanford for the high quality of the material presented here and for so many great exercises.
The course is wonderful and explains almost every thing very eloquently.However, the course should mention Tensorflow and Keras as prerequisites for the course since they are heavily used in the assignments. Although there has been an effort to explain how tensorflow works, not enough details and not enough time was provided to get a good grasp of tensorflow and keras. So a beginner in tensorflow and keras will find it hard to stomach the essence of how to code these systems even if she completes the assignments with ease.A small course on just tensorflow and keras may be introduced in the specialization before this course. That would greatly increase the efficacy of this course and will also make the course more interesting.
Course contents (5/5), -0.5/5 because I thought there are alot of information, and it needs a wrap up at the end of each weak, some information like how exactly the back propagation of Convolutional Neural Networks is performed was not clearly mentioned, even if it is not vital, having a bigger picture always works for me, the other -1/5 is for: I thought that this course's programming assigments are organized in the best way, sometimes giving more than necessary hints, and sometimes giving less than necessary, also the Kernel sometimes hangs and this wasted for me alot of time, after all I want to say thank you for the effort that you have done for the course specially Prof.Andrew, I really am learning alot thanks to you
A great course as expected. I give many credits to the creators of this course for all the contents and so clear teaching!In terms of coursera, I was almost shocked when I tried everything but found that all my submissions were gone, just gone to nowhere! Looking at all "NONE" symbols and recalling many hours I spent to figure out the right way to make them work, I felt so frustrated. FYI I finished the course just half a month ago and I wanted to download my submission for me to review after my subscription is due the end of this month. To avoid the tragedy happened to me, please remember to download your submission before you decide to submit! Hope no others will have to bear this any longer.
Definitely helps focus your interest.I'm sure many people take this course and absolutely love it.  I didn't have that experience.  Don't get me wrong, it's thorough, taught by an expert who, by the time you get to this course you'll trust unconditionally, and there's plenty of guidance from people who've taken the course before.   I'm sure you won't run into any problem that someone else hasn't had before.  Anyway, I did get something valuable from the course.   I learned I have absolutely no interest in computer vision / image recognition.  That made it very difficult to persevere and finish 4 weeks of this stuff, but it is a valuable insight and it lets me continue to course 5.
The course is great for the price but it's showing it's age and there are NO official mentoring resources. For a paid course, this is not correct. I had some really frustrating problems that I was able to figure out after going through the forums, but it would be really great if there was this feeling that someone from the course team periodically checks the forums or keeps updating the FAQS or frequent problem threads.Still, I think this is a great course and a bargain given the price. it cleared so many concepts related to conv nets, and it was one of the more difficult courses so far! I'm glad I stuck with it and was able to finish it on my own with help from forum posts etc.
Well, I think the course overall is great, though I already know about the first 2 weeks information. However, the assignment of lateral two weeks is not throughly delivered in my perspective. For example, I can hardly believe that I mastered the YOLO method just by implement the predicting part without have a really hands on how the weights is getting trained.Another thing I found it unsatisfied will be in the last three assignment we all use transfer learning ,but there is no guide about how we can implement transfer learning.Oh, the last assignment of face recognition have a serious bug inside, in order to get it pass I have to upload one wrong snippet....
Good course again from Andrew Ng that really makes it easier to understand the concepts of convolutional neural networks. Andrew explains everything in a very explicit way, that really helps penetrating the mathematical notations that describe these methods. The only negative feedback I would say is that the solutions to the programming exercises are a little too easy because the solutions are spoon fed to you a little bit too much. I am sure that this is done in order to avoid people getting frustrated and quitting the course, however it is doing the learner a disservice since overcoming those frustrating problems often are what you really learn from.
I think this course is fantastic - given you come equipped with the right expectation and prerequisites. I'm new to python programming and this was definitely a step up compared to the previous courses in this certification. I have a solid background in all things matrices - so the endless discussions of dimensions did not really help me that much, but I can see how they would really help others. IMO at the end of this course, I'm not automatically equipped to build my own ConvNet, but I would definitely know where to start, and how to learn (read the right papers, get the right code off github, start from there...) if I wanted to set out to do so.
great course from andrew ng, though i would like the programming assignments to be a bit more  <<hardcore>>. i mean to do the whole work from scratch and not just load some huge models, though i get it, to train those huge nets the students would need a lot of time waiting. Still some modules i got my hands on, in some utils.py files, were  really interesting and i think it would be really educative to write some code on them too.As a suggestion i would say since python is used the videos should focus a bit moew on the libraries, at least on the really important stuff like import pandas. overally, great course! i recommend it, without any doubt.!
The content is amazing and very informative. The content is clearly explained and I particularly liked the references for each paper in order to get a more thorough understanding of the models in the lecture.On the other hand, the video editing needs some taking care of since professor Ng is often heard repeating the same sentence which is often confusing. Also the weekly programming exercises, excluding the first week, are far too easy and require mostly copying and pasting.As a matter of personal preference I would also prefer if we used the same library for all assignments rather than having to alternate between Keras and Tensorflow
Thanks for putting together this great course. I just finished the course and my initial review of this is that it was more exhausting than the previous courses. The Course is well defined and helped me understand how CNN is used and what are some of the problems that can be addressed through CNN. However, there were moments during the exercise where I found applying the concepts challenging. I may have to relearn, apply and  practise more on my own to get to really understand more of this. However, this course has given me a great start on how I can address some of the issues and how this part of deep learning is applied. Thank you.
Andrew has a very good video-lecture style.  The programming exercises can be a bit frustrating at times for the wrong reasons, but at this point the course has been available long enough that you should be able to find a thread in the Discussion forum that provides enough hints to resolve any issue you might encounter. Nonetheless I appreciate the effort that went into designing the programming assignments.As others have noted the video editing is surprisingly poor, with brief clips that should have been cut scattered throughout, but ultimately it doesn't detract from one's ability to absorb the content, so not a huge deal.
The material presented in the class is very interesting and useful.  The explanations are clear and the examples are good, especially teaching us to use transfer learning based on pretrained models. The programming was very helpful.I couldn't give a 5 though, because I spent so much time on the programming assignments due to errors in the assignments, the grader and the hints.  Additionally  the mentors need to monitor the discussions in the week's section.  Some students' comments were helpful, but others were wrong and completely off the rails.  Some mentor feedback would really have helped all of us.
Absolutely great content - many important computer vision papers discussed in an approachable way that highlights differences in approach.However, the Nov 2017 version of the course suffered from at least two grader errors: in once instance requiring literal following of instructions that would lead to an implementation that is faulty under real world conditions or a broader test set, in another instance deviating from the given instructions in a rather random if minor way. Hopefully these will be addressed in a later session - if not, be prepared for a bit of forum reading and trial and error to pass.
There were some problems to get the graded functions through the grader, although they were actually correct. Having the grading system a bit more flexible would save everybody's time.I didn't understand all the operations we did in tensorflow in the neural style transfer programming assignment. How did we choose the arguments for the "assign" function calls? How did we tell tensorflow to minimize the total cost by modifying the input image, not the weights/biases of the model as it happened normally? Although the theory seemed to be clear, I didn't really get how we did it with tensorflow.
I think the assignments for this course could be structured to help students learn better. Specifically, I think there was not enough instructions on the difference between Keras backend and tensorflow. This was confusing at the beginning. Also, I think the codes snippets that are left as None sometimes help too much that there is not much thinking required, so I found that it becomes a lot harder to think what line of code is needed when there is not as much instructions. But all in all, I rate the assignments very highly and these are some of the ways that I think can improve the course.
Very informational course and the pace is reasonably challenging. Knowledge learned in this course are super practical and can be directly applicable in many areas. The Keras curriculum is especially welcoming. Do take note that course 2 and TensorFlow are sort of hard requirements to be successful in this course. I did course 1 and this course together, and it turned to be not the best choice.Also, the risk of taking a new course is there were definitely several technical glitches which resulted in more troubleshooting than necessary. I believe this would be better with iterations.
Good introductory course for ConvNet and its trending applications such as object detection and facial recognition. Materials are presented to give students more of an intuition and process to carry out ConvNet applications rather than a rigorous mathematical understanding. Basic TensorFlow knowledge is highly recommended or one may face difficulties or confusion during assignments. I personally would like the course materials to have more depth, so to really nail in every step in building a ConvNet application (since as of now the content can be surface-deep and easy to forget).
The course instructor did a good job in presenting the basics of CNN and some of its applications in the domain of computer vision. The applications presented are 1) Image classification 2) Object detection and 3) Neural style transfer. As a researcher myself, what I most appreciate is that the instructor presented the topics to sufficient depths enabling the reader to appreciate the underlying theory and at the same time keeping it high-level. For those who would like to go more in depth, the relevant citations are presented in the lectures. Overall a very satisfying course.
Great content! Andrew really makes the concepts crystal clear. The lectures are very coherent and extremely organized, in terms of the actual contents. I've took MOOC in CNN before, and personally felt that Andrew's version is the best. I took one star off for two reasons: 1) Sometimes Andrew would say half of the sentence and then start over -- it seems to me that those were to be taken off during editing of the video, but they are not -- hopefully they'd get fixed at some point; 2) It would be nice to upgrade the code to TF2, as TF1 has become less popular for a reason.
The content is really great. It is giving very good overview on the state of the art, and how convolutional neural networks can be useful. I think it is hard to get such a great overview in current deep learning books that usually focus on more theoretical aspects, which are covered in this course. The only negative point I would say is that is it not always easy to understand how to use some very specific python tools, and one can easily get stuck into implementing a single line of code. However, the discussion forum provides great resources to solve these issues.
Excellent content but platform was frustrating at times. The exercises still use TensorFlow 1.2.1, which created some aggravation because newer versions have rearranged many functions into tf.math.xxx, etc., so the documentation "hints" give answers that don't match what is needed for the exercises. Also, the grader is maddeningly finicky, giving no points for code that is in fact correct. It's like playing "Simon Says".  It seems that a decent chunk of the required effort consists of scouring through the discussion forums for workarounds to these glitches.
This course gives a comprehensive introduction to CNN. However, I am not satisfied with the exercises designed for this course. In each assignment, you are only required to fill in a few blank spaces, leaving a lot of important parts as black boxes. Please make the assignments more like complete projects. I know it will take people much more time to complete and may turn some people away. But it is crucial to give a complete picture of each programming exercise assigned. Anyway, I still want to thank Andrew and your team for offering this series of courses.
The material was very interesting and the technologies introduced were very good. The only problem is that unlike the previous 3 courses, this one seems to have been done in a rush.The video aren't edited that well. (there's weird sentence repetitions, and the coding parts are sometimes bugged up, very very hard to get to the right answer, and had a few typos. Hopefully those little bugs will go away, but overall it was an informative course. Some of the topics were so interesting, I felt like they would entertain an audience uninterested in deep learning,
Positives:1) Well designed course that takes you through the concepts of CNNs step by step and introduces cutting edge state-of-art applications based on it.2) As always well prepared lectures effectively deliver the course material.Negatives:1) Course lectures should have covered overviews of actual models used in assignments (YOLO for object detection, Inception network for face recognition..)  and the actual cost functions that were used to train them. That would have helped a lot in getting more practical real life feel helping user community a lot.
The content is great. The best so far in the DL specialization perhaps but I lost a lot of time in the last week's assignment where the grader was prompting wrong output in spite having written a program that gave the correct output. That was very frustrating and the worst part is I still don't understand why that was happening(I got full score after submitting the same program for the 10th time) and even jupyter notebook took ages to load(my net speed is 140MBPS). Apart from this, it was a really nice course and the experience was very satisfying.
Like the others, a fantastic course. Some of the videos and exercises seem a little underprepared, and require more time examining the discussion forums than the first three courses. For example the NST tutorial appears to require using np.square rather than tf.square to obtain expected results. This is not documented, and obtaining other results may result in passing, but it is unclear the ConvNet is working as it should. However the course covers current and quite advanced topics extremely clearly, and includes great links to original papers.
The content is superb, but the realisation of the course seems a bit rushed in comparison to the previous courses in the specialisation. The editing of the videos has many issues (fragments that were meant to be cut out are left in the lectures), there are many typos in the notebooks and the references for documentation are outdated. In one case the grader of the notebook has an unexpected mistake built in (it expects one rectangle area to have a negative value and gives a 0/10 grade when you try to prepare the code for such edge case).
Very good course. I only wish there were even more examples with harder homework. I did every homework in less than an hour and felt like I still couldn't reproduce much on my own after taking a class. The lectures are great and cover most of the material you need. But as programming assignments go, it is still a very introductory class and you are definitely not ready to write much on your own afterwards. But I think they can improve a lot with a few more homework jupyter notebooks that are more advanced that their current ones.
Course provides good overview over state-of-the-art techniques in computer vision. The lectures are mostly clear although week 3 and 4 do lack some explanations on how these systems are trained. E.g. the style transfer lecture should emphasize that optimizer acts on the pixels of the generated input image using the without altering the weights of the network.  In terms of the programming exercises, I would prefer to work through the code to better understand the structure, rather than just filling in bits. Still a great course!
Great explanation of advanced topics in deep learning and computer vision. This course deepened my understanding of convolutional neural networks in significant ways. The videos could use a bit more editing to remove repeated phrases, but it didn't distract too much from the learning. The projects are very good at giving hands on experience with the concepts and the tools. It would be great if they could be updated for newer versions of Kera and Tensorflow. Overall, I would recommend this course to anyone interested in CNNs.
Excellent lectures with really engaging explanations and examples.  The programming exercises are also really well structured and require real work and understanding where code is required.  It is very exciting when you get the models to run and produce a result.  One concern:  My sense is that we are moving a little fast on the overall process of solving a problem.  That is, the programming exercises are so well structured that I am not confident that I could solve the problem without the exercise frameworks.
The course content in the video lectures is very good -- all the visual explanations and Andrew Ng explanation is easily understandable. But as far as assignments are concerned, many of the functions are readily implemented and just called for use. It would have been good if the student is guided in implementation from scratch. Though a top view understanding from theory to implementation is obtained with solving the assignments, it would have been more profound if everything could be implemented from scratch.
The material in the course is very good, specially the notebook exercises.There are some technical aspects that prevent me from giving it 5 stars. Namely, the english captions of the videos have too many mistakes, considering how easily they can be fixed. I don't see the point of having an extra 'Reading'material with corrections for the videos. Why not adjust the video once and for all? Finally, the number of clippings and strange cuts and jumps in the videos have increased with respect to previous courses.
Overall a very good course. Assignments have errors in the code. This is documented in the discussion centre going back a couple of years, mentors help explain, but mentors cannot edit to fix the code, and the course supervisors have long since disappeared. So you have to submit incorrect code to pass, then fix the code for your personal private code store - as the fixed code generates the correct numerical answers that unfortunately do not match the numerical answers that the grader requires to pass you!
Excellent survey of the area. However, programming exercises vary frustratingly between cut-and-paste and obscure tricks that require burrowing through the forum. Long-term value significantly reduced by the apparently intentional decision to not support efficient download of needed material. Unfortunately, Coursera's notebooks are also not stable, routinely resulting in lost work, followed by multiple tries to log back in. Love the content, but the rest of it seriously reduces productivity of study time.
The course material is very interesting, but also somewhat hard. It takes everything we learned in the previous 2 courses to the next level.This is a good thing! However, the programming exercises do not really require the student to understand much. In most of the exercises I copy pasted from the examples and used some trial and error. Contrary to the previous courses, I feel that the exercises were something I did to pass the course - and they didn't really help me understand the material better.
Overall, this course clearly explained the basics of CNNs. However, the neural style transfer network could use more details. For example, after calculating the loss function which layers are updated in the network? Is it all of them or only the ones used to find the style image. Also, 'a_G' not being evaluated in the assignment wasn't clearly explained. Lastly, please have a couple of more assignments on tensorflow. I've done the earlier courses but they don't give enough of an understanding.
As usual, very informative and challenging at times. Andrew does a great job of introducing complex topics. I find that some of the quiz questions are ambiguous and result in the reader selecting the wrong answer. The hands-on assignments are generally of the right level, although a longer introduction to Tensor Flow would be useful. The delayed execution nature of TF can be confusing at times and it is not always clear whether the formula should be using TF functions or Numpy functions.
I think the programming assignments were really good in hand holding and making students learn. As part of the course, I wish there is a open ended project to achieve an accuracy of X% on a given dataset. This could help challenge students to have some comprehensive(whole model building) experience.  I understand that this increases the course completion time as a trade off. But I think an open ended project with a predefined dataset would have added well rounded value to students.
Awesome course - a lot of material and complexity covered with good examples and assignments to understand the range of architectures of CNNs and their applications. Really enjoyed learning.. But working on programming assignments was frustrating given the grader shenanigans.. Coursera service on this is not great and sometimes tips from Mentors didn't really help. Greater attention must be paid to ensure that learners have a consistent experience with programming assignments.
Another great course in the series. The later labs were difficult, some additional time in the videos on TensorFlow concepts would be helpful, hit some frustrating points in the weeks 3 and 4 labs. Also helps to have background with linear algebra (or it's a tough intro and notice to study up on the stuff!) Overall another awesome survey of the state of the art, lots of practical advice along the way, the links and discussions to the underlying papers were great.
One of the most clear convolution explanations ever! Loved the mostly recent algos discussed, too bad all important papers don't have breakdowns like that!Negative:-Video editing has gotten worse in later courses, lots of areas where Andrew clearly thought he would be edited so he repeated himself-Quiz feedback is non-existent. There should be blurbs explaining why answers are right and wrong, instead of just saying it is wrong or right with no supplemental text
Nice lectures and exercises. Unfortunately, although there are some problems with some expected results: 1/ Face Recognition: The Grading Process has some bugs, issues if TipleLoss function2/ StyleTransfer: model_nn fonction give wrong "expected value" by using indication to define cost. It seems like the problem come from tf.square that not gives the same results as np.square (correct value)Please fix these issues, then then lecture will be perfect.Thank you
Prof. Ng is a very good teacher and the course is content-rich and well organized, but there are two things that could be improved. First, there are many hesitations and reformulations that could be removed from the videos. Second, and most importantly, the assignments are a bit too easy. The answers are almost given in the questions, and if you know how to translate equations in Python you can manage to pass without really understanding what you're doing.
I think I learnt the most from this course compared to the other deep learning courses. The material was well presented and the labs were also very hands-on and had enough to help understand how to implement real world problems. There was an issue with the last assignment where the code which matched the output failed the grader (triple_loss) which I think should be looked into.Many thanks Andrew Ng and his team for another very well organised course.
excellent course, great lectures and interesting excercises - the only dowside is the non-existent difficulty of the quizes / prog assignments, you should pump it up a bit (if the students are forced to think through the algorithms they better understand them, in the current state everything is prepared, you just have to fill in some tiny details - you don't even have to understand what you are doing to net a full score, which is really sad)
The course is really of amazing quality. The only reason I am giving only 4/5 is because there several slide pack not available for some video, and coursera/instructor could have made it easier for the student to follow along with a proper slide pack and taking note. Instead we have download 2-3 slides per video, concatenante them all, or even take screenshots when slides are note provided. Appart from that bmol, that course is gold.
Great explanatory course about the idea of convolutions.Theory is extremely fine as always! Esp nice to hear about one-shot learning technique and triplet-loss "family" For the practical things, i'd like to say that it was ~ 3/5. Valuable example would be an assignment of week 4 about making a neural style transfer. Although i passed all 4 graded functions, i ended up with non-working neural net. I mean a lot was uncovered with grader
I really enjoyed learning and certainly appreciate the effort that went into this.  The only thing that I would change would be the addition of exercises to help reinforce the TensorFlow/Keras programming pieces.  For example, I found it confusing to understand the execution of some of the more complex graphs.  I do believer that deeplearning.ai has a new series out focusing on TensorFlow implementations, so this may not be an issue.
It was superbly full of information i was not privy to before now. Convolution as an operation and it's uses are now obviously apparent to me. It could do with a bit more transparency in the code as sometimes I would personally like to experiment on my own but helper functions which i used in the course are not immediately available to me. My most helpful course so far, it gave me the confidence to attempt my first kaggle competition
The course is a great introduction to convolutional neural networks and makes the subject tractable. At the same time, it is in no way a "deep dive". The assignments could be a little better, requiring more from the student. Also, the videos are not edited, so I often heard Andrew's errors while recording when I was watching. The non-editing part is why I cannot give this course a 5-star review. But rest assured it is a great course
From the theoretical point of view it is a very instructive course. What did not convince me very much is the way in which the programming exercises are proposed: there are some passages that are really hard to understand for a person who has never used TensorFlow (like me, even if I passed all the previous courses of deeplearning.ai) so I would prefer some more hints on the sintax and how to use certain functions of this framework.
An exceptional course with a great deal of useful architectures and design ideas. Before this course, I had no idea what residual and inception networks are, however, the course gave me a relatively-deep look inside these networks. 1X1 convolution (network in network), convolutional implementation of sliding window and lots more are used efficiently. Face recognition and verification is one of the lovely topics that was covered.
I enjoy the content and assignments. Andrew is a great teacher. My one complaint is with the assignment notebooks. I find them very glitchy. On the final happy house assignment, I think I spent more time trying to load and reload the notebook (when I get the "method not allowed" warning) than actually finishing the assignment. And I often had to copy my solutions into a text editor so that I would't lose them on the reloads.
A  very good course overall and i learnt lots.. But I felt there were too many details to be covered and hence lots of it was not presented in enough depth.. this would lead to a bit of confusion at times- at some places, i would find myself getting a bit lost on how this happened or where this came from., or what the outcome of such operation/convolution would look like in high dimensions or a different scenario..etc...
I generally liked the course very well. However, one could tell that this was the first time the course was given as there were a couple of bugs in the programming-assignments. These were often not easy to understand, not least because the grader-feedback was usually not very helpful. I expect that these bugs are fixed in the next iteration of the class in which case I would give 5 stars. As always very insightful and en
Great teacher and material. Sadly it seems like that team is rushing the later parts of the course and it has quite a few errors and issues. The issues in the programming assignments are specially aggravating since they are intended to validate the knowledge acquired and it's frustrating to have to resort to trial and error to fiend the solution that the grader likes and not the solution that is appropriate or correct.
Everything else is perfect, except the W3 assignment submission took me 3 extra hours to be correctly graded (my results match the expected results, and I didn't violate any rule that FAQ mentioned, but grader just gives 0. I read through the forum threads, tried all approaches, and finally get it passed after having Coursera helpdesk load a fresh notebook for me and type in all over again, a little bit frustrating).
Very interesting and well structured course. Great lectures and content. Only critics: The actual tasks to be computed/coded in the assignments did not include the "interesting"-ML issues. A lot of linear algebra coding was asked for (i.e. compute loss-function several-times), but which did not help me to understand the underlying ML / CNN principles. A little bit more effort could be done there! Thx for the course!
Very interesting course , not as the same level of the first two courses BUT it is an excellent resource to get in the Deep learning world. I did not like that they don't teach you how to use tensorflow and keras in a more concise way. And sometimes the content doesn't seem as usefull as the first two courses and more in the deep learning world where computer vision techniques become obsolete so fast... solid 3.75/5
This course was perfect! I finally understood convolutional neural networks and its popular architectures. Implementing CNNs in numpy was a useful exercise as well. Andrew once again proves to be the best teacher of ML. The reason for four and not five stars is the number of technical glitches throughout the course especially in the final programming assignment. I'm sure they can be improved upon for future classes.
The material is meaningful and instructive.I did well in a capstone project of image recognition in school with the knowledge from the whole specialization (especially skills on Conv-net in this course).However, it would be better if we could have access to more computational power and really play with large data set and complicated algorithms instead of just doing simple maths and loading models to see the result.
A very complete and diverse course with several applications of deep networks. Only problem was the assignments which had a lot of problems in the grader, and created a lot of frustration and lost time figuring out where the problems were. Otherwise it would have undoubtedly been a 5 star course :-)Keep up the amazing work you're doing, especially for Course 5 where I have great expectations!CheersAntnio
Great course to understand the fundamentals of CNNs and various CNN architectures currently used in the field. Would have liked to get a little better implementation wise by doing this course in terms of some architectures, but probably it will take a lot of time and is infeasible in the course. All in all, this is a great course to learn some of the best techniques in Deep Learning for Computer Vision.
The course material is very good by itself, but the issues with programming assignments spoiled the overall impression. Discussion forums are full of messages about people struggling with the grader or with functions provided by the course and no assistance from teaching staff. You should pay more attention to supporting one of the top courses on Coursera.Aside from that - Andrew was great as usual :)
The content is interesting, practical and relevant to anyone interested in how CNNs are used in computer vision. Unfortunately, the course materials still have a couple of bugs such as videos that aren't edited well and buggy programming assignments. Luckily, the Discussion Forums offer hints on how to resolve these issues, but I'd expect the course creators to address these ongoing issues faster.
I think the course videos and lectures are awesome and very informative. But the quizzes and programming exercises are very simple and not involving enough. I think the instructors have to make it a little more rigorous to challenge students as they prepare for the real-world tasks. In my opinion the hand-holding is great but the instructors should have students code for some simple dataset.
It's a really great course covering important concepts in CNN such as residual network, face recognition, neural style transfer and other very captivating topics. The only complaints I have about this course is that the programming assignments are a little too simple, most of it is already done and we are only required to do a very small part. I would have enjoyed more challenging homework.
Course is good.  Much thanks for Angrew Ng, to explaining CNN in simpler way.  However, the practical assignments are not properly configured to load.  In Week2 & Week4 the practical assignments did not load properly.  Hence it took longer time for me.Also, couple functions' expected output and my implementation output did not match however, I got the full score.  This again misleads us.
The lectures are what you would expect from Andrew Ng. Excellent.  Some of the assignments make unreasonable jumps in expectations regarding understanding of TensorFlow and Keras operations. An overview of exactly what is being used would be helpful as some of it is very nonintuitive.Additionally, some of the assignments have known grading issues. Be sure to check the discussions.
Overall the course is solid and covers many important topics ranging in complexity from simple to advanced and state of the art (NST). However, Videos are sometimes not properly edited. There is repetition of dialogue. Also, I think practice questions can be made a bit more challenging. I also noticed that in this course there aren't any explanations for right or wrong answers.
Excellent lecture content.Some of the programming assignments are quite poor. Sometimes there are minor mistakes in function descriptions, and other times the whole assignment architecture/plan is not well thought out. If the staff doesn't have resources to improve this, then allow the community to create branches and submit merge requests :)Overall, I'm happy with this course.
The Course is more than great, learning about using ConvNets in different problems and applications was very interesting and useful. The only drawback is that the code in assignments is built on TensorFlow 1.x which is outdated and even some links to TensorFlow or Keras documentations are note working, I'm sure this code will get upgraded soon. Thanks Andrew and all the staff.
Andrew NG explains CNN fundamentals really well in this course. I liked the use-case based teaching. Also, the assignments were at par with the lectures. I faced a couple of issues in Face recognition assignment of Week 4. The team should look into that. Looking at Discussion forums helped me in moving past those issues. A big shout out to people actively participating there.
Learned a lot. Theoretically, course is must-to-do, most of the code is done so please do not expect that you'll be a king in Tensorflow and CNN. However, you will be able to implement things in real-time and yes coding you can learn anytime at your own pace. Also, the projects that were implemented in the exercises are not something that can be done alone (at least for me).
Initial introduction of convolutional neural networks was very thorough, with week one even addressing back propagation along convolutional neural networks via the programming exercise. Later weeks showed interesting ways in which the theory of convolutional neural networks has been applied, although some independent research has to be to supplement learning in the course.
Good course with very relevant and practical content.  Since it was the first time this course was offered, a few bugs in the assignments notebooks.  While you don't need to be a guru in vector algebra to complete this course, I would appreciate a little more focus on the rationale for using  'Axis = True', for example or 'Keep Dims = ???.   thanks for a great course.
This course really tied all of the previous ones together, giving the student a more holistic understanding of deep learning and neural networks. However, the instructions for these assignments were the least clear of all the assignments so far and often, trying to decipher what the steps were asking for deterred from the otherwise incredibly helpful experience.
A lot of nice information and specific examples of recent state of the art networks for various applications. Some of the programming assignments were great, using both Keras and Tensorflow! A few of the assignments were a bit unrelated, i.e. required implementing mostly a couple of trivial functions not particularly related to machine learning or deep learning.
The material was interesting and very clear (like previous courses in this specialisation)However I believe using Keras and TF here without sufficient background created some frustration till I was able to gradually understand the concepts there. The lectures (and theoretical background) were very clear, but the programming assignments were a little too simple.
Excellent content!The programming exercises are expertly designed. They have very meticulously designed them order to help students, who are a little less familiar with programming, complete functions that do complicated tasks.The videos could use some editing because *a lot* of the stuff that's in them is repetitive because of Mr. Ng correcting his statements.
This is great course for convolution neural networks . i really learnt a lot but the only thing which resist me to give five stars is i wanted to learn a more accurate face recognition system and to also be able to build an object detection model for my own projects through transfer learning i mean this should have been taught in the programming assignments.
Content was very good. You will get a good understanding about convolutional networks. Also good place to learn some basics of tensorflow and a little more about Keras. Some minuses: Home assignments where easy and you could do them without thinking much. Main frustration was due to having to reopen jupiter because it died very often. Hope they will fix this
There are some issues with the scoring of the programming assignments (I lost hours on the iou function and eventually realised I had to submit an incorrect formulation to pass, and the same thing happened on the triplet_loss function.) Other than these issues, which seem minor (and are) but cost me so much time and effort I would have given 5 out of 5.
The course as such is excellent, but quality of material is not on that level. In the videos Andrew is sometimes repeating himself (final cut of video is missing). Programming assignment for Face Recognition has two bugs, weights can only be loaded with a hack from forum thread and expected output of triplet_loss is not matching grader expected results.
The content is generally great and well worth it. I wish they would fix 
some of the errors, especially in ungraded exercises. You end up wasting
 a lot of time because of them. Perhaps the most frustrating aspect is 
navigating to the Jupyter notebooks. I wish the links to the notebooks 
were on the same pages as the Submission and Discussion links.
I liked the course and the topics were discussed and learned. I gain much more algorithms and tools for various ML topics.However, I am still missing the tools to start a problem from scratch - i.e. gathering data, arranging the data, building the proper data/structure for the algorithm. In the course, all the time, we get a well cooked datasets...
The lectures were outstanding for understanding the theory but the programming assignments had almost everything pre implemented. I understand that these algorithms require a very long implementation but that just made the programming assignment as just filling the blanks and didn't make me capable of writing code for these algorithms on my own.
I would very much like to give 5 stars, but because there are mistakes in the quizzes as well was in the assignments which are not corrected, I must decrease this rating by one star. I don't find it very appealing that I must find answers for quiz bugs from the discussion board.So please, update the material whenever mistakes and bugs are found.
Course is amazing, teaches you a lot for ConvNets, image recognition, verification, building simple models in a couple of minutes, and refining them. The only drawback is that there are errors here and there, but fortunately they are being addressed, so future learners might experience less problems. Even with this, it was a really nice course.
Absolutely fantastic course,I just loved it.....Only problem was to me in the face recognition topic.Training a siamese network need sharing base model with multiple inputs,which is important for training model with unconventional loss functions like triplet loss.And this  isn't covered in the course.If that is included in it would be awesome
Again an excellent course. Great insights in convolutional networks. The programming exercises should use ore recent TensorFlow version as the functions cannot always be found anymore in the documentation, making the tf exercises hard to make - and at a certain moment it becomes a bit trial and error instead of a result of logical thinking.
Very informative and helpful to understand the fundamentals.  The exercises could have been designed better to understand TensorFlow, while one or two more exercises for the framework could have helped improved understanding of the framework. Also, several exercises feel like being spoon-fed and do not add much to the knowledge about CNNs.
Nice Course and it covers lot of details about the current concepts in deep learning. A little more details into YOLO and NST which included how we can train them ourself instead of using a pretrained model would have been better.  A little more details about tensorflow and keras implementation of the algorithms could make it more helpful.
Overall a good course in understanding some of the concepts in the world of Detection of Images, Identifying them and building a fence around them to see what are their dimensions and how to ensure we dont fail to identify them and also identify humans which is becoming more and more prevalent in more and more countries across the world.
Week 3 of the course was a bit tough, well for two reasons. Firstly I thought the exercises had long explanations and too much detail which really needed much attention to retain the key information and be able to apply it. Secondly, I have been doing this non-stop for the last couple of weeks so at this stage i think I'm also exhausted.
Extremely interesting bit a bit too high level compared to the 3 previous ones. Convolutional Networks usage are well described but the technical implementation from scratch is incomplete which makes us dependent on tools such as tensorflow or keras. An additional video showing the maths behind the complete backprop would be a real plus.
Would have liked more explicit math, maybe as optional material, for some of the "you don't need to understand the math" parts. Also, there were some errors / inconsistencies in a couple lectures. (See the forums for more info.)Overall, though, a very good course - and much "meatier" than some of the ones that preceded it in this series.
The facial recognition and verification stuff was pretty cool and I'm glad it was included. I wish the python grader was implemented correctly and there were some technical difficulties with the Jupyter notebooks. The course opened later than expected which made me lose a month's worth of fees before a notice was finally sent out. :(
This course is amazing, but it just needs to be split up into a bigger number of weeks, have much more quizzes, like every 3 videos there's a quiz, but the problem is that you have to watch about 2 hours straight until you reach that quiz, it is hard to maintain your focus abilities in these circumstances. Overall rating? Amazing!
Awesome course ! I got to understand how some awesome applications like neural style transfer really work,  implement the resnet 50 which is state of the art and most important I learned how to know which feature of an image an individual neuron in a given layer actually learns ! Thank you all for the effort, you did a great job !
Liked first three weeks but not the fourth one. There are couple of reasons why I didn't like much 1) car detection totally failed when i tested with my images. Images were clear and with proper angle (as if taken from dashboard camera). 2) face recognition assignment wasted lots of time due to incorrect data and expected result!
It was a good course and Andrew did a fantastic job of explaining all the concepts in an accessible manner. I do wish he had gone more in depth about backpropagation and I also felt that the assignments towards the end were dumbed down and hence I don't really feel like I have as good a grasp on the topics as I would have liked.
I think there is an error in the assignment for neural style transfer.  My code was correct and was also graded correct, but one of the expected output - total cost was wrong.  Wasted a lot of time searching for the cause.  On the whole the course was still great.  Like Andrew's enthusiasm and lots of examples from the industry.
This course really gave feel of deep learning. The way Andrew Ng taught and content of course is preciously valuable. star less because the language Keras and Tensor Flow where I felt difficulty. You should provide language study material with examples. I hope you would implement it. It will help to work with language with ease.
The content of the lectures is great, introducing state-of-the-art solutions in a way everyone can understand. However the grader for the assignments needs fixing. Many times I had a correct solution, spent a lot of time trying to fix it only to discover via the discussion forum that an incorrect solution passes the grader ;/
A great introduction to convolutional networks. Highly recommended to learn about the cutting edge scale and depth. Minor suggestion: The Jupiter interface seems to be buggy on chrome (mac). Doing a save and check point can help relieve this problem (at least re-coding wont be needed). It would be nice if a fix is available.
Excellent videos and quizzes to learn or review CNN concepts.The notebooks however should be refresh using modern frameworks (Tensorflow2 or Pytorch). The explanations inside are great, but there are also too guided: more freedom should be given to implement methods with only rigid formats regarding submission evaluation.
Excellent as usual lectures from Anrdew Ng. But at some videos some key points are missed like Neuro Style transfer is transfer learning and we use pre-trained CNN. It would be good to have some data flow drawing. YOu get it later from exercise but not from video at once. Exersises are less accurate than previous courses.
The course does cover fair amounts of basics very well. But the course content just provides a starting point and I feel it lacks depth. The course assignments are nice and give a good platform to implement what was learned in that week but it was more of filling in the blanks rather than building a full-fledged system.
Feel this course's assignment is not quite heavy on why people build the CNN that way. But it tells how the thing is. I would like a "Future work" section to give some inception on the future of CNN and limitation in terms of image orientation, content, what the deep learning cannot solve right now for image based work.
A few small grader errors, and some implementation details were glossed over and not fully explained (had to look into the util code to fully understand what was going on), but otherwise a very good course, just not quite as polished as the first 3 (perhaps understandable given the increased complexity of the material).
Frustrated since in week 4 face recognition notebook, you need to put the "wrong" code there which did not match the given output to "cheat" the grader to get points. But overall, this one is the best in the first four courses in the Deep Learning Specialization. Looking forward to see the fifth course sequence models!
The only criticism I have is for week 3... I know YOLO algorithm is difficult to implement in a teaching environment, but still, I struggled a little bit to link all the pieces I need to get to object detection. I'll have to get back at the course contents on this one, but I believe it wasn't as clear as it could be.
The course was very good and offered a nice sample of the state-of-the-art CNN models. I would improve the explanations regarding TensorFlow. Understandably, exercises cannot ask you to train a model from scratch as it takes too long. But when reading already implemented TF code, it's hard to understand some steps.
The course offers some great insights into conv nets in a very easy to understand and concise format. The one thing that bothers me is that the programming assignments have a lot of stuff already coded and I get the impression that after doing them I don't manage to learn everything that was used in the notebooks.
The video/quizzes and practical assignments are outstanding.On this run of this course, the practical assignment grader had too many issues, which meant wasting time trying to "fix"  code that should have been graded as passing.The forums proved invaluable to see how other student got around the grader issues.
It was a very insightful course as it let me understand some of the most recent papers in computer vision. I would suggest to improve the programming exercises as I observed that the exercises were a little too simple and some graders had a few bugs resulting in them recognizing wrong answers as correct ones.
Great theoretical content of CNNs. However it would be better if there was a section on the practical implementation of these models. Eg: how to connect to GPUs to train a model, more on loading and saving models from some open source website, using a loaded model how to train it to recognize something else,
Other than the Face Recognition Assignment (grader problems) the Course was a very good experience. Also I would have really liked if some more instructions in video form were provided for programming frameworks. But still the information was almost adequate. Looking forward to try my own models now. Cheers!
Very good, Overall I learned a lot about convolutional network and the meaning of computer vision. The  downsides of this curse, was the first program assignment, and there were a lot o videos with errors, that got me back seeing all over again to understand what i was doing wrong in the program assignment.
The course content (and Andrew's teaching, of course) was very good, but I think there were times that the learner was suddenly dropped into deep TensorFlow / Keras waters without enough preparation / hints. If I hadn't had some prior TF / Keras experience, I don't know if I could have completed the course.
I didn't give 5 star as usual because I felt that the course materials and homework are less perfected than before. A few times I got stuck with homework and reviewing course videos again or reading the homework guidelines didn't help, so I need to go to the discuss forums to find out some of the nuances.
Good curse and Andrew is the best teacher for learning this topic. But there is not enough hands-on exercises.  After 3 courses at this specialization I still don't understand well enough how to implement convolutional neural networks in TensorFlow or Keras. Perhaps it's better for very beginner students
This is yet another splendid course on CNN by Andrew Ng, simplyfing the concepts of Convolutional Neural Networks to a newbie. The reason I'm not giving it a 5 star is because the I got stuck in a couple of instances in assignments and when I looked at the resolution, I felt it could've been avoided.
Keras should have been thought, and few functions were tough to crack , for example [:,:,:,c] for the cth filter . such stuff have taken a lot of time. Theoritically it was damn good. But faced little tough with programming assignments, but was good to brush up with challenging stuff like these.
The information and exercises contained in this course are great. However, there are a lot of video editing bugs that distracted me while I was watching. Many places have repeated phrases, where the instructor obviously meant to correct a previous statement, that were not properly edited out.
The course is an excellent introduction to convolutional neural networks. As always, in limited time, there is a trade off between depth and breadth. What content and assignments there were were excellent. Probably the only reason why I rated the course with 4/5 stars is that I wanted more.
This course touch many state of the art deep learning networks especially in image processing. The programming assignment is more challenging to me mainly because I am not that familiar with tensor flow, and higher number of dimension in this field requires more focus and concentration.
Overall it was a positive experience. I expected a little bit more by assignements and by hands-on work in general. I have passed all the grades, but I am still confused about the functioning of tensorflow and why sometimes the assignements stick to Keras while sometimes use tensorflow
Andrew Ng covers relevant and current topics on DeepLearning community, autonomous driving, face recognition and convolutional neural networks. Challenging assignments, and well-balanced quizzes.Could present the hyperlinks to DeepLearning whitepapers and articles as a course resource.
It is great to play with state-of-the-art neural network algorithms and architectures, but it is a shame that the programming assignments did not involve training/optimization, even on small datasets, or pretrained one (in the case of hyperparameters tuning).Otherwise, great course !
The lecture is very good, and provided the most recent development in this field. But the homework, most of time, I am searching the forum try to understand the tensor flow, also the errors from the grading system still exists from time to time. Overall, this is a very good course.
very intuitive and guided. encourages students not to be intimidated by research papers. promotes open-source software and learning weights. I would've given it 5 stars if it used the latest version of Tensorflow (it seems to be old since it is still not using the eager execution)
The 2nd coding assignment in this course has a bug, in triplet_cost, the expected output is the correct answer but when my answer matches it I cannot pass, the previous versions (v2) give wrong expected answer and in v3 in order to pass I have to match on that. Please correct it.
This course is awesome, just like the other course, but this course required more perseverance and more understanding and more hard work.Take this course should only be taken if you are thoroughly prepared for it. The previous 3  coursesare quite important for the course.
The course provides a good overview on the most famous techniques  for CNN. However, there are several errors in the assignments not solved yet that make you to loose a lot of time. Moreover, it is very hard to do the latter if you do not take all the courses in sequence.
The theory behind convolutional neural networks is very well explained in the video's. Also the programming assigments help you understand CNN a lot better. However, before this course you should have had a course in tensorflow / python. Because the exact syntax is hard.
very helpful and interesting! the only drawback in my opinion is that one who's not trained in using tensor flow can have hard times in figuring out what's happening and what should be done. I would say knowing TF it's a prerequirement to fully understand everything.
some duplication during the video, and some differences between the course work and the assignment  which makes it difficult.  Particularly struggled during coding phases as it assumed a greater level of python \ tensorflow skills than outlined in the pre-requisites
This course was definitely harder than the ones before it in this specialization so I know I will need to review this a few times more.  But overall, a great intro and insight into how this very sophisticated image recognition and generation scenarios work. Thanks!
Some things seemed a bit unfinished, some of the videos weren't edited properly. On several occasions Andrew said the same thing over again, like a retake. The code was also somewhat buggy, but it seems they're on it.The course in itself and it's content is great!
Great course on the theory side - well explained.Programming side is not trivial unless you have in depth relevant experience in these types of apps. Programming support if very weak (unrealistic) - but there are treasures in the forum (good search capabilities).
Another great course by Andrew Ng. There are quite a few bits in the video that were clearly meant to be edited out, and also some quiz and homework grading have errors. But nothing can be perfect, and I really don't know any other places to learn Neronet online.
Its one of the tough course of this specialisation. Algorithms will not be covered much in depth however implementation details are very clearly explained. You can of course read the in-depth details from the references of the research paper given in the slides.
Excellent course once again. There were some nuances in the programming exercises that included some time consuming overhead for troubleshooting (thus 4 stars). Nevertheless, would highly recommend to anyone aiming to dive deeper into convolutional neural nets.
Thanks again, another useful and well thought-through course.  Some tidying of the videos and checking of the scripts instructions (especially non-mandatory steps) would polish this course.  Overall it flows well and contains very useful insight and intuition.
Great course for beginners but disengagement of the tutors for some concept related questions and very small number of typos on the slides are little drawbacks. But definitely encourage everyone to take this course for getting the building blocks of CNN right.
Concept of anchor boxes was not clear. Hopefully, you can add some more clarification for future students. How are anchor box dimensions determined? What happens to objects that are near the camera vs those that are far away? Do anchor boxes scale accordingly?
Learned a lot, obviously, but felt like I had to look for answers more actively than previous courses. Obviously, the positive side is that you get trained at debugging as well and at searching the internet. Being self-taught anyway this somehow felt familiar.
grading for assignments seems buggy, and mismatched to hints on the discussion forums. Slight differences in an arg to a function can result in a correct result in notebook but failing assignment. This was un-intuitive and confusing. Content was good otherwise
Would give it 5 stars were it not for a) the grader problem in the face recognition exercise and b) some of the obscure tensorflow in the NST exercise.But all in all prof Ng is brilliant and the way the course is set up is very intelligent and challenging.
It is not as detailed as previous courses, but it is a good course. I wish it would have more details abouts how to see what is doing a convNet and how to see inter-layers outputs more detailed, and also how to tune the network with conv layers. Thanks!
Andrew makes the concepts very understandable. The way that he put assignments together helps. I wish there was more references to explain some ideas in more detail. This course has room for being expanded a little bit. Thank you for all the good work.
Generally it is great to learn concepts related to image classification/object detection and etc. Some details of certain areas are missing, such as how to now the bx, by, bw, bh in YOLO algorithm. Have to move on to learn details from other channels.
The video lectures are very good at outlining the concepts. The programming assignments with the jupyter notebooks are nicely done, but they do not go into much depth. Hence, the course mainly gives you theoretical knowledge than practical experience.
Presentation of material is fantastic, but there were A LOT of technical problems with the grader that led to a lot of wasted time and frustration.  Very good course, but please work to update the grader issues so future offerings are less buggy!
This course, out of all of them, seemed to have the most grader issues. Several times I had functional code with the right answers, but it got marked wrong and I had to hunt through the discussion boards to find out how to do it the "right way".
Great course, but some discrepancy between face recognition/verification notebook and the grader make this impossible to get full grade (I had to check in the forum and enter an answer giving a result not corresponding to the expected output).
I really wish they didn't provide so much boiler-plate code. It seems to detract from understanding the programming assignments fully. Yes, building the whole thing yourself would take 2-3 times more effort, but the end result would be better.
The course is good. Well explained.The videos need some editing, sometimes speech is repeated which doesn't help with concentration.Also, the forums need fixing, for someone used to Stack Overflow (and others) the forums work really bad.
Need more quick help from discussion forum since it is very important to understand the usage and working of components in the code. The course is superb in theoretical part but I felt I needed more assistance in programming exercises.
The contents are good, however the exercises includes too many errors and it takes too much time to read all the discussions to find out what the hack is. You should make sure the exercises are working smoothly before you publish them.
Since I have a computer vision background I was expecting much more challenges at this points when doing the pratical assignments. The explanations  and intuititions about ConvNets are awesome , and this why I am giving 4 instead of 3.
programming skills by using tensorflow and Keras are required, and learned a lot of sophisticate program structure in this tough course. Worthy! Appreciated highly, but hopefully taking programming skills before starting this course.
really very good course with deep knowledge of deep learning backend  but some extra content and work should to added to labs for elaborated explanation and practice.some topics like how to select model model desining were  missing.
Provide useful information in convolutional neural network and its application in image processing. However, there are many issues in the assignment and grading systems. Hope that these issues will be totally fixed in the future.
The grader in the final assignment was giving some problems even if the answer was as close as last decimal digit.Else the course was excellent ,it gave excellent insights to different architectures used in CNNS and its working.
Course content was really upto the mark with the current trends in convolutional neural networks, its the best choice for those with pre-gained knowledge about machine learning and  have and idea of updating their skills in cnn.
As usual, the content is top quality. I did however notice several times in the recordings where Andrew tried to state something one way and then went back and restated the same thing - it seems like this should be edited out...
Really nice course of convnets. I think the intuition behind them could be more explained. In my opinion, the artistic part of the this nets should not be in this course as there is plenty of more important knowledge to adquire.
Thanks. Great course :)There're some mistakes in assigments. Check the course forum when you're in trouble. The course forum is very helpful. Thank all the students and TAs who post their questions and solutions in course forum.
Good course but I would really recommend doing a deeper explanation on backprop of CNN's.  Also I think the explanation of YOLO is not arranged well.  ultimately it gets there but when it is first introduced a LOT is left out.
Great material, but there was a bug in the grading of the final problem.  To work around the bug in the grader, everyone is modifying their program so it doesn't match the expected results but nonetheless will pass the grader.
Very InterestingAs usual, it is very very good from theory point of view. Practical examples are also really interesting.Do not expect to be autonomous after the course, as you won't be able to use Tensorflow or Keras alone.
This course provides great introduction to CNN. It is an eye opener if you didn't know about CNN and it will take you to a level where you will be quite comfortable with CNN formulas and know a bit about how to implement it.
I learned a lot about CNN. Good programming assignments. Unfortunately the quality of this course was not as good as the three courses before (Grader Bug in last programming assignment, see discussion forums for workaround).
Great lectures and exercises but the leave-behind study materials (lecture slides and notebooks) could be a little more helpful, and the frequent server disconnects have forced me to do most of the programming work offline.
Loved the content. Covers the fundamentals of ConvNets wonderfully. Need a lot more clarity on the use of TensorFlow and Keras in building these systems. Particularly the programming exercises felt a little obscure to me.
Great Course! I did the sequence model course before CNN. CNN programming exercises are challenging than the other four courses but could solve it with the support of discussion forums and hints provided in the exercise.
the general concept is important to understand the data flow from one block to anther block. this will give me big picture to learn convolution Neural Net works , thanks all content and support on this course.-jianguang
I had to watch the videos more than once to grasp all of the material. The exams were harder, and no partial credit was given nor specific indication of missed questions on the quizzes. Great material, very applicable.
The lectures are awesome as usual, but I would prefer less guided exercises with less fancy content but more I don't feel like I have implemented anything myself unfortunately. Still, big thanks for the great pedagogy!
Not as great as the previous three. Prof Ng's explanations are flawless and awesome as always but the programming assignments had more issues but I think by the time others take this course all issues will be resolved.
The judge system of  last week's work  has some problem, but the course of Andrew is still worthy to learn.  Learned a lot about CNN from the course, but still need to read more papers in order to step into the field.
This is a great course with a lot of useful content. The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is that it was too packed. I would suggest Andrew and team to convert this course to a 6 week course instead of 4 weeks.
Overall the Course is good but the only examples given in assignments or lectures pertain to Computer Vision and Image recognition/manipulation. Surely a few examples or discussion of other uses of CNNs is in order.
Otherwise an excellent course, but the programming exercises were a little trivial. Then again, wouldn't have a suggestion as to how to make them more challenging without blowing up the required time spent on them.
Great course and content, but some assigments were too "deep" in difficulty. Not that difficult things can't be asked, but the jumps could have been a little better adjusted. But overall the course was very nice.
Lecture material is great. One suggestion from my side would be to spice up the facial recognition programming assignment a bit. To me it felt like all the magic would be hidden in the img_to_encoding function.
Great course content but frankly compared to Andrew's ML and the past 3 courses, the polishing of the notebooks assignments was not there and I wasted a lot of time fixing errors that were not helpful to learn.
The course itself is fine and is probably what most students enrolled for but Coursera is unacceptably broken. Had much greater technical problems with the programming assignments than any other course so far.
I enjoy almost all of the contents in this course. Very nice introduction to CNN. The only problem is that the last assignment for face recognition is filled with bugs. That's why I gave a 4 star instead of 5.
The first 2 weeks are really good and show many important facets of CNNs. I really liked the programming exercises. Week 3 and 4 dive more into certain applications and not all of it might be everyones taste.
4th course in the specialization - the hardest one so far. One minus I think the frameworks' tutorials (tensorflow/keras) are lacking, making it very confusing when you need to do the programming assignments.
Course content itself was excellent, assignments were a bit buggy and I definitely spent more time then I wanted trying to figure out how something wasn't working.  Discussion pages are very helpful for that.
Its nice course, it gives you very clear under standing of CNN. I felt exercises could be little better. once again thanks Prof. request coursera to imprive theri suppor regarding questions and other issues.
This was a really nice course with state of the art papers. I enjoyed very much this course. My only suggestion would be to fix the last programming assignment on face recognition and timeouts to jupyter.
Excellent course, I learned a lot! However, I think there is a fair amount of bugs in quizzes, assignments, etc.. Also, the videos require some editing, often some phrases are repeated two or three times.
Great course, but technical difficulties with the grader as well as incorrect solutions and/or instructions led to time being lost misunderstanding concepts and/or performing kludges to make things work.
Though much complex this topic is, it was explained in better manner and architecture  of Alex Net, VGG 16 were explained in simplest manner, the box method for object detection is also neatly explained
Assignments in this course lacked in giving intuition. There should had been at least one assignment that makes us comfortable with all the background functions and other things that were kept abstract.
The lectures are PERFECT. couldn't be clearer.The exercises are very explanatory, but impossible to understand what the grader wants.I wish the forum's mentors had been more active.overall great course.
Had much less time to follow this course and I've been less able to focus on convolutional notions, but I still managed to finish the entire course, working on the projects thanks to the clear outlines
Great content in lectures! Automatic graders for programming assignments can be tricky, and set to old versions of tf sometimes, but answers to these issues are readily found in the discussion forums.
This Course was really FuN and hands on.Although I find out there were general jupyter notebook based problems in the face recognition notebook in week 4. However, the Discussion forms helped a lot.
The programming exercises should be made more extensive. Also, as a  personal recommendation, maybe include some of the latest coding models and standards :). Otherwise thanks for an awesome course
The content is not as high quality as the previous courses. Im still fuzzy on some of the material. But this is still world class, please accept my gratitude for this unprecedentedly great content!
Course is good. It will be really awesome if there is a sample example scenario of assignment with code to practice before going to the assignment directly, so that learners can learn very easily.
Great material! I felt the last week was not as interesting or strong as the other ones, but I think I came out with a good idea of what ConvNets are and how to apply them in TensorFlow and Keras.
Amazing lectures as usual for Ng's courses. Nevertheless programming exercises are like "drawing connecting the dots": some additional effort would be useful in order to "deeply learn" the subject
Most Amazing Course on CNN. Every Concept Is explain by Andrew Ng is crisp and clear. Programming assignments are well designed and very important for getting the point. highly recommended course
This course has a little jump for using keras and tensorflow. There were parts where i had to look up a lot of tensorflow manuals to figure out. Hopefully there could be more information on that.
Very nice and crisp explanations with hyperparameters ,  I wish he had explained the segmentation part and other image processing techniques in deep as well. Neverthless this is a 4.5 star deal !
If you are not yet familiar with Tensorflow, the programming assignments are much more tedious than necessary. However, the explanations of the theory are quite helpful in visualizing convolution
Some programming assignments do not have the same level of "finish" as the other deep learning / machine learning courses by the same instructor, but very good in-depth material that helps a lot.
Great material, but the programming assignments feel like more of an exercise in figuring what the author is thinking than a challenge for me to learn the tools necessary to go do this on my own.
The overall course was excellent. It's just that I wanted to learn some more real-life based applications of conventional neural network. Thanks a lot for this course. It was a great help for me
This specialization needs to have a guided challenging final project. The projects are spoon fed and great for learning. However, a certification should require a more challenging final project.
This course is really great, the explanations are very clear and easy to follow. The lab environment uses a very outdated TensorFlow version, making it difficult to find official documentation.
There were some topics which were taught in last chapters, however, had they been in beginning could have given better understanding. Like 1-D 3-D conv, intuition about deep hidden layers etc.
Overall an excellent course, but some hints and guides of the assignments are not clear or misleading. If you work through them however, you will gain a lot (on how to implement these models).
As machine vision engineer, I was most curious for this one. And I haven't been disappointed. "Secrets" of convolutional architectures are revealed in a way that they are no more rocket scienc
Would like to see more of an involved exercise for either keras or tensorflow, perhaps using tensorboard visualizations. Good introduction into CNNs and where the art/science currently stands.
Some bugs to work out of the course content and I think the team should post the slides. The hands-on technical training is very good. I'm looking forward to implementing these in my own work
Excellent course, hope it adds more instructions on tensorflow and keras. wasted a lot of times debugging programming exercise due to tensorflow functions and structures. but fun experience!
The Deep Learning courses taught by Prof. Andrew Ng and his team have laid a solid foundation for me to kick start an interesting career in AI. Thanks to Coursera for this great opportunity.
Good course. Would have been great to see a little bit more of the history of how these filters or convolutional operators came about, and what is the mathematical motivation and properties.
The course is great, but it's almost impossible to learn in China without a vpn. Even if I got a VPN, I cannot connect to the jupyter notebook stably. And the course project is quite easy..
The grader is not robust enough to find out if the code is correct. It fails for semantic differences (not errors) even when the correct output is obtained, the grader still grades is wrong
the projects was not so helpful, even tho i learned by the end of course 5 that this is just the technical stuff, and the coding projects is in other coursers of specializations, so thanks
Great content, intuition, and examples. Some of the logistics and technical components were a bit more glitchy than the previous courses in the specialization - but that's a very high bar.
The course content is very good. I faced some problem in the assignment section. Even though in all the sections I was getting the expected answers I was not able  to pass the assignment.
A very comprehensional lesson about convolutional netwoks but there are some little problems of the programming exercises that some of the contents may not be right and not fixed on time.
The course is great, it is a shame that the last assignment has a problem and I had to waste a lot of time trying to figure out what was happening until I found the problem in the forums.
Great course for general concept understanding. Assignments are well structured although could be slightly more deep with lesser hints. (currently it seems easy with all the hints given)
I think they have presented the most possible content that doesn't make course boring or useless. I learned new things which learning them takes a considerable amount of effort and time.
excellent course and very challenging!! The last programming assignment was a little frustrating having the correct answer and not getting credit for it until I changed the axis to None.
A great course with many simple code samples using tensorflow and Keras. The only issue was that instructors do not participate in the forums. Otherwise the content quality was excellent
Great course but in comparison with others of the specialization, the exercise did not leave that much as before. Too focused on lines and not on the whole implementation of the ConvNet
It can be so much better if Andrew covers some more overviews. But it is still a great course and everyone should take it. Andrew gives the most understandable lessons about Yolo ones.
The first week was good and well presented. From the 2nd week onwards it as very cryptic. In the final week, on what are deep conv nets are learning, more details could have been given
I feel some of the theory was rushed here and high level functions used instead of explaining some of the more difficult concepts in the papers referenced, such as the Inception paper.
Good course, gives you a rough overview of popular CNN architectures and the basics of how they work. Assignments are easy but give you a chance to apply some of the stuff you learned.
The content was great, as usual, from Prof. Ng. But I wasted a lot of hours trying to make the programming assignment submissions, since auto save in IPython Notebooks kept on failing!
Minus one star for the assignment issue (triplet loss) for Week 4, this is a bit beyond acceptable considering how long the issue has evidently been there. Otherwise, stellar content.
Course content was good,but grader needs to be updated as in many cases I had to submit assignments manually by uploading it,as the grader wasn't working.Everything else was good. :)
Weird grader error on the week 4 assignment in triplet_loss function -- had to put axis=None instead of axis=-1, which is wrong (and contrary to the directions) -- needs to be fixed.
The problem with the triplet loss function and the grader was not solved until Dec 1st. This was misleading me, and, in order to grade fully I wrote a wrong version of the function.
A clear presentation of difficult problems and I love working with the notebooks. However meanwhile most of the tensorflow documentation hyperlinks within the notebooks are broken.
This course was of the same high quality and detail of the first three, but the last project was difficult due to bugs in the python code. This definitely needs to be fixed please.
The grader didn't work correctly on the final assignment. Course content was both really interesting and well explained though. Thanks very much for putting together these courses!
The content and lectures are still great. But the assignments and graders have a few bugs. I guess it's because of the insufficient preparing time. However, I did learn what I need
The lectures were excellent, but many of the exercises and quizzes had "issues" that wasted a lot of time.  You need to spend a LOT of time on the internal forums for this course.
Great content and superb videos. The assignments are becoming exponentially more challenging if one is not familiar with Tensorflow as the intro on that framework is rather short.
great lectures.yet there are some places to improve :1) the assignment are harder (which could be good) yet they are hard by being less clear2) there are some bugs in the grader
Good content, I learned a lot. Just one thing, the programing assignments need to be updated to tf > 2.0. Currently running 1.2.1 (released on Jun 30, 2017) in week2 and week4.
I wish to rate this 4.5 out of 5. Some descriptions (eg: YOLO alogrithm) are less elaborate or may be I found it difficult to understand. Overall, it is a very good course. :-)
Good course but lots of technical issues with grading of programming assignments.  Did not see these issues in previous courses.  Maybe more background on tensorflow is needed.
It would be more helpful and beneficial if there is a deeper explanation for the network architectures involving the forward propagation, backward propagation and optimization
Another very good course, only marred by the problems with running the final 'Happy House' face recognition notebook of week 4: the values did not seem to load into the model.
The course is good but the grades has severa errors - I spent a lot of time to understand what was wrong with my submissions - and was grade problem - consult always de forum.
the course was good but the implementation of the code for style transfer could've been better it was a bit confusing apart from that the course was good and well constructed
Very good content and learning value. I would have given it 5 stars were it not for glitches I encountered in the material available including some of the Jupyter notebooks.
Completed some interesting assignments. Concepts are succinctly explained.I think deploying these solutions in a real-world environment will show how well I have learned it.
The course is great no doubt however, after completing the course I still don't feel confident in writing code in tensorflow and Keras. Need practice to improve my fluency.
Very interesting content. Exercices are getting a bit messy, sometimes it's just not based on what has been learned coding-wise, sometimes there are issues with the grader.
Phenomenal content, but frustrating problems with Jupyter Notebook. A determined programmer will get through those kinds of problems, but it definitely burned up some time.
In content this is a 5 starts course but, there are issues grading the exercises that have being unfixed for quite a while... I hope they'll get fixed for future students.
Nice Course on convolutional Neural Network. They could have used only one framework to complete  the course assignments instead of switching between tensorflow and keras.
Very good and well structured lectures. The assignments make you work through some very interesting problems, but there is not a lot room for creativity in the solutions.
I learned a lot. The tensorflow methods are not explained well enough (even if you did the previous courses of this specialization), and it still uses tf1 instead of tf2.
All good, but something is amiss with the submission of the last week's Face recognition notebook. Use manual "Create submission" under "My submission" and then it works.
Great content. 2 hw exercises have some technical issues. E.g. hw4 Face Recognition doesn't teach  much content but has a lot of bugs wasting time on it more than needed.
Great course, I would have liked it better if assignments were bit more difficult and also could have dig deeper into fewer CNN techniques rather than skimming over many.
Great course. Kind of getting difficult at week 3-4, especially week 4. Probably needs to be more familiar with TensorFlow in order to handle the programming assignment.
Interesting materials. Give a good understanding of the concepts of constitutional networks.week 4 is the weakest of the 4 weeks especially the programming assignments.
Challenging course but very interesting. It gave the opportunity to understand better what a neural network is doing (from a visual point of view). Thanks Professor Ng.
Andrew is an  excellent teacher really. Quiz and Programming exercise were helpful to check the understanding on the topic. Overall it is a really good course to take.
This course explains very well how to use convnet, but however, I am a little disappointed because it does not explain why the convnet works and how to make it better.
A little more explanation on the advanced models like object detection would have been very helpful. Also, semantic segmentation has not been covered in the module.
Nice course, things didn't work out in the Jupiter Notebooks always, lucky we had the forums. Learned about CNNs, I know now how to engineer one from scratch. Cool!
it had really good content we could really have a good understanding of the topic after this course.one thing which can be done better is the programming exercise.
There some problem with the happy house assignment in week 4, specifically in function 'verify', kindly omit that mistake, otherwise, everything is great, loved it
Provides a fairly basic understanding of all the tools and processes used into making a Convolutional neural network along with the necessary background knowledge.
The art generation exercise is not very clear to me. i believe some more explanation on how to use and slice existing models, in the lecture could have helped alot
There were some technical issues with assessment in this one. It seems the motivation in those creating the assessment is dropping as the specialisation goes on
The course was superb, many thanks. The performance of noteboooks is annoying, it's very often I was not able to save changes to the notebook due to an "error".
Transfer learning is extremely important and it would be helpful if we actually learned how pretrained networks are loaded into a new network through Tensorflow
It was an amazing course. Never thought that diving in deep learning would be so amazing. The only problem was regarding update of notebooks to tensorflow 2.0.
Videos are great. The course could use some more imaginative / challenging programming assignments, but overall it's a great way to learn the basics of CNNs.
Content and lectures are great.In notebooks explanations are great.Some problems with grader in week 4. I would also like more open ended harder assignments.
Would be 5 stars if the last programming assignment wasn't broken. But it is a great course, I recommend it to anyone who's passionate about computer vision.
Week 4 could have been a little more detailed, and also faced some issues with the auto-grader.  Apart from that, wonderful course. Looking forward to more.
Could use more clarification/direction on the programming assignments. Also would be interested in learning more about how back propagation works with CNNs.
the content of this course was very interesting and practical. however towards the end (week 4), there were a lot of confusions about how TensorFlow works.
Excellent course. My only reason for not giving 5 stars is purely because there was a grading error on the last weeks' assignment which is still not fixed.
Really insightful. I did the course on Udacity and didnt understand much about the CNN but now I feel I have a better understand. I can't wait to apply it!
The bugs in the grading system make me uncomfortable. People have to submit the answer which is obviously wrong but favored by the grader to pass the test.
The content was fun and very useful. The last programming assignment had some incorrect guidance and made the grading experience unnecessarily frustrating.
The course is great. There is only one minor downside: sometimes the notebooks' connection is lost and you lose the latest modifications of your homework.
A good introduction to CNN's if you haven't seen them before. Strong on concepts and motivations. Kinda vague on mathematical details and implementations.
The course structure is really good. But please do fix the bugs in the assignments. Thanks to the discussion forum, it helped me a lot in fixing the bugs.
Excellent content delivered very honestly by Prof. Andrew Ng. The course has some broken grader issues which need to be fixed to make this course awesome.
explained very wellvery interesting with andrewthe main problem with this course is bug fixing on assignments.. i lost alot of hours just because of this
the last programming assingment has a lot of bugs as of 9/13/19 and was verry difficult to pass even though the actual code was very simple ti implement.
Course content was good and well structured. Some videos still need editing and grader for 2 assignments is faulty. Otherwise a very interesting course.
ipython notebook fails often. It was a frustrating experience. There are many bugs to be fixed to run the homework problem submission process smoothly.
A great course! I would have gladly given it 5 stars, but currently, the assignment of week four have bugs and the notebooks tend to stuck or run slow.
A bit dense and fast-paced even for Prof Ng's usual standards - this course is drinking from a firehose, but a great hands-on introduction to ConvNets
Could have a better explanation of TensorFlow graphs in the assignments. The course is still very good and provides a solid conceptual understanding.
Very interesting topics were covered in a quite comprehensive way. Only useful packages like Tensorflow and Keras were introduced only superficially.
Another wonderful course by the team, even with a few bumps this is one of the best introductions to what the heck a convolutional neural network is!
Great course and would totally recommend it. Assignments need a bit of work in terms of instruction clarity for use of certain tensor-flow commands.
I learnt many interesting ideas about convolutional networks, however, the course needs to be checked by the staff. There are many bugs in the code!
Programming challenges in this course were less practical than in previous ones, and instructions sometimes a bit vague. Still recommend it, though.
The notebooks did not help much to practice skills received from video lectures. Specially last 2 weeks. Felt like translating formulas into codes.
Very good course.  The assignments are too easy and I would be able to complete them without understanding the course material or what I am coding.
Neural Transfer and Object Identification (YOLO) was not explained very well. I had to look out for external videos on Yoututbe to understand YOLO.
CNN is not only used for image processing. It can be used in other fields. I hope so we can find other case study than  image processing. thank you
Week 3 has a bad grading system for the programming assignment. The exact "0" blocked many time, and waste efforts. Otherwise, the course is good.
It would be better if some gpus were provided, or the experiments of style transfer were a little painful. Anyway, the course itself is wonderful!
Good content but the labs should be upgraded to Tensorflow 2. Some quiz questions are bit vague and feedback isn't helpful to understand mistakes
Some videos are not carefully edited and there the teacher repeats some sentences.But overall, the materials and of course Andrew Ng are perfect.
Assignments are not always consolidating acquired knowlegde, due to the distance between implementation from scratch and using predefined models.
Very nice course. assignments are very high level though and just help in giving a taste of convolutional neural networks.lecture notes are great
A bit buggy some of the exercises, some of the videos and some of the course notes, but the material is excellent and the learning is invaluable.
Amazing course that breaks down the complexity of CNNSome assignment have issues yet the forum displays significant resources to help solve them
Some key points for not giving 5 stars (lack of questions during lecture, assignments too easy). But, as always Andrew is an excellent teacher!
The course is complex, it must teach more examples of coding and practice overall the content of this course requires very high level practice.
I really like the videos, and the content covered. It would be nice if the large blocks of videos were separated by some programming exercises.
The coding assignment is a little hard for people who don't know much about tensorflow and keras. But on the whole, this is a brilliant course.
There is a great course for many people to begin working with the such an enigmatic stuff as cnn! Thank you very much for creating this course!
Wonderful and well-structured course! Following instructions on jupyter notebook is confusing, had to go back and forth to do the assignments.
Grading assignments troubles are annoying especially after such a good teaching it is really frustrating. nevertheless it's an amazing course!
Interesting course, but the assignments were sometimes disappointing. There were bugs/issues, and it wasn't very clear how to deal with these.
The coverage of the material is excellent. The only downside is that there is little support for the exercises and can be quite frustrating.
I think perhaps you can add more detailed explaination on Fast R-CNN and so on. Also, I think the homework can be updated to Tensorflow 2.0.
It's very difficult. I believe it can be more simple. But on the other hand maybe when I go through it 2 or 3 times it'll became more clear.
Andrew could have explained a few concepts in depth overall a great course though giving an overview of CNN's & deep learning architectures
Pretty good course, holds a lot of relevant information.Though the going into every little detail of doing a convolution is a bit overkill.
I think Keras should have been used more in assignments. Overall the concepts are illustrated in the videos perfectly as well as precisely.
this course had all the practice exercises and todo assignments with proper lectures and examples to understand even such complex problems
course is good, homework has bug in week4's homework,  meeting expected output is graded wrong,  changing to different output got correct.
Errors in grading procedure. In many lecture videos you hear that they are consist of many recordings that do not compose one whole thing.
Would have given it 5 stars but the notebooks were problematic, especially week 4 Happy House.  Otherwise, it was a good conv net course.
Course content is very good and I found useful but I think Yolo exercise does required some changes. Over all very good, Thanks Andrew :)
Excellent course material, but the videos are poorly edited and the programming assignments decrease in quality as the course progresses.
There was just one minor error in the programming exercises' code. Otherwise very clear and the exercises give one a good understanding.
Could have been longer since a lot more technical details were involved. But give a very good high level understanding of the concepts.
Another awesome course by Prof.Ng! But this time I felt that assignments were poorly designed.. I didn't feel like I was learning much.
Great module for CNN!  Fundamentals understood very well.  Did not fully enjoy the assignments.  Shakespeare assignment did not work !
Fantastic content, but some of the assignments were a bit confusing. They didn't have quite as detailed of instructions as the others.
The material is great, but the assignments are underwhelming.  Would much prefer problem solving to filling in the blanks in the code.
Auto grader is difficult and needs some work cleaning up the material of the Programming projects. Great Material in terms of content.
I found the course very useful and properly guided through. Especially programming assignments with Notebook were very  informative .
Overall a good course, but the code for assignments was buggy and unintuitive sometimes, requiring guidance in the discussion forums.
Many problems with the homework grading, which costed a lot of time. Please try to verify the quality of the graders in a better way.
Pretty difficult to implement the models but a good course overall. Discussion forums were super helpful for the course assignments.
Exceptional course, but the audio quality (repetitions, periods of silence etc) was decreasing over the course of the specialization
It was a great course. My only issue was that, none of the quizzes had any relevant explanation. If you could incorporate the same.
As usual, Dr. Ng is awesome as ever but I felt the course to be a little too advanced and tougher to visualize concepts in my head!
Overall great coverage of CNNs. Just think it's worth some more time getting dirty with the networks and building them with Keras.
Triple loss correction is wrong.... Overall very good presentations and amazing content! Thanks for the opportunity to learn that.
It is great, but it had some problems in the some of the assignments submissions! Hope Coursera can fix it for the next students.
The programming exercise of YOLO was not very clear, both the notation and the implementation. Otherwise, good couse. Thank you!
Good introductory course. A bit more focus on transfer learning and using e.g. only a part of the networks would have been nice.
the content of course is quite good ,expecially the quiz and assignment. But the server of programming assignment is quite slow.
Excellent course with great materials. In my view, the difficulty of programming assignment needs to a bit harder that it is now
Great content but the slow speed and iffy stability of the jupyter notebooks makes the assignments a bit of a pain to complete.
Some bugs in grading will make you to waste 3-4 hours of time, which is frustrative. All except this is quite good and valuable
I really like this course. It gives me a huge of fundamental knowledge about CNN. Special Thank to PhD. Andrew Ng and mentors.
Superb content, and a great course! Unfortunately issues with the assignments keeps this from a 5 star course when I took it.
Thanks for another well organized course. It would be nice if there were more details about building and training the model.
Good and very comprehensible, but does not go into depth. Particularly, homework assignments should give better practice...
Great course. Maybe videos and assignments we not as good as in first three courses, but still very informative and useful.
Good Course but they should also teach how to implement transfer learning and how to load the dataset.Anyway a good course.
awesome content. some issues with assignments but nothing major...Continuing on the next course, like them a lot! Txs guys.
The course content is very interesting.Only 4 stars because of the frustration due to the bugs in week 4 graded assignments
I have learned a lot but still don't feel confident when it comes to building CNN from scratch or choosing hyperparameters.
great course again, but despite updated notebooks still some errors. Thanks to the community for communicating and sharing.
The course is great, Andrew explains everything in CNN very clearly. But the assignment and grader really need some update.
Learnt CNN with practical examples.  But it would have been good if tensor flow, keras part also might have been explained
Awesome course! I would highly recommend this to anyone who is an AI enthusiast specially in the field of computer vision.
It would have gotten five stars, but grading problems and other technical difficulties on the backend were very prevalent.
an awesome and necessary course for deep learning aspirants. Taught well and thanks to all the team for this opportunity.
The course is very good, but I find that the mixture of numpy, tensorflow and keras in the assignments is quite onfusing.
I still love andrew, my only problem with this course was that it was quite shallow. There were a lot of editing mistakes
I would have appreciated a little more depth in the programming exercises but otherwise a good introduction to the topic.
The grader is unfortunately still not fixed for triple_loss function even though the comment in the notebook was correct.
Its an excellent course, it has opened my mind in a different way towards understanding of convolutional neural networks
Please fix some bugs in the graders script. Just for that the course is not perfect, otherwise the content was amazing.
Cours material is great. However, videos seem to be produced a bit less carefully than previous deeplearning.ai videos
Content is great. Andrew Ng is a very good instructor. Still many issues to fix in videos, quizzes and projects though
This was the first of the ai courses that did not feel super clear to me. More intuition videos would have been nice.
Great Material but some frustrating bugs in the programming assignments and choppy videos that need to be cleaned up.
Very good and interesting course, but the some tweaking is needed to remove the errors in the programming assignments
I't was hard to understand some concepts sometimes. I was waiting for a detailed explanation on Car Detection system
I would only rate 4 for this course. Because the first three is really well structured and this one is kinda messed.
The only complaint is, that my excercises have been locked - I wanted to review them and do some further experiments
This course was really helpfull and I learned a lot . Thanks to the respected teachers of this course and coursera.
Faced Some challenge with the Course Assignments that was too time consuming but overall the course was pretty good
If you can fix the bugs of the last homework, it would be perfect. Anyway, the information on CNN is really useful.
Great and deep course, CNN are definitely a beast.Disappointing to have bugs in the final exercise when submitting.
Amazing course with great details. It would have been better if details of back propagations were also explained.
An excellent course from Andrew Ng, some problems with the stability of the python notebook platform on Coursera.
Excellent lecture and materials. Would have given a 5 stars if the issue with the grader could be fixed in time.
Corrections preferably should be before the video and not after. Any way to visualize graph in Wk4 assignment.
Assignments can be set up in a slightly different way. Although I do not see how. So maybe ignore the comment.
maybe to complicated. I still have no confidence that i understand all that information right.i feel bad ((((
The course is an amazing start to Image Processing. I found the part on Object Detection a not very thorough.
Problem with grader for last assignment hasn't been fixed for more than a month. Rest of the course is great.
Videos could use some editing to remove bits that weren't edited but other than that the course is fantastic
The depth of the course can be increased by inculcating more topics and more frameworks can also be explored
Could use some work re-updating the notebooks to make coding as seemless as course 2 in this specialization.
Mentors seems not so active on respond on questions. Otherwise this was very good course to learn about CNN.
I nice course, but too easy, assignments are very simple, I think more coding should be left to the student.
Had submission issues with the assignments. I had to submit without verifying the outputs via hit and trial.
Overall great course. Room for improvement - programming assignments could be more difficult and less buggy.
Great learning assignments but I wish there was at least one assignment where everything was not spoon fed.
Informative but very low production value with unedited, uncut videos with lots of frustrating repetitions.
Only one more blank line in the start of the cell waste me one and a half hour to find the amazing bug...XD
Overall a great course, just some bugs with the assignment grader that made for quite a bit of frustration.
That course is quite beneficial the only problem, except than first week, course could be a more detailed.
The course overall was very helpful but i think that the there should be more clearance in the assignments
Thanks Coursera, Awesome experience which help to clear many doubt like one object detection bbox encoding
Missing some questions in between videos. Some assessment are not as well written than previous lessons...
It would be more interesting if the programming exercises utilized the more recent version of tensorflow.
Things were really interesting..It would be great if there were some more topics and details of the model
Please do not use too strict rules to check the assignment, I.e. IOU Func, it's a waste of time to debug.
The course is great but the support of the mentors is zero and there are several typos in the notebooks.
difficulty in learning program it there any optional videos to learn those programming like keras etc..
A couple of missunderstading in the assigments but you can learn a lot about convnets and that is huge!
Cover some of topics and give good overview, but skip other interesting moments (like GAN and CapsNet).
A good course, could be great if we keep the course updated with current state of the art developments
I don't know the triplet loss part in the final PA. why it's should be axis = Noneother PAs are great!
The graded assignments are a bit buggy and need to be corrected. The quality of the content is great.
Course covers most of the basics for CNNs.But it would be better if they would have also covered GANs
Great content, HW assignments were poorly done because of the automated grader being fickle or wrong.
I would give it 5 starts, but there are too many errors in subtitles and audio. Overall very useful!
Material was excellent as usual. However, there were a few glitches in the final week's assignments.
Pretty good course. It would be perfect if it would go much more into the details with YOLO and NST.
Despite some bugs in the assignments (especially second assignment of week 4!) a very useful course!
there should be explanation of tensorflow library which will help us to understand more efficiently
Great, but some aspect such as Neural Style Transfer are not quite as applicable in the real world.
This course was cool too but I feel I got a bit less out of the exercises that the first 2 courses.
Lots of editing bugs in the videos. Sometimes the videos would seem to jump backwards 5-20 seconds.
it's quite hard and contains unnecessary computation and coding... but generally lessons are great
Great Course, the only problem is that this course is still using TensorFlow 1 for its assignment.
Generally a great course, just a couple of quiz questions which could be less ambiguously defined.
More assignments of transfer learning using pre-trained models need to be included in this course.
Some of the grader difficulties in week four need to be sorted out. Otherwise, interesting course.
Too many grader problems existing for so long. Otherwise the material was top quality as expected.
Awesome content and course!A little problem in course assignments of week4. Otherwise great course
Very nice course. The coding exercises code be more clear and the grading system needs some work!
More guidelines on tf functions use could be provided even though it has been previously covered.
This Course gave a high level lecture on CNN. This should be enough to kick start in CNN journey.
The course was good,but i think more time could've been taken to explain yolo and sliding window
Assignments are good,should include more explanation regarding Interactive Session of tensorflow
This course is really great. But I hope more such kind of contents will be introduced in future.
Topic is nice and well covered. Just the occasional errors/mistakes in the videos are annoying.
I sugest to find a better way to teach Transfer Learning when we are codding in the exercises .
Got a little tedious for me. Still high quality, but not as fun or concise as previous courses.
Regardless of the problem in grading the final project, the course was very attractive! Thanks.
I wish the assignment tell me more about transfer learning than using the exist trained model.
The grader in week 4 programming assignment 1 was behaving unexpectedly delaying my completion
The course was really good. But I wish there were detailed explanation to practise questions.
The programming assignments in week3 and week4 was not very useful unlike the previous weeks.
Very interesting to learn but won't be useful for my role.Looking forward to sequence models!
Really good course to get a broad idea of the concepts, although not as in depth as i'd like
Bit harder to understand some of the materials in this one, but I get the general concepts.
The course is awsome, but the introduction to TensorFlot as well as to Kera is improveable.
The last coding exercises could have been a bit more in-depth, to be even more educational.
A little less well explained that the oter ones, but still a great course. Should be free!
The programming assignment is the highlight of this course. Good work team deeplearning.ai
I learned a loadMore comprehensive details in assignment submission errors would be great.
You rely a lot on the Discussion Forum since there seem only be limited number of mentors.
Great course. The poor video editing and strange grading anomalies detracted alot however.
I would have liked to see more details on one-shot learning, zero-shot learning, and GANs.
A decent course though some week's ending materials get a little difficult to comprehend.
TensorFlow could be explained in a bit more detail which could be helpful for new coders.
the grader of the assignment doesn't work well sometimes and wasted a lot of time on it.
Would have been 5/5 if the final assessment didn't have a bug in the submission grading.
Great course!Though you need to fix some problems and errors with last programming task.
Problems with expected answers matching output for graded functiosn proved frustrating.
Issue : The final assignment issues needed too much debugging that was grader related.
Great introduction course for convnet, but I hope to see how does the back prop work.
Very good course, but some of the videos could have used some more editing in places.
An error with the "Face recognition" notebook, otherwise a great and in-depth course
Great course for the ones who wants to learn CNN and the working of the convolution
Good course. I got a lot of knowledge in this course, but a lot of bugs in exercise
ConvNets are no more black boxes for me. May be some more mathematics worth to add.
I wish other topics like semantic segmentation, pose estimation, etc. were covered!
Most interesting module yet!! It's so fun to see applicatios of CNNs in companies!
this course is helpful learning to image analyze, but the homework bug is too more
This course is very good for Intermediate level.Thank you for this amazing course
Good, a little hastily prepared perhaps, repetition in dialogue. Still best MOOC.
The course has some really good content and the assignments are helpful as well.
The last homework was not so good organized. Others are nevertheless quite good.
Another great course by Andrew and Team. The programming exercises were a treat!
Content is great but assignments have several bugs which waste me a lot of time.
The course seemed kind off rushed, but nevertheless got a lot to learn from it.
There were a few issues with the Face Recognition assignment but overall great!
Please, fix the bugs in the assignments. In particular in the Week 4 assignment
The videos could stand a bit of editing, but the content is great nonetheless.
Much better value than course 3, but assignment instructions could be clearer.
I am not very interested in this topic and the assignments were very very hard
Great course! However, it could be nice to write more code with less guidance.
Having the ans provided in the quiz would help better understand the concepts
More help and material should be provided to complete programming assignments
Too long. Can be shorter by removing some repetitions with previous courses.
I think some subjects like the face recognition deserved a bit more details.
This was indeed a tough course. It took a while to understand some concepts.
Excellent course with a lot of applications of convolutional neural networks
More Tensorflow related introductions in the program assignments are needed.
The course is good, but the grader is something that makes your hair go grey
The course content is very good. but I think assignments need to be harder.
It was tough. Tensorflow knowledge is a must prerequisite for this course.
Very good introduction. I wish the assignments were a bit more challenging
Please fix the grader in Week 4 - Face recognition - Triplet loss exercise
I wish there had been more explanations something regarding propagations.
one less star because you are not giving me any material for this course.
Overall course was good. Some videos are lengthy, people might get bored.
excellent course. the jupyter notebooks were behaving erratically though.
this one was hard to clear thanks for wonder full tutorials and questions
Tensorflow and Keras tutorials need improvement and further explanations.
Material is great as always, the audio could certainly be improved though
Programming assignments are too easy, consisting largely of copy&paste.
Very good course. Just please fix the buggggggggy grader in the week 3.
The last assignment on triple-loss has the grader-error, which a couple
I'd have given it 5 if programming exercises were modified to use TF2.
A wonderful introduction and implementation to the concepts of CovNets
It required coding on keras and tensorflow not appropriete introduced.
The grader could use some more debugging but otherwise excellent work.
Great course!  Assignment notebooks could be a bit more challenging...
Good material. I recommend explaining YOLO with more conceptual depth
Nice course. But we are not working on latest versions of Tensorflow
Great content! It would be better if some missing slides were there.
Neural style transer part is hard to understand,  the rest part easy
interesting introduction materials on convolutional neural networks.
Advanced and intense concepts. Great course to develop hard skills!
Let down by a bit of video edit or lack of but another good course.
Great course for getting more inside of different CNN architectures
More challenging assignments needed for more learning opportunities
very good course, though confused by the grading of the assignments
Great material, but some confusion on the last programming exercise
Assignment grader needs to be updated. Great course, learned a lot.
Great course! I give 4 instead of 5 because of the last assignment.
Ability to train own network would improve the learning experience
The duration of the course was less, which made it very fast paced
The course is very good. However some bugs remain in the notebook
great course although the auto-graders could use some updating...
Needs to be updated with current version of Tensorflow and keras
most of the tensorflow documentation link is not working anymore
Face recognition week was too short to understand key concepts.
Tough on programming side, but good videos. Learning was a fun!
Very interesting, but the exercises should be more challenging.
One star less because the last homework notebook is very buggy.
Very insightful and interestingMinor editing bugs in the videos
Great course for those wanting to learns CNNs in a short time.
Some sentences get repeated twice maybe due to editing errors.
It is very algorithmic base missing some deeper understanding.
Like  always best course   in computer  vision  by  Andrew NG
A great course with challenging tasks and great explanations.
It's hard to debug when we don't get score on my submissions.
The content is good but the assignments have a lot of errors.
A few bugs in the assignment grading, otherwise nice course.
The programming job doesn't feel well guided by the content.
there are some mandatory lessons that i feel are unnecessary
a little bit hard to complete! But I liked it a lot, thanks!
Theory is good -- Ng the best. But programming tasks on TF1
Great course. Assignments too easy -- too much handholding.
Adequately confident with convolutional neural networks now
Kernels are extremely buggy please fix the recurring issues
good courses, but it has some errors in the last assignment
I didn't rate 5 because of a lot of issues about the grader
Difficult to find help for the face recognition assignment
grader is not working sometimes, have to logout and login
The coding assignments and the grader should be bug free
some principles were a bit foggy and hard to understand
Provides great introduction to conv nets. Great Course.
Often the assignment could not be submitted and saved.
The grader bug should be looked into, wonderful course
Interesting course, but let down by the grader's bugs.
Add how to create object detection model from scratch
There is so much you can learn easily from Andrew Sir
Very helpful course for basic understanding of CNN's.
The programming instructions are with something wrong
It is a great course for a deep learning enthusiast.
Material is good, but too many problems with grader.
good amount of practice, some rough edges in content
Iou function had issues in week 3 .Course was good!
If more practice using convNN, it would be perfect.
Tensorflow and Keras parts need better references
grader s output should be completed with feedback
A bit faster in terms of programming assignments
Programming assignments are basic  than expected
5 stars, except for the bug in grader on part 4.
Few bugs. Except these bugs, others are all good
Andrew is awesome! He explains in a perfect way
I would expect the homework to be more hands on
Good theoretical knowledge gained by it. Thanks
Neural Style Transfer  I thought was bit rushed
The bug in the tripleloss was very frustranting
Bugs in the course (it's new so understandable)
I had like a lot specialy the face recognition
Good course but sometimes confusing homeworks!
The assignment has some problems with grading.
There wasn't anything about image segmentation
Great Course, learned a lot of basics of CNN.
The course can old give you some general idea
too many problems with the second assignment.
Hope can give some more details about keras:)
Great material, buggy programming assignments
Good course content with better assignments.
Assignment and video  splicing quality drops
Some of the videos were edited really poorly
fault in the 4th week programming assignment
The bug in 4th assignment is so frustrated.
Some technical problems but great overall !
Very good explanation of all the concepts.
This one may be the hardest of the Series!
Some concepts were not explained clearly .
very very much thankfull to Andrew Ng Sir
Best course for CNN and its applications.
Very nice but maybe a little bit shallow.
some typos in the assignment instructions
Yolo algorithm was not introduced clearly
There are some error in the assignments.
we need better feedback on the quizzes.
Interesting insight .useful for my work
Probably too easy for a mathematician.
Error of last assignments is confusion
some answers you provide are  wrong...
Need to check the exercises carefully.
Awesome course designed by Andrew NG.
Good experience and must learn course
Great course and practical exercises!
Is great course about CNN that I took
Great introduction into this subject.
Programming exercises need updating.
Needs robust/challenging assignments
not as good as three classes before
Good course. Go slow to grasp all.
Videos need to be properly edited
Week 3 & 4 could be more detailed
Too Tough concepts to understand
Programming Exercise is too easy
Hope to have more coding demo...
Several bugs in the assignments.
Really Enjoyed it. Thanks a lot
Great but too brief sometimes.
the ipy notebook is not great.
exercise where below standard
week 4 assignment is buggy af
mentor is highly unavailable
have some bugs in assignment
Add a question in the video
Jupyter always gets stuck!
Coding part can be better
great high-level overview
Great instructor Andrew!
Good coverage of topics.
Too many grader issues.
very helpful course :)
Good course for basics
expected more contents
Could use more depth.
Great course, thanks!
Some early bug issues
Very interest course
left me wanting more
very exciting part !
CNN is so helpful.
I had a blast!
The Besttt.
Amazing! Feels like AI is getting tamed in my hands. Course lectures , assignments are excellent. To those who are not well versed with python - numpy and tensorflow , it would be better to brush up.
This course is definitely tougher than the first three courses. Challenging but worth it.
Great course for kickoff into the world of CNN's. Gives a nice overview of existing architectures and certain applications of CNN's as well as giving some solid background in how they work internally.
This is very intensive and wonderful course on CNN. No other course in the MOOC world can be compared to this course's capability of simplifying complex concepts and visualizing them to get intuition.
Great Course OverallOne thing is that some videos are not edited properly so Andrew repeats the same thing, again and again, other than that great and simple explanation of such complicated tasks.
Great course, easy to understand and very useful. The explanations are very clear, as is expected from the professor. The purpose of the course is for you to have a practical comprehension of CNNs, it will give you the necessary tools to implement you own networks, but it will not get into the specifics of each model. Nevertheless, all of the resources are referenced, which makes it very easy for you to dig deeper on any specific topic covered on the course.
To set the context, I have a PhD in Computer Engineering from the University of Texas at Austin. I am a working professional (13+ years), but just getting into the field of ML and AI. Apologies for flashing this preamble for every course that I review on coursera.This course is the 4th in a 5 part series offered by Dr. Andrew Ng on deep learning on coursera. I believe it is useful to take this course in order and it makes sense to study it as a part of the series, though technically that is not necessary.This is one of the best courses to take if you want to understand the basics of Convolutional Neural Networks.  CNN is a technically-difficult-to-understand, still-evolving field of Neural Networks, and it has thus far found remarkable uses in the field of computer vision.  Dr. Ng really exposes us to this cutting edge research, by explaining research papers, starting from its 'inception' to work that was published just two years ago. There are several aspects of CNNs that are difficult to understand, including the very basic "convolution" itself.  Much of that is made clear in his video lectures, which explore (and explain) a wide variety of Network Architectures in good detail.  The instructor videos are very good, usually 10 min long, and Dr. Ng tries hard to provide intution using analogies and real-life examples. The quizzes that accompany the lectures are quite challenging and help ensure that the student has understood the material well. As with the other courses, the programming exercises are the best part of the course. You get to practice, (1) decoding hand signs, (2) face verification, (3) face recognition, (4) single and multiple object detection (of cars in a street) ... All these problems are actual, real-life projects, which are extremely difficult to solve.  They help the student practice the strategies and also provide a jump-start for the student to use the code for their own problems at work or in school. Overall, this is an excellent course. Thank you Dr Ng and the teaching assistants, Thank you coursera.
Wonderful course. Covers a wide array of immediately appealing subjects: from object detection to face recognition to neural style transfer, intuitively motivate relevant models like YOLO and ResNet.
Out of the four courses I have taken in the deepai sequence this is the best one!  This course got to the heart of the methods that researchers are implementing and also dropped you into the programming using Tensorflow.  As noted by some other reviewers there are places where more instruction could be helpful, but I felt that this course obtained a good balance between information and challenging and also between concepts and hand-on implementation.  A couple of the prior courses could be merged and then this would be the 2nd or 3rd course in the sequence which would be much better in getting students to complete the projects and all courses.
I really enjoyed this course, it would be awesome to see al least one training example using GPU (maybe in Google Colab since not everyone owns one) so we could train the deepest networks from scratch
Very good however most of the effort is applied in learning and applying programming (tf, Keras) than actually thinking about the DL models and practicing different scenarios.
Really an amazing course about CNN's. what an amazing instructor Andrew is. Totally recommended course those who want to learn CNN's from basic.
A short (but cogent) overview of CNNs with a ton of references to read through and much more interesting assignments (than previous courses). I really enjoyed this course, I got a ton of exposure from it.
This is one of the best courses for CNNs. This gives a very deep understanding of the concepts and helps to understand the brains behind the CNNs and their working in application based environments.
Too much hand-holding during assignments, although still very good directions. Obviously the issue with the final programming assignment needs to be addressed. Fantastic lecture material, as always.
Excellent introductory course for CNN. The basic ideas and key components are explained clearly. Coding assingments helped me understand the algorithm to every little detail.
This may be the most enjoyable course in the whole series so far. It is intuitive and fun, and the results are tangible.  Very practical.  Inevitably, due to the complexity of CNN, we have to rely on frameworks such as TensorFlow/Keras, etc. to do the coding, and they are covered in this course as well.  Not very deep, but sufficient. Wish they may pick PyTorch in the future as well.The notebook and grading systems sometime have issues though. You may think you submitted the right data but actually the server side won't think so.  Hard lessons learnt are:  a) save the original ipynb before coding, so you can always rollback in case notebook messed up; b) save a checkpoint before submit, this will force saving and ensure you submitted the latest data, otherwise, it may submit incomplete data - some cells may still have very old data even you modified a lot;  c) open anther local Jupyter notebook to experiment and mess around,  with interactive TensorFlow exception, but pay attention to the expression with random sequences, when you call eval() the second time, they may have totally different value even you reset the seed upon each cell, eval() will invoke your expression again which will consume more data in the random sequence;   d)  never use iPad to complete your noetbook coding, :-).
Este curso introductorio es estupendo para aprender desde cero sobre convolutional neural networks.

Professor Andrew Ng, makes very comprehensible the content of the course.
 
Here why:

-He decompose every element of CNN. Convolutions, 1x1 convolutions and  pooling are very well explained, then by yourself can derive the dimensions of the output after applying these operations.
-He make notes on the fly for derive equations and  explain the purpose of the equations.  For me is much better that  only show slides, because makes give me the oportunity to think of the equation before is show.
-Professor give you  Intiition in every topic.
- He Make several examples of modern architectures of CNNs.Always write down in detail the architectures. 
-Clear notation, uses the same notation in programming exercises 
-Programming exercises are the best documente ones. This makes relatively easy to implement the exercises. If struggle with operations, they provide links to the documentation necessary.

Was an amazing course. 

Althogth I always think CNNs were some what  difficult and sometimes tedious topic (because of convolution and pooling arithmetic, and the use of "volumes" instead of matrices), this course make all clear and natural.

Thanks to the instructors for they hard work.
If you're not particularly interested in image identification and recognition, there is still reason to do this course. CNNs are amongst the most advanced areas of DL and understanding the concepts can help develop intuition about how to solve DL problems in other domains. I greatly enjoyed this course. As with all of Andrew Ng's courses, the explanations are clear and help develop intuition. This course seems to have more references to academic papers than the others and Andrew is encouraging and helpful in guiding the student to the accessible and relevant sections of the papers.The exercises are instructive and not too challenging. Most of the challenges I had were due to my own programming errors and occasionally an error in how the exercise is set up [make sure to use the most recent version of Jupiter notebooks]. One exercise in Week 4 (Neural Style Transfer) does assume more Tensorflow knowledge than the other exercises. Recommend brushing up on Tensorflow before trying this and using the discussion groups which are helpful for debugging suggestions.
Coursera        :#1  /       .#2    ,           . E=MC^2      ,       .     !#3    .     .#4    ,       .This is a record of your time. This is your movie. Live out your dreams and fantasies. Whisper questions to the Sphinx at night. Sit for hours at sidewalk cafes and drink with your heroes. Make a pilgrimage to Mougins or Abiquiu. Look up and down. Believe in the unknown for it is there. Live in many places. Live with flowers and music and books and paintings and sculpture. Keep a record of your time. Learn to write well. Learn to read well. Learn to listen and talk well. Know your country, know the world, know your history know yourself.Take care of yourself physically and mentally. You owe it to yourself. Be good to those around you and do all of these things with passion. Give all that you can.Remember, life is short and death is long. Fritz Scholder
I would highly recommend this course as learning from basic stratch to deepen your understanding about the subject topic, Although i found it very hard to solve the assignments because i was not on the track of tensorflow.I would also recommend to take cs20 class by stanford which teaches tensorflow very well or you can refer the youtube videos for tensorflow also. The key thing is whatever you study you have to keep coming back to look at the assignments what you've done , play with it, understand it, and see how you can relate this on theory.The video lectures is pretty striaght forward, not much mathematical jargon, but its intermediate level of sort, but i recommend to watch atmost 5 times every video if you didn't get through once, don't rush, take pen and paper and also write. You can also refer medium articles which are well curated from this course and provides a nice summary of overall what you've studied.And if you got more time, just try to read some good papers. Thank you.
This has been the most exiting course within the Deep Learning specialization by deep learning.ai. It provides all the basic theoretical and practical knowledge to get you started right away with CNNs and its applications in computer vision, including state-of-the-arts algorithms for image recognition, face detection and neural style transfer. With the help of the well-designed and challenging programming assignments you can practice and reinforce what you have just learned by doing it yourself, while becoming familiar with popular NN frameworks such as TensorFlow and Keras. I strongly recommend to spend some time reading the papers and articles referenced in the lectures as those provides additional insight and background to the course material, as well as reviewing and experimenting with the code available from the course assignments and also from GitHub. All in all, another excellent course by Prof. Andrew Ng and his team!
Good set of courses on Deep Learning.  Some small complaints / recommendations: - Courses don't teach enough Keras & Tensorflow syntax to be completely stand-alone.  If you take this course, you won't really be able to build your own DNN's unless you also take a separate Keras / Tensorflow course.- Links to Keras documentation are broken -- they now take you to the general Keras homepage, not the specific command's page.- In later courses, Andrew Ng's lectures are not edited.  Starting around the 4th course, you start hearing Dr. Ng stop and repeat portions of the lecture, presumably intending the first attempt to be edited out in the future.  Usually this is easy to ignore, but in some cases he repeats 30-60 seconds of lecture, which can be confusing.- In the last course (sequence models), the text captions of Dr. Ng's lecture have a lot of mistakes, which is a little ironic for a course on speech-to-text
Felt like I learned a lot about CNN.  Perfect for introductory class I think.  Applications include facial recognition/one shot learning. style transfer(my personal favorite) and object recognition/bounding box determination.  I feel like it's perfect for me, having no previous experience with CNN(although convolutions in general are quite familiar to me).  This is definitely for those with no previous experience with CNN or just small/moderate amount of it.  You code up all the components necessary for CNN forward prop and a few pieces of the back prop to get an idea of what involved.  After this the projects are in TensorFlow.  I have no previous experience in TensorFlow but was able to do the exercises without to much difficulty.  That said, reading some supplementary tensor flow materials would probably be helpful as I'm still a little hazy on it.
Hands on exercises are fill in the blanks type. To actually learn from them I suggest after submitting the assignment and download the notebook. Use to refer while you build everything from scratch yourself.Content wise its great. Had a hard time understanding Week 3 content, Week 4 is fun as it teaches you face recognition and neural style transfer, both are explained clearly so wont spend much time rewatching the vids. Week 1 is really very important and very basic. I suggest even after completing the specialization do refer back to these videos so that everything gets installed perfectly in you.Week 2 is also a bit time taking to learn for newbies as throws plenty complex models on your face, right after getting an intro from Week 1! I suggest reading the research papers. I read my first research paper from here only.
Really enjoyed this one on Convolutional Neural Nets. Takes me back to a number of problems I worked on in my days in "image understanding" / computer vision. Really interesting to see how a deep learning approach contrasts with some of the early attempts at explicit image feature extraction and symbolic reasoning that we were doing back then. And yet, many of the same core concepts are woven throughout the deep learning approach -- image convolution, edge detection and segmentation, "area of interest" (AOI) operators multi-resolution feature spaces, ... - all of these are still embedded - now implicitly - in the layers of the networks. And I plan to do a bit more experimentation with "Neural Style Transfer" to satisfy my creative side.  THANKS!
This course is great and the assignments are more challenging and helpful than the previous courses in the specialization, and the assignments are practical a lot to the real-world applications. However, while I was doing it, even though it pushes me to think more and spend more time on it, I still have a sense that I don't have a global view for the assignments, in another words, if there is no elaborate written function architecture and pre-filled code, I have few clue on how to start coding an application in the assignment. Overall, professor Andrew's courses are always understandable, I think it is necessary for me to read more papers referenced in the course and assignments and then come back again.
The course content is fantastic (YOLO, CNNs, Neural Style Transfer).  The lectures are helpful.  I would like to see a bit more help using Tensorflow for those of us who are new to it (optional lectures, links, etc).  The only real negative is the flaky behavior of Jupyter notebooks.  More than once I have gotten results that turn out to be incorrect, even though my code is correct.  The fix is to restart the kernel, sometimes it takes several tries.  This is confusing and frustrating.  I wasn't a big fan of Jupyter notebooks before this course and its behavior has done little to change my mind.  I consider Jupyter notebooks to be separate from the course itself, so I'm still a big fan of the course.
Fantastic course, extremely well taught by Andrew, with targeted assignments, that add to the learning experience by making the theory concrete. I particularly liked the "ongoing investigation" tone of this course, with the abundant references to papers, explanation of the evolution of convolutional networks, and hints at possible improvements. The motivating use cases are also very well thought. I recommend this course for any aspiring data scientist, even if her field is not that of computer vision.  Unlike other courses of the deeplearning.ai specialisation, this course does not have interviews with "heroes of machine learning", that would have been a nice cherry on the cake.
This is course 4 of the Deep Learning Specialization. Things get harder in this stage as we go through Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), that are more difficult to understand than "simple" neural networks  (Course 1 now looks easy to me...). Well-designed programming assignments along with nice course materials. You will understand how work image recognition in general, which is used for many problems like: image classifiers, face verification/recognition, object detection in real-time (YOLO algorithm)  and even artistic creation (Neural Type Transfer). An important course that is worth the time and effort. Iv' learned many things.
Great topics and discussion, however the lectures started to gloss over the details of implementation which were left entirely to the exercises.Use of Tensorflow and Keras required more background to clearly do the exercises than provided in the tutorials or examples. I get the dynamic aspect of writing the lecture notes in the videos, however the lecture notes should be "cleaned up" in the downloadable files (i.e., typos corrected and typed up).  Additionally, the notes written in the video could be written and organized more clearly (e.g., uniform directional flow across the page/screen rather than randomly fit wherever on the page.
Excellent material taught by the best, Andrew Ng. Very relevant to my interest and career goals. The object detector section was especially helpful for my work at a small startup. The material is top notch and more detailed of what I got during my masters in computer science. The code examples and assignments are very fun and rewarding. There are some slight glitches during saving and submitting assignments, so i always made a backup copy. Other than that, the course was great. I skipped directly to convolutional neural networks since I am already familiar with deep learning. However, i eventually wanted to finish all 4 courses.
Great diving into the cutting edge computer vision algorithms (such as YOLO), the state of the art CNN architectures(ResNet, VGG, Inception Network, Siamese Network), with a variety of applications of this architectures and algorithms, such as self-driving system, neural style transfer generator and face recognition and verification! Very simple and understandable submission of very hard to read and realize machine learning papers, perfect explanationof the cutting edge machine learning algorithms, architectures and approaches used in this field. I'm so pleased with the quality in this course! It helped me VERY MUCH! Thank you
This course is not very deep mathematically (which is not very good. Again, additional material on the derivation of gradient descent for filters could be provided) but it is deep learning, so it is expected. On the other hand, the contents are just wonderful. It was my first exposure to computer vision/CNNs, and I can say that the introduction here is absolutely the best. It covers a lot of topics (new and not so new). Finishing this course will make you well aware of how convolutional NNs work and point you towards particular areas depending on your interests. By far the best introductory course in this specialisation.
Great introduction to the topic. For people who would like a case study oriented course this is it. The amount of content is also very impressive even if slightly dated. I have spent almost 2 years actively doing research and working with CNN's but the course still had a lot to offer in terms of content. It would've been the perfect starter pack if there was a section on image segmentation. Maybe there could be a complete course on Ng just covering case studies and research papers. Regardless attending this course is a must. The assignments are well curated and I can image will be extremely forgiving towards beginners.
This is a great introduction to what CNNs are and how to implement them in a framework. My one almost-gripe is that when it comes to the assignment it can leave you floundering because there is minimal coverage of some of the requisite knowledge of running a NN using the framework. I'm all for making students work things out, but in one or two ways it was just a bit too high of a step to expect a student to climb. I'm talking here about the steps required to actually run a NN and then make a prediction. By contrast, several of the much easier steps might have a hint such as "You might find the ... function useful".
This is a very good course. It contains quite a lot important CNN topics and models, which are state of art and very popular nowadays in industry. Although the contents are only aiming at some introductions of these topics, we can still get a very good impression of what it is and how it works. The exercises are relative simple, because to implement a real network and to train it will take quite a lot time. I think if there would be a implementation of e.g. model in detail, we can be more familiar with the contents. All in one, it is a very good course and covers a lot of useful models and information!
This is a very interesting and functional course. Week 1 gives you the basic ideas behind CNN and it is very easy to follow the videos. The next weeks gives you what are under the hood in object detection systems, other CNN architectures, style use... I recommend this courseEste es un curso interesante y sobre todo funcional. La primera semana te ensea las ideas bsicas detras de un CNN ademas de que son lecturas faciles de seguir. Las siguientes semanas te ensean los "secretos" de los sitemas de deteccin de objetos, otras arquitecturas de CNN, uso artistico de las mismas... Recomiendo el curso
One of the best courses for learning deep learning concepts for computer vision. It provides a deep understanding of convolutional neural networks and the various architectures used by state-of-the-art models. We get to learn various concepts of computer vision - image classification, localization, image detection, face verification, face recognition and neural style transfer. Ii  would have been better if course also covered image segmentation. We get much needed hands-on through interesting assignments and along the way we get to learn Tensorflow and Keras. Thank you for this great course :)
When i started out with deep learning, i found Course 4 to be the most intriguing part  of this specialization. And i was not disappointed. I already knew the scope of CNNs, but to see them in work from up close was a treat. This course teaches you the fine intricacies of Convolutional Neural Network. It also showcases the working of some really famous models that were built in the last few years. I hope this course can be extended to include the applications of CNN in NLP as well. This course is a must for budding Deep Learning Researchers. I cannot wait to apply the learnings in real life.
Like the other courses of this series, this course is really good. In this tutorial I have not only understood how to implement things but I have also learnt what's the math behind those things. It is important at-least for me because it allows me to do more experiments with CNN's or in general Neural Networks. The thing which I like most about this course is its programming exercises. I recommend this whole series to those people who want to learn some advance machine learning stuff like GAN, variational autoencoders and Reinforcement learning. This series will help as a strong foundation.
Overall an awesome course, however, it somewhat lacks some important topics and models such as SSD, Faster RCNN, mask RCNN, etc which are even more frequently mentioned in literature and applied in real world projects. This course really sparked my curiosity and passion in deep learning, I actually learned the models mentioned before by reading the original paper and many useful blogs. This is a long but rewarding journey, I would also like to see more topics be covered in this course and let more people know how these state-of-art models work and how they really change the world.
I really like this course, because it not only taught me the exciting new topics that I always want to learn, such as object detection algorithm and neural style transfer, but also it gave a solid introduction to the concepts of convolution. The assignments are great, it is fun to do and it also helped me more concretely understand the materials of main course. As to further improve the course, may be it would be nice to build a whole end-to-end pipeline including training the main convolution model in car detection as I know in Google colab even public users have access to GPUs.
Loved it!! Loved it!! Loved it!! I wish there was a little bit more engagement from mentor side as well as updates on the coursework with the latest developments in the object detection field. I also wish that there were a little bit more involved programming exercises, maybe one in "training" where one has to label objects and "train" a neural net. One of the things that I missed in the course is an explanation of the Neural Network architectures and why they work - e.g. the VCCG-16 or Inception Network - for example. Maybe one has to read the papers to understand them?
This part of the CNNs course in DL was awesome and long enough. It started with foundations of CNNs, where the concepts of CNNs layers was made very clear. Programming assignments helped understanding the layering activation properly. The good part was DeepCNNs case studies explanation with its pros and cons, plus the practical advice for using ConvNets. Also this course provided few papers applications like object detection, face recognition and neural style transfer which was amazing. All the quizzes and programming assignments refreshed the concepts in a good manner.
i hope we could implement every code from scratch , i mean that you don't do the heavy lifting for us and we start the code from the zero point no matter how much time or effort it would take us , implementing codes in the existing manner is great , but creating it and passing through all phases of the code like arranging the code , efficiency in programming , the steps of writing a certain function also the arrangement of all functions like(which before which) .All of this will help us gain better hands on programming ourselves .  thx for the great course :D :D
This course covers the basics of convolutional neural networks , resnets, inception nets, yolo, style transfer, face recognition.The programming assignments mostly  for yolo and face recognition is done with transfer learning , i think its only fair as they are computationally expensive to train.I am confident about all the materials covered in this course Andrew Ng as always breaks down the problem to the basics so you can understand them.Its a great course if you want to know and implement the well known computer vision problems with the well known algorithms.
This course helped me consolidate my computer vision knowledge. In fact, I had some prior experience but felt left behind given the current rapid advancements in the field of computer vision (thanks to deep learning mostly). The material is up-to-date and the assignments (especially the notebooks) are very pleasant. I have learned a lot of modern CV techniques: YOLO for image detection and localisation, style transfer, face verificiation with DeepFace, and many more. I recommend to anyone that is serious (or at least curious) about modern CV techniques.
I had a tough time on the programming exercises - mostly due to poor Python/Numpy/Tensorflow experience. I did find the material really interesting. The teaching style is great - much better than other courses on AI I've started. Andrew is terrific and pleasant to learn from. While totally different from the megastar CS50 (EdX) approach, he manages to make a complicated subject understandable.  I have my list of subjects I need to go back and review, but I really feel like I've gotten a good perspective on the Deep Learning field from these courses.
Fascinating course with brilliant insights into how deep convolutional nets work, however it would of been far better had the instructor used coded examples of math like those from the papers with code website which makes it easier to understand and translate the math into code.  However, the exercises are fascinating, fun and outright brilliant nonetheless! It's worth completing this to gain an insightful and eventually coded math understanding of concepts such as neural style transfer and facial recognition.  This can never get boring!
Andrews unique way  of presenting complex theoretical concepts in a compelling and easy to 
understand manner was essential for my learning success. Attending this course was fun. Even though the programming assignments were pretty tough in this course (for me the toughest of all the courses in the deep learning specialization), I managed to complete this course in (my) record time. This might be mostly due to the understanding of the underlying mathematical concepts which were outstandingly well presented.Totally recommend this course!
The course was excellent. I really enjoy Andrew Ng's courses: complex stuff made easy and lots of practical applications.
The only thing that I would try to improve is the time the staff dedicates to check the forum to solve student's questions. I personally got stuck at one of the quizzes and it was hard to find any clue that might help to understand the right answer. Also, some really interesting general questions on the forum were not replied by anyone. I'm sure some expert help on the forum would bring great value to the course.
For an engineering discipline, there is nothing better than employing the latest state-of-the-art techniques in solving real-life problems. That's the inherent value of this course the fact that you learn how Deep Learning is having an impact on so, so.. many, diverse areas such as Self-Driving Cars, Object Detection, Localization, Classification, Verification, Recognition and much, more. I highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to be an adept Deep Learning Practitioner. Kudos! Team DeepLearning AI. Keep up the good work!
The best course (yet). A good balance between theory and practice, although the complete lack of TensorFlow and Keras fundamentals can be a bit frustrating. Additionally, the use of numpy operations (add, multiply and such) gave the impression that you'd correctly done a function assignment (the check values were OK), however, the grader failed to accept it as being correct (which was justified), however, an indication that it was incorrect (or some comments in the accompanying text) would've saved me 30 minutes of searching.
This course is very good. But i hope, after the course's weeks end,  to add one more section to explain the recent publications and the most important challenges in the course field. In my opinion, this section will help the researcher to find a path to start research in course topic and try to find a new contributions that can help them specially if there are new master's or PhD students, they can figure out quickly where to start there research topics.Thank you for your great effort and i hope i can learn more via Coursera.
Its a very complicated topic and Andrew Ng and his team have made it very easy for us to learn the core concepts and easily do the programming exercises. Needless to say, we need to spend some additional time outside the course if you want to get a deeper understanding of the topic as well as learn more about the nuances of pre-processing and loading data/models abstracted away by the utilities as well as the detailed instructions in the exercises.PS: The discussion forum is super helpful, especially when you need some help.
The course is a perfect balance between theoretical explanations,  application in programming and tips that can be helpful if you intend to work with CNN. I had not seen CNN before, and I didn't feel lost at any moment. Every doubt I had was perfectly answered in the forum.  You don't need much of an experience with TensorFlow or Keras to do the labs, which are accompanied by thorough explanations of what is required; on the other hand, there are "extra" tasks for people who want to go more into depth in each lab.
Overall a very good course for the instruction. Found only two omissions with the programming assignment notebooks. One was where a function expected a tensor but the parameter we were encouraged to provide was an array. Had to use a convert to tensor call. The other was a mismatch between the expected output block and the grader. This has been noted already but has not yet been fixed. But quite minor all in all. Really liked the links to the academic papers that are the source of the models used. Thanks again.
In this module of the specialization, you will be familiar with several types of convolutional neural networks and how do they work in details. Compared to the previous modules, this one requires more time due to the complexity of the subject as well as the programming assignments that are more difficult. After this course you feel comfortable to read all the papers covered as references throughout the course . Moreover, Professor Andrew NG explains the content clearly and it is a pleasure to watch his videos.
Needs a few corrections on the last week's assignment.  Other than that great course.  I recommend people to go deeper (no pun intended) in learning Tensorflow and Keras by self studying via other resources (books, videos, tutorials) since the programming material is too extensive to teach in a course like this which seems intended to master the basic concepts and the most important results in convnets.  Thank to Andrew and the TAs for an excellent course.  See you all in the Sequence Models and last course!
Great course!!! The best online course I have ever taken! I enjoyed almost every day I participated in that course, really an educational treasure! It is so comprehensive and detailed at the same time. Due to the good presentation of the topics it was really understandable. The only thing I would wish for future participants: please make it easier to get the complete Jupyter notebook environments from the Coursera platform once completed. I spent a lot of time here - even after consuming the related blogs.
Great course.  Brilliant overview of CNN with recent implementations.  I understand the limitations of covering only so much material in 4 weeks.  Wish the course could have gone deeper on training YOLO.  I had to do this myself from the darknet website with some other tutorials.  Something to consider, implementations of Unet and Mask RCNN may be even more useful for precise object masking/detection rather than bounding box in the future.  May be worth mentioning these techniques as they develop further.
This is the 4th course in the series of deep learning that I finished. It was very enjoyable. The topic is deep and the instructor referred to papers and their implementation as exercises. Inception networks and ResNet exercises were my favorite and I learned a lot from them. The other assignments were good but weren't enjoyable as the two mentioned above. I would suggest the instructor incorporates some reading materials in the course which can be tested in the quizzes. Thank you for making this course.
Excellent course. This covers almost everything you need to know about computer vision. starting with how Kernels detect edges, how convolutions work all the way to Object detection, face recognition, style transfer. This also includes references to some important deep learning papers which you must read. Programming assignments really help to understand the concept. but, some assignments are not clear and dimensions are confusing. Successful submission is a relief :P. Overall an Exceptional experience.
As someone who is studying AI and Neural Networks for the first time, I can say that this course was a very enjoyable experience for me. The structure of the information content makes the learning experience all the more valuable, and makes the learner yearn for more. Compared to the previous 3 courses, this course gives a little more mobility in terms of thought process and problem solving by introducing Keras, and allowing the learner to play around with models. All in all, it was well worth the time!
Great stuff!  I have some background in image and signal processing and the mathematical properties of convolutions; so I it made sense to me that they would be useful in deep learning for image processing.  However, that point was amplified for me when Andrew Ng showed how a convolutional layer compared to a fully connected layer: The idea that a convolutional layer was achieved through parameter sharing and masking (forcing parameters to 0) and was in a sense a form of regularization was eye-opening.
This is an amazing course. The instructor Andrew thoroughly walked through the motivation, concepts, and implementation of Convolutional Neural Network. The programming exercises are very informative, easy to follow, and helpful in terms of reviewing concepts covered lectures. Quizzes are of moderate difficulty and are also a resource for content review. Case studies chosen in lectures are very interesting and relevant. I highly recommend this course, especially for those who are new to the field.
Hardest course until now. Overall very interesting, however I think i lack some basic understanding of tensorflow concept. I would like to have more examples and explanations of it. Its just that its often unclear: this only defines the tensor, and here we evaluate it, and if I run it again, does it compute from the begging or it remembers the value, and so on. This maybe refers more to the previous course. And besides that, would be great to have some text summaries of the material. :) Thank you
Andrew's teaching is exceptional, he finds the right way to convey the necessary information for complex concepts, he does not skip them but strikes the right balance of not going too deep, however he does warn you in a way, that you need to study them on your own.I think the course, will give you very strong foundations if you take time to understand what you are really doing and what the algorithms are doing.After this I think you will require a lot of practice with several examples on you own,
This course provides a detailed explanation of what are ConvNets. Further it also discusses real-life applications of Convolutional Neural Networks . The programming exercises which includes Face Recognition, Object Detection and Transfer Neural Networks are extremely well-designed and helps to code the above problems using tensorflow framework. I found this course extremely valuable and fun to learn and helped me a lot in improving my skills. Thanks @AndrewNg for this wonderful lecture series.
Really good course but relatively tougher than the previous ones. Learnt a lot with best part being able to learn state of the art algorithms and implementations. Did felt kind of oblivious at times while doing the programming assignments but the discussion forums came in handy during those times. There are some issues with the grading of last programming assignment which I think will be resolved soon. I definitely recommend this course to everyone who wants to specialize in neural networks.
The material in the course was very good. Andrew Ng is a fantastic instructor and is able to convey concepts in the most intuitive way. This course would be perfect, but for the problems with the last two assignments (Face Recognition and Style Transfer).  There were errors in instructions and grader solution wouldn't match solution expected in the notebook. The only way to figure out how to pass the assignments was to dig into forum posts where information was provided in a haphazard way.
Great course. It has all the main state-of-the-art approaches. I just missed dealing with 3D data (RGB-D and point clouds). I believe the programming assignments get better as the course progresses because they get more demanding.This is a great overview course. I suggest anyone interested in deep learning vision to start with this course and then move on to implement a CNN in tensor flow form scratch using one of many tutorials online.Thank to the team for this great course!Best regards,
A lot of quality content in this course. The first half focuses on the intuition behind ConvNets and their implementation, while the second half focuses on applications. I thought that the neural style transfer application was particularly enjoyable. My only suggestion for improvement is to let the students do more work in the assignments for the last two weeks. I feel that most of the code in these assignments was black boxed, and I got to implement a minimal portion of the algorithms.
As with all the other courses by Andrew Ng, pacing and presentation are perfect. Learning this material is highly rewarding. Programming assignments are clear and accessible, although a little bit more thorough introduction in the use of Keras and Tensorflow wouldn't hurt in some cases. I found myself pretty deep in the documentation of both libraries - although that might be part of the intended learning process. Highly recommended! - Thanks to professor Ng for making this available
This course is still amazing. Finally understood what CNN's are for and how to use them. This is the first time in deeplearning.ai specialization that I had to consult the forums. by far implementing in low level code convolutions  (first asignment) was the most difficult part. Spent more time then with the other courses but it was time well spent. Again Andrew NG delivers a good course.The minor editing problems in videos are the only issue that might be raised with this course .
The entire course is great, from the lectures by Andrew Ng, to the homework assignments, and the TA's help on the forums.  The really terrible part of the course is the coursera grader, which I had to hack for 3+ hours just to pass an assignment.  I dont wanna dink the review for this because the class itself is wonderful.  But please fix those technical issues.  So the 5 stars come from averaging 10 stars from the course itself, and 0 star for coursera technical issues.  :-)
This is an excellent course in which Professor Andrew Ng explains the concepts of convolution, pooling and convolutional neural networks very well. Also the various advanced convolutional network architectures and various applications in computer vision are discussed in an excellent manner along with references to the research papers on which the content is based. The programming assignments are also excellent and really help you learn the principal concepts and techniques.
Before taking this course, I thought computer vision had a difficult learning curve. After taking it, I found that many difficulty materials are omitted so that I could learn without too much pressure. While I could still look into algorithm details because many papers are recommended. The programming assignments cost me a little more time than the previous courses, but bring so much more fun! I felt quite proud of myself when I successfully built the CNN in my assignments.
Thanks to Andrew Ng and team for putting together great content around Convolutional Neural Network. This is a fairly complex course, I needed to go beyond content provided in this course, specifically around understanding dimensions resulting from a convolution operation applied on an input image. This could be because it is hard to imagine a 4-d object. Otherwise, good content put together, assignments are good and useful starting point for projects in actual practice
This course was one of the better ones in the specialization. I enjoyed it very much. The assignments are a bit more practical, and require some thought while debugging. Although some TensorFlow experience from Course 2 is expected and useful, this course requires some additional reading of the TF and Keras manuals. My only suggestion to the development team would be that they improve the NST assignment's introduction of TF methods like assign() and InteractiveSession.
It's an exciting course. I find very interesting to learn object detection, facial expression and face recognition. The concept of neural style transfer is easy to understand and funny to generate image to absorb the style from another image. The explanation is useful. One improvement is some assignments only import the trained models with extra source code. It would be better for students to build by themselves to go through the whole model development step by step.
Very intricately explained course! Prof. Andrew has gone the extra mile here, making sure that the basics of CNNs have been imbibed thoroughly. Kudos to the programming assignments - They're undoubtedly the toughest of all the former deeplearning.ai courses. Use the discussion forums to help get subtle hints. I now feel that I can read CNN-related papers and even work on CNN applications. Plus, you learn how to implement Neural Style Transfer (DeepDream) here!
CNN is a tough topic to fully demonstrate. From my perspective, the lecturer simply offer an intuitive introduction and pick up some notable variant like ResNet, and illustrate the main ideas through delicately chosen case studies. That's somewhat "clever", I think. Maybe that's not appropriate, but I mean that it's friendly to a fresh learner but far from detailed and enlightening for an advanced learner. Anyway, I get to dive deeper into this field myself.
As in every class taught by him, Professor Andrew Ng makes Deep Learning concepts and applications accessible. His clear explanations during the videos lead from learning the foundations to implementing modern-architecture Convolutional Neural Networks. He provides additional information about whether certain techniques are currently utilized in research and production which bring an important relevancy to the material. Thank you for offering this course.
Great intro to CNNs, how they work, how to use them and the types of problems they are good at solving. I'm glad Prof Andrew Ng touched on more advanced topics such as image detection, localisation and face verification/detection and how CNNs can be applied to such use-cases. The programming problems were challenging but not overwhelming, as long as one is willing to spend some time to understand the concepts presented and explained in the lectures.
Great course! Gives a great boost in understanding of deep learning usage while solving computer vision tasks. Different ConvNet architectures, their application, state of the art algorithms are explained in detail. Sometimes there were issues while solving programming assingments, specially at the last week, but I truly appreciate deeplearning.ai work that gives everyone the ability to learn about this things very effectively. So 5 for this course.
The course gives the basic understanding of convolutional neural network in a lucid manner.Every concept is very nicely explained. I was having some confusion with yolo algorithm which got cleared.Also Neural Style transfer and Face verification using Siamese network were the two which I haven't heard before  were very interesting. The assignments are awesome where how yolo and neural style transfer works made my concepts clear to a lot of extent.
Great introduction into some of the recent and cutting edge work in the field of computer vision.  The course's mathematical focus is good to understand the mechanics behind the use cases at the same time I liked the intuition about the steps in the process were shared from time to time for better context. Would have loved to get hands dirty on training models or tuning hyper-parameters - but understand it would need additional resources GPU etc.
Excellent Course. It has given me an immense insight into CNN and its practical applications. I have become that much more knowledgeable thanks to this course and its contents. Sincerely appreciate the concerted efforts of the team to lucidly explain the nuances of various concepts and at the same time provide ample opportunities to the trainees on hone their skills on practical aspects of implementing the algorithms. Kudos of all stake-holders.
Another fantastic course from Dr. Ng. In addition to object classification/recognition (which class does the object belong to?) this course should get you started with object detection (where in the picture is/are this object/s?). This course does not cover single or multiple instance semantic segmentation. Take this course (much of the coding is from scratch) & then go look at examples from your favorite API (Keras, TensorFlow, PyTorch, etc).
There is a dedication, from the professor and the team, to teach you the most recent developments, without skipping important introductory level concepts. Having a grasp on the Imagenet winning architectures was really rewarding. The only down side was the YOLO algorithm assignment, because the notebook was a little confusing and disorganized, but you ca get the key ideas from it. All in all, it was my favorite course on this specialization.
This is the best course for those who are serious about Deep Learning and computer vision. Some of the features of the course are Well Arranged, Simple, give a deep understanding of the mechanism, etc. We will learn Image processing, Image detection, Object detection, Face recognition and face detection through this course. Weekly assignments in the course give hand-o experience with the popular deep learning frameworks and neural networks.
Prior courses are almost all covered in the Stanford Machine Learning Course, which is free. If you don't want to waste time going through what the Stanford Machine Learning Course can offer, then this is the point to start to subscribe. Though it estimates 4 weeks of learning is needed, you can probably finish this course in a week. Assignments on CovNets and ResNets written in Tensorflow and Keras are mostly very good and very useful.
This is a really comprehensive course by professor Andrew Ng. He dove down to even the smallest details, you'll realize this when you listen to the lectures carefully. Make notes of each lecture as it's a long course and there are lots of terminologies in which you could easily lose yourself, stranded somewhere in between lectures having no clue what he's talking about. All-in-all, it's easily one of the best courses I've done on CNNs.
Course was so helpful to understand concepts of conv nets. Also i like that Prof. Ng prepared the course with related successful papers of conv net world.One thing that i'm not happy is Coursera's Jupyter Notebook hub which I usually have problem with user authentication. Because of that I saved notebooks to my local machine, worked locally, and after completing it pasted my answers to notebook. I hope problems will be fixed soon.
Extremely well done. Great balance between hand holding/help from the forums and effort in learning. I certainly appreciate the fact that after the course, you are ready to run in the real world working on AI endeavors.  They also use all the most recent and up-to-date tools en development environments like Python notebooks, Keras and Tensorflow which makes you immediately proficient working in AI projects.  Kudos to the team !
This is an excellent course and so far gives best understanding of convoluitonal Network and how it works. But the grading issues needs to be resolved. One thing I specially like about andrew NG courses is how it explains the basics and how algorithms are written from scratch for better understanding. Would be good if we could do the same for YOLO and Facenet.However the assignments are well designed for good understanding.
The course is very interesting but we will have to practice after all that and go through the github codes in detail!
I found the professor Andrew is very clear in his explanations, especially in his desire to visualize what there is behind this complex models.
On the other hand I found the part on the Yolo model a little less well explained especially with regard to the anchor boxes. But I'm going to dig deeper into this.
Probably the best course in the specialization and the best course online on ConvNets! Very engaging and interesting assignments, which cover advanced topics in an approachable manner. teaches current technologies (Keras, TensorFlow). The course goes into some of the math but doesn't get bogged down in it. The course includes recent developments in ConvNets such as the YOLO algorithm, Neural style transfer, and FaceNet.
Hey,There are lot of things are happening in computer vision field and this course helped me in understanding the concept like convolution and their use in computer vision field. Practical advice like using existing open-source implementation or existing network architecture are really helpful.Overall this course equipped me to understand the CNN and it's practical application in computer vision field.ThanksVipul Shaily
Some exercises very interesting, especially the last week. Why transpose was required made me reflect on the first course's content that dimensions matching will be a very useful technique to debug. Some highlights were the need for the convolution and how it reduces the complexity. The pace of the videos was good and details were very well explained (along with references which encourages to explore more on interest).
Andrew and his teaching assistants made difficult course easy to understand. This is not trivial at all. The exams not only tested students' knowledge but also provide hands on experience on real models, which should be very handy when students want to implement their own AI solutions by themselves later on. Andrew is certainly an excellent teacher and an outstanding AI ambassador, besides being a pioneer in the field!
You will go deep into image recognition and image processing related to deep learning. As this course show how to use pre-trained model, I should expect to get a model-hub (like docker-hub) like somewhere... but no.Also I'm not sure to be able to do the exercice outside the notebook, because there is a lot of 'import' and libs to make work.  An 'annexe'/'optional' course on how to setup environnement could be nice.
Superb course structure, the assignments beautifully complement the lectures and the amount of guidance makes it easy even for someone not too acquainted with programming. As a suggestion would have liked slightly organized detailed presentations which would help in reviewing the course material later by glancing through rather than going through the lectures. Over all an awesome course with great learning. Thanks
De-mystified sophisticated topics as always. Thru this course, I get a good understanding of the concept and basic building blocks of CNN, and the idea behind object localization, face recognition, neural style transfer. After this course, I feel there is still a big gap between understanding the concepts and using them in the real world. Will move on to the tensorflow specialization to get more hands-on practice.
The lectures, quizzes and assignments are designed to help you to understand the topics, not to penalize you. Real-life applications really help me to understand the concepts and the underlying principles. Only one minor issue that I think needs to be addressed - the use of older version of TensorFlow. The latest TensorFlow is not backward compatible and causes major issue when I tried to run the codes locally.
Excellent course with sufficient detail to become instantaneously productive, but at same time more deeper appreciation of internals that must be mastered when beginning designs don't work. Good launch point for learning new DNNs that are part of open source. Much better than Tensor Flow courses that just want you to know how to use the tool. I am ready to tackle my application which is wireless communications.
This course is a wonderful journey for me. I can certainly apply CNN skills into some of very interesting fields. I have already begun to experience other styles to argument my son's photo. It is a great fun. The facial recognition technique is great to learn. I'm living in China now. Chinese government applies the FR into many public CCTV. It is interesting to observe how they are using it (to say the least :)
An incredible course about "Convolutional Neural Networks" and related applications to image data. A complete and in-depth course concerning the most important concepts and algorithms about Computer Vision. Furthermore, a fun implementation section which enables youto to create exciting applications ranging from safe autonomous driving, to accurate face recognition, to automatic reading of radiology images.
Very well structured and informative course. Got to learn plenty of new things, as well as an intuitive understanding of ubiquitous applications like face recognition. The only downside is that for learners not having a hold of frameworks like Tensorflow, the assignments can be a little challenging to tackle. Nonetheless, it helped me glean a very comprehensive understanding of CNNs. Keep up the good work.
This is a great series of courses.  He made things really clear and easy to understand.  The assignments examples are so clear and neat.  I actually used many assignments as a building block of my machine learning projects in production.  I really hope that Dr Andrew Ng will give another series of courses about machine learning again, especially in the reinforcement learning area and the latest technology.
I learned a lot from this CNN course, notations, algorithms, tensorflow and keras application. I would strongly recommand to learn this course. It made me think a lot smart applications in daily life and know better about what artifical intelligence is. Of course this is far more than enough, and I will keep learning the related knowledge and reading more about NN. Thanks a lot for the excellent tutorial!
This course is almost perfect. It gives all the intuition that one might need about ConvNets and it introduces you to the most exciting papers in the field gently and in a fun way. However, in my personal opinion backpropagation of ConvNets should be treated in more details even if that requires some mathematical rigor. One more argument to this is that it can always be made an optional video/assignment.
Excellent course! One of the best courses on ConvNet; it is rigorous and yet fun because of the broad range of projects - from Object Detection to Face Recognition / Face Verification and Neural Style Transfer. Andrew Ng's hallmark is his rigorous and thorough instructions from first principles. I would highly recommend this course to anyone looking to dive deeper into deep learning and computer vision!
This can be like the journey where you start as an acquaintance to the CNN's and end as an intimate friend. The excellent thing about this particular course is that it'll introduce you to the seminal computer vision papers and Prof. Ng will also guide as to the difficulty level of the papers. Another amazing learning opportunity is the case study.  The text is already online, but the learning is here!
Loved it but just as others have noted, programming exercises could have more comments about what we are doing because I had to spend lots of time trying to figure out what the task wants me to do. In addition, many links provided in comments about tensorflow documentation don't work. But as I said, this course was amazing because it helped me to understand many important things about CNN. Thank you.
This is just exceptional. Making cutting edge research accessible to learners. Making tough concepts available and understandable to beginner/intermediate students is hard enough, but Andrew makes it look easy. Some optional assignments where learners do everything from scratch would be good preparation for the real world - maybe this can be part of a capstone added at the end of this specialization.
Some teach so that you understand that they understand. Others teach so that you understand. Andrew Ng belongs to the latter category. The course presents detailed overview of convolutional neural network with concepts ranging from 1D, 2D and 3D convolution, through max and average pooling, to style transfer. All concepts are carefully explained, with great illustrations and easy to follow examples.
Course was great (as expected, Andrew is a terrific lecturer) - but it has a couple of problems: * There are several errors that are pointed out, but sould be fixed in the lecture * The exercises should use a more recent (ideally current) version of tensorflow  * You need to provide a utility that allows students to download ALL of the material involved (even imagedata that is accessible by links)
this course taught me the intuition and application Convolutional Neural Networks in the field of computer vision , Face recognition, face verification and Neural style transfer. I am very much intrigued to learn apply face recognition model into my project this helped me to understand papers and the explanation of Andrew is wonderful the advises he give really helps use while building projects.
This was a very decent exploration of how Convolutional Neural Networks are used to solve various computer vision problems.  The one complaint I have is that I wish the course wouldn't assume so much familiarity with Tensorflow and Keras frameworks in the assignments.  The brief exposure to these frameworks earlier in the coursework is hardly sufficient to prepare one for the later assignments.
Great course, the best CNN explanations I've seen so far on the internet. After finishing the course I have much more deeper understanding of convolutions. It is very helpful that we must code convolution neural network by hands with numpy as it greatly helps to understand the problem. The state-of-the-art examples are very interesting and helpful also. Loved to see Keras and tensorflow here.
Definitely 5+ stars. You got some much precious experience to implement those start-of-the-art deep learning applications with so much detailed explanation, supportive peer learners. It's really impossible for anywhere else to provide you this package to learn CNN, INN, YOLO, NST, FaceNet and so on so forth. I'm so grateful for the heart the teaching team pours into this course. Thank you.
As in all the previous courses in this specializations, Andrew Ng teaches the basics of neural networks in a clear, easy to understand manner. The programming exercises give nice hands-on examples of how you can apply the models described in the lecture, teaching both how to program the algorithms from scratch, and how to use higher level packages like keras and tensorflow. Great course!
This was my favorite class of the specialization so far. We've finally built up to the point where we can do some of the sexy things deep learning is known for. I have to say, I'm getting sick of having to submit every assignment 2 or 3 times and waiting for up to 2 hours to see if I passed because the Coursera grader doesn't want to work properly, but that isn't the instructor's fault.
Amazing course, with careful explanations and intuitions for every algorithm. Beyond explaining greatly what are Convolutional Neural Networks, the course uses recent research papers to go through high level algorithms for face recognition and presented really nice applications such as Neural Style Transfer. I'd like to really thank the instructors for delivering this amazing course.
Another wonderful course in this specialization. The course covers many important topics in the field of Deep Learning such as CNN architecture and models, ResNets, Object Detection, Face Recognition, Neural Style Transfer and even a tutorial on the popular DL library Keras. The programming exercises and fun to complete and the course content is top-notch as always from Prof. Andrew.
Awesome CNNs course! I don't know why so many bad reviews, the grader doesn't fail if you follow the instructions (grade your assigment when you are asked!...tensorflow can only run one session so if you try to overwrite your model session with the teacher example session, grader will fail...tensorflow fault not this course) Would have love some GAN Week 5 Neural Style Generation :D
Programming exercises need to made really with right structure as the YOLO one was very poor. Problems are very easy and makes this course very simple. We need to incorporate right amount of programming along with concepts, make it tough and train us also really well in the ideas. Concepts are absolutely fine, it takes the slow pace to make us understand deeper ideas and intuitions.
Excellent course with many hands on examples and filled with important resources on CNN architectures and other best practices. There are many optional reading material that I'm sure to come back too. The only thing missing was a little more insight on backpropagation on CNNs, although an example of it is given in a coding example. This is a course I will be coming back to for sure!
The best part about the course is the focus on understanding the basics. It takes time and effort to learn and follow through the lectures but once you understand the basics clearly, everything else becomes so much easy to understand. Not like some of the courses out there which push you into advanced coding from day 1 and then move backwards to basics, this course is so much better
Really amazing and in-depth course. There is no better course than this to uncover the secrets of Deep Learning in the field of Computer Vision and how to easily utilize, improve and develop these systems. I am truly impressed by the content and by the knowledge I have gained and I doubt any university or other course can match up to Andrew's level of knowledge and teaching method.
This course was awesome -- albeit pretty hard. I understood most of the concepts when learning them, but it was easy to forget a lot of the implementational details and such. Dr. Ng does such a good job, nevertheless, both presenting the material (which is straight out of cutting-edge papers) and also offering tips for actual implementation. I plan to make an app after this course.
Cours trs intressant et d'un niveau bien suprieur aux 3 modules prcdents. J'ai vraiment du rflchir sur de nombreux exercices de programmation pour arriver  mes fins. Merci beaucoup !Very interesting courses. The difficulty level is very higher than the 3 previous courses. I really had to think everything twice on the programming assignments before submitting. Thanks a lot !
i can't believe i learned so much, can read complex equations and translate them .. it's like a condensed math specialty mixed with learning real-world utilities and tools .. hey, i know from this course how to quickly and (almost) effortlessly prototype recurrent and other deep networks, how cool is that? because of this course i also became a contributor to Keras! yay for me :)
I have become a great fun of deeplearning.ai and Andrew Ng. Thanks a lot of great high quality materials. Going through the specialization I'm falling in love with Deep Learning. I believe historically, deep learning, and especially ConvNets related papers are usually pretty hard to comprehend by simply reading them. This course made it so much more simpler, it is unbelievable.
Lots of new concepts in this course. I liked the literature review sections and the fact that Andrew starts to show you when it makes sense to pull someone else's model down and use that rather than building something from scratch. The programming exercises were also pretty good - I had to think in a number of places though they are still a little too structured for my liking.
A great course providing in-depth theoretical understanding of Convolutional Neural Networks and state of the art model architectures for various Computer Vision tasks. I have been doing Machine Learning from past one and a half years but the course content still gave me wealth of knowledge in a structured format that I yearned for so long. Thanks Prof Andrew and the team! :)
best course in world or unvierse to understand the basics and complex details of convolutional neural network .i would give an oscar for this course . I was so woried about the complex diagrams that i saw in internet about CNN but this course made it look very easy i was totally suprised how complex details were explained in simple manner .I would recommend this to everone .
This course covers lot more material and it is more application oriented compared to last three courses. I had to spend lot more time and effort for this one. Also, there are some bugs during submission of the assignments. There is enough discussion about those but I hope Coursera takes care of those in the near future. Nevertheless, I always enjoy Prof. Ng's lucid lectures.
This course was something different. Earlier when I started The Deep Learning Specialization, I was not interested in any particular application of Deep Learning, but this course gave developed interest in CNNs, so much so I'm seriously considering and planning to pursue my master's in Data Science. I wanna thank Andrew Ng for such great lectures, he has truly inspired me.
This course has given me everything that one can expect to learn from the field of Image processing models like CNNs, Deep Convolutional Models like Inception, VGG-16, VGG-19, ResNets, etc. Other topics were also learned that included me applying these concepts into real-world applications like the neural style transfer as well as the object detection and face recognition.
The teaching style of Dr Ng is excellent as usual. He is able to take a complex topic and make it easy to understand. I found this course more challenging than the others in this specialization. It does require a bit of tenacity in order to finish the assignments. This is usual when coding. So don't give up and be sure to search the discussion forum when you hit a barrier.
I am really appreciating this specialization. The only thing that I would change is maybe focusing less on the matricial operations required e.g. in the loss function computation, and more on how to use Keras/TF at a higher level; at the moment, it would still take me a lot of time figuring out how to build a nn from scratch, or use an existing one, with these frameworks.
Very good in-depth coverage of conv NN.Just one little thing, week 4 Notebook assignments:In style transfer code is not well explained how the train is actually working. In this case the input is set as a Variable instead of a Placeholder and this aspect is not mentioned or explainedIn face recognition I still don't know how triple loss function is used during training
This course was the best I have ever taken. It gave me a big boost to carry my PhD research in robot vision with confidence of understanding what is happening all over the network and comprehension of one of the pioneer papers published in discussed in classes. Coding directly after finishing each week was the best to go to practice and apply all this knowledge gained.
Quite lucid and good introduction  to CNN  for beginners to intermediate level. I specially liked the links and discussions about different papers along the course that Andrew recommends to read. For some who has just hear about CNN, but knows about basic NN, this is  a really good course to learn main things super fast and then proceed into their own personal topics.
Amazing course with clear explanations of how CNN works. Andrew gives you intuition and understanding of convolutions, pulling, padding, and explains the foundations in great detail, so you can understand state-of-art approaches and are ready to get hands on it. Thanks to the assignments' structure, you don't ever have to waste time on debugging irrelevant issues.
I love this course. I only wish there was an opportunity to go step by step from looking at  images, creating the dataset from the images, creating labels, applying a model, and then testing. This would help to answer a few questions that I have. However, when I read the papers recommended, I assume many of those questions will be answered, such as : why max pool?
Best course on deep learning for computer vision! Convolutional networks can be tricky to understand, but Andrew has presented the material in a very easy to understand format. He starts with simple ideas and concepts and then build on them in an intuitive manner. Highly recommended course for anyone who wants to understand the deep convolutional neural networks.
Excellent course. Time well spent.Simple explanations of difficult concepts.I was able to download yolo v2 in pytorch, reconfigure it to use CPU on my Mac, and get it running on my webcam in 1h after completing Week3 assignment.Told all my friends how awesome the course is.Keep up the fantastic work.Super stoked for part 5!!! and learning GANs and RI afterwards.
The best course on Convolutional neural network I ever had! This course packs in a lot of information delivered in a very effective way. A glimpse into the development of various CNNs gradually builds up into state-of the-art implementations of very deep CNNs. The coding exercises gives the right amount of exposure to the frameworks and tools used in the field.
Great course from Andrew Ng, as always. The videos are superb in explaining some of the more recent algorithms and trends. And they provide good intuition on how to use them in your own work. The only (minor) remark is that the exercises might not be that challenging for those that already have done some ML programming in the past. But overall still 5 stars!!!
I was always curious about the "CNN" concept every time it emerged in the news. Thanks to Prof. Andrew's mild explanation, now I get a straight intuition into it!The assignments were very amusing in this section. It was not hard to get a pass with the help of forums, but understanding every step is more important I think. So I will come back to practice more.
This is the best course for beginners as well as intermediates, to learn from basics and scratch up to the advanced of CNN. In this course, the fundamentals as well as all different CNN architecture and Face validation, recognition and neural style transfer has been covered and explained in very easy language.Thank you Andrew Ng for such an amazing Course!!!
Again a great course by Andrew Ng and his great team. Convolutional neural networks are the reason for the recent Deep Learning revolution or let's say better renaissance. Andrew does a great job in explaining the theory, math and application fields of CNNs while also telling about the history of recent advances in CNN algorithms and architectures.Great job!
As in previous courses, Andrew made understandable complex and abstract content. This course is by far more challenging than the 3 previous ones. Maybe not at the assignments as we make use of facilitating frameworks and helper functions, but to really follow what is happening behind... its another level compared to previous courses on the specialization.
Great overall course, keep teaching please ! I learnt a lot. I have a Ms degree in Machine Learning but we didnt had the time to really learn about Deep Learning. I feel it was a great introduction to the field and I feel confortable now to get more in details about everything and read papers etc.So thanks for that, and I can't wait for part 5 about RNN
HiThis was a really good course to see mini projects getting executed. It gave quite a lot of practical insights working on the problems. The only issue was that week 4 assignments had some bugs in code comments due to which people spend quite a lot of time debugging causing unwanted waste of tine and frustration. Please correct the errors. Regards, PMK
nice program to learn about convolutional neural works. I always fascinated about convolutional networks and this course gives me the very nice introduction and sort of in-depth knowledge and first hand programming knowledge in this area. The instruction and nice and start from easy and slowly get you into the deep knowledge. Great course and nice work.
This course covers the basics of convolutional neural networks. After you understand the materials covered in this course, you'll know how smart phone cameras auto focus on faces. You'll also learn the basic building blocks that powers self-driving technology. These are just two of the many cool concepts you'll learn in this course. Highly recommended!
The programming exercises require much more attention than you think it does. Although it's required to only fill in the code in specific areas and not too much either, the foreword before each code section must be studied carefully if you are to build your own convnet. The video lectures are pretty straight forward, so there's nothing to worry about.
Just like the other courses in this series, this course was prepared with great care to optimize the learning outcome. Clear and motivating lectures, great selection of up-to-date methods and very illustrative examples. I would like to thank Prof. Andrew Ng and all the course staff most sincerely for designing and making available these great courses.
Very good learning experience. Prof. Ng gave a lot of insights about not only the CNN frameworks but also some real world working experience and hints which were very informative.  For this one , I had very heavy work load during learning, I recommend people take it in a continuous manner, this helps you understand and connect every knowledge nodes.
Excellent Course!! By doing the this course I am now feeling very confident in CNN. This course is very important for all whether they may or may not work in CNN/images. This fundamental learnt here can be used in other domains of deep learning.Thank you deeplearning.ai Team for proving this wonderful course.  It has opened new opportunities for me.
This is a very good course to get to know the basic concepts of CNN and to start hands-on programming to implement CNN. Andrew's lecture gives very clear explanation of the principles of CNN, as well as introduction to state-of-the-art example network structures. The exercises help to build essential skills to program CNN using TensorFlow and Keras.
I have really learned a lot from taking this course. During the course you will be exposed to the state of art deep learning architectures by understanding the theory behind them in lectures and then you will get to implement them in the assignments. I have taken the first three courses and I think that definitely this course is by far the best one.
The course was simply great. It starts from the real basics of Convolutions, gives you all the needed theoretical background, then starts to focus on real-life scenarios. Also worth mentioning that is not a piece of cake. The given assignments are not easy in general, but after completing those the benefit will be more than clear. 100% recommended!
Although this course was a bit difficult compared to the previous one, it was more informative and taught a lot of real-life applications of CNN and Deep Learning. The assignments of Week3 and 4 involved pre-trained models. Explanations of them were not given but links to where we could learn about these models were given. Overall a great course.
I was scared of CNN and thought that it's quite overwhelming to learn such new concepts like Residual Network, YOLO, Face recognition. This course helped me in understanding these algorithms intuitively and practically. I loved watching videos and will watch in the future as well to revise the concepts I learned. Thanks to Coursera and Andrew Ng.
I enjoyed this course. I learned a lot about Convolutional Networks and the assignments were very fun to complete. The assignments are difficult enough to lay the groundwork for the subject - but you definitely need to take your time to understand and probably run experiments on your own.I loved the ResNet, YOLO, and Face Recognition assignments.
This course was amazing and interesting. The tutorials and quizzes were great. But I was looking for the implementation of CNN from scratch without using tensorflow.Rest as mentioned this was an amazing course. Now, I have a better understanding of YOLO algorithm, face recognition, Neural style transfer. Thanks to Andrew and the rest of the team!
Learned some interesting concepts about different state-of-art ConvNets. Although I was hoping that in Face Recognition Programming exercise there would be some code implementation exercise or example about one-shot learning and Siamese network, it would have been perfect. Nonetheless, very nice structured course to learn intuitions intuitively.
The Way Prof. Andrew explains things, taking us from simple stuff to the complex conclusions by ourselves making it so much easier and convincing! The course content was great and assignments were fun, I like that in the end of each assignment there is always a cell that's like a "playing ground" allowing you try and test the models you created.
This course is good from both the perspective: Research and Development. This course involves many real life applications which will help us to understand the real life problems and also will help in tacking such problems. So, I would strongly suggest to go for this course which builds the fundamental for computer vision and pattern recognition.
This was by far the most engaging and fun course in the entire specialisation.I guess as the concepts build up the tasks get more interesting and exciting.Their was a ton of content in this course , you need a very sound and solid background of the previous courses in this specialisation to get a firm hold of the concepts taught in this course.
This is very good course. From here you can learn so many things, start by learn basic convolutional operation, intro to some of ConvNet architecture like Inception, Residual block etc. And the most important thing is you can applied your knowledge to build some use case systems like object detection, neural style transfer, and face recognition
As a beginner I have learnt a lot of topics with good clarity. Assignments have given me good understanding of the topics learnt.I think the assignments should some more difficult and students should be able to spend some more time understanding the code and writing code of their own.Thank you very much for making learning affordable and easy.
The libraries needed such as tensorflow, might need to better support (a special segment on them beyond the overview). Those models are complex and deep and using those libraries wasn't clear to me even though I managed to get the solutions, I needed time to study those libraries and they are rich and complex. I enjoyed the  course immensely.
Fantastic course about Convolutional Neural Networks! For me the best part of the course (and the specialization, too) is the assignment. You could hardly find a similar friendly, supported and easy-to-follow homework elsewhere in the world, even in some universities. Thanks to Andrew,  and thanks to all teaching assistants in the community!
All are pretty good! Except for the low speed while running the training process which I think have in fact hurt the course's completeness. Because we have skipped many important training processes and instead use pretrained models to save time. I suggest maybe we can collaborate with Google and put the programming assignments on the Colab.
Another amazing course from Prof Andrew and his colleagues. I've had a very exciting time to get to know about various CNN architectures, as well as to be able to implement, even just small part of them, and to make them work in practice. Thanks deeplearning.ai team a lot and look forward to seeing other courses from you in the near future.
Awesome Course...You have gone out of your way to make the programming exercise simple enough for beginners to get a taste of very recent algorithms. thank you for your effort. I really loved the course. And it has given me enough to get me interested in and capable of following Computer Vision literature on my own with greater confidence.
Wonderfully designed course for beginners to know all about CNNs. Even experienced professionals can have all their concepts cleared not only in CNNs, but also in YOLO and it's applications in object detection. Thank you very much Coursera Team for all your efforts in making this course accessible to thousands of aspiring data scientists.
Your courses are really great. I love the simplicity of the explanations followed by very advanced notebooks. Thnak you very much for your work. I appreciate a lot ! Maybe one observation. Personnaly I find the notebooks too guided and easy. Maybe you could write less in the notebooks and more links like you do with Hints. Thanks again
This course helped me to learn in detail about convolutional neural networks. I have heard of CNN, but this is the first time I am trying it out myself. It's interesting and fun to learn. I'm planning to do more projects using the ideas learned from this course. I highly recommend this course to any aspiring machine learning student.
An amazing course! Not only does the course covers seminal work in the area of deep learning related to image processing but it shares valuable insights into problem solving and provides hands on experience. If there is a single course that I have to recommend to anyone related to deep learning for image processing, this would be it.
The lectures were excellent and helped me understand the key elements of convolutional neural networks. I enjoyed coding the assignments and building foundation knowledge for building real-world AI applications. Thanks to the very strong foundation ,I am able to read and interpret many of the real world   AI experts' blog and views.
This is really a superb course.  Andrew Ng has the ability to clearly explicate the complexities of convolutional networks.  The coverage of topics such as residual networks, face recognition, Yolo, and neural style transfer are both intriguing and informative. I found the programming assignments challenging, but deeply instructive.
a really nice class. I learned different techiques like CNN, YOLO, and used them to do face recognition, style transfering.... This calss is comprehensive. I need repeating many time before I can really master all of them. Thanks for the instructors, and all the people who have contributed to this calss. I've really learned a lot.
Thank you for the course and I really like it. Learn a lot and I made few teaching sessions of DeepLearning algorithm for Women Who Code, where I am mentor in leadership group. I clarified many things for myself during the course, I very grateful for the amazing knowledge and experience! I will recommend this course to colleagues.
I appreciate the way professor Ng made the Convolutional Neural Networks concepts and architectures easy to understand.  This course gave a very good overview and professor Ng presented the intuition behind the concepts as usual.  The programming assignments are also a good mix of under-the-hood and high-level application of CNN.
A good course, i feel like it only grasps the surface of the subject, but very good, feels way too easy should remove the rails because it feels way too streamlined and gives you very little room to wiggle, but the video content was very good and gives you the tools to understand the papers and the investigation on the subjects.
As EXCELLENT as other courses in deep learning specialization.Must do progamming assignment by yourself to get hands-on experience and deeper understanding of what you learned from lectures.I would like to express my sincere appreciation to Prof. Ng and all staffs who prepared this excellent course and programming assignments.
A great course!! The content was very deep and it was presented to us some important CNN. For me, for this course be better, it needs a final project, but I can understand due to the large amount of content. But, in general it is a great course, maybe the best available on the internet. Thanks Coursera, thanks DeepLearning.ai.
This is a great intro to deep learning/AI course. Professor Ng has a way to explain things in a way that is super easy to understand. Basic knowledge (college level, but no need to be math/cs major) on linear algebra is required. If you are in science/engineer major, and took any kind of linear algebra class, you will be OK.
Thank you so much Coursera. I have been doing this specialization properly, but suddenly I had an accident which took almost 10 days to become normal. During those time several assignments were overdue, but Coursera extended their assignments deadline twice and helped me complete this course. So once again I thank Coursera.
The CNN is always found as one of the trickier concepts to follow and it was actually very hard for me to figure out what these Conv layers are doing. But this course is so robust and easy to follow that I was even able to read the research papers on advanced CNN architectures with relative ease. Thanks to Andrew and team.
It has been a great journey through learning CNNs it was quite interesting rather than all other courses and I got to know really very new ideas which i can implement in my own models.Once again I want to thanks Andrew Ng and all other teachers of Courseand a special thanks to Coursera for giving me this ample opportunity
Awesome course if you want to understand the basics of CNNs along with recent applications of these algorithmns.  As usual, both Andrew's material and his presentation style kept me both engaged and interested to a point that I got ahead of the weekly schedule...which is probably a good metric in terms of course success
Great course by Andrew Ng sir. It gives us a great insight into many case of studies of state of the art ConvNet. Gives us a lot of intuition about object detection systems in autonomous driving and landmark detection , one shot learning for face recognition and a fun way of applying ConvNets for neural style transfer!
Despite  the confusing bug and server running problem in the last assignment  of happy house ,the course  is  still great . Compare to the other three ones, it's the hardest course for me by now .You may feel  stuck in  some practice questions and program .Worth spending time  to  review the stuffs of the course again
This was the most difficult course I did in this specialization, but I loved it, I loved it very much. Thank you very much dr. Andrew and coursera for the opportunity, I really understand the importance of studying computer vision and this course was very useful in this journey. Thank you very much, I really loved ...
The last 2 courses were delayed, but the positive side for me is that, in the beginning I proceed too fast and didn't learn that well, the delay made me take more time on such a valuable course, carefully reading and memorizing the instructions of assignments. I'm really grateful for Prof. Ng's excellent instructions.
This Course was exceptional and upto mark. I learnt a lot of stuff easily and was able to implement into the real world example. This was really helpful for building up my resume. I thank Andrew Ng and Coursera team for giving financial aid to take up this course. The amount of knowledge gained is so valuable to me.
Awesome. This course was much more dense than the other ones, there is so many areas to review. Since this course is about my favorite subject, I will need to pause and rework on each individual points and associated papers (yolo, nst, similarity learning) which will probably take me weeks... Prof Andrew is the best
I thoroughly enjoyed taking this course. Beautifully designed...Thank you!I had written a detailed review of the first 3 deeplearing.ai courses at : https://medium.com/towards-data-science/thoughts-after-taking-the-deeplearning-ai-courses-8568f132153I will review this CNN course as well, in the form of a blog post.
Great course, provided many clear explanations I has been searching before. The one thing they could improve is that some of the practical exercises seem more focused in the framework than the algorithms.  (I spent more time googling how to pass parameters to specific functions than actually using the algorithms)
Good amount of challenge for after work learning. Nice exposure to different applications of AI. Fun.Andrew Ng is awesome at explaining the concepts. Almost anybody would be able to understand them after he presents them. I also appreciate how genuine he is. You can trust that there is merit to what he tells you.
Another excellent course. Convolutional Neural Networks is no longer a mystery. I like the fact that Andrew doesn't teach this as an academic class but has a very practical approach that can be applied right way. He lets you know the strengths and weakness of each of the NN and gives his personal opinion as well.
It is a great course that covers most part of Convolutional Neural Networks. I have learned a lot from it. Thanks Andrew! Only one suggestion: we have learned dropout and the batch norm in previous courses. Because they are such important tricks, it would be better if you could cover how they can be used in CNN.
Greatest cores for me till now on deep learning. I recommend it for deep learner or computer vision student. The best thing in this course is that it is very practical and up to date, and full of research  papers of algorithms that Google and Facebook currently uses. Thanks a lot Prof Andrew Ng you are the best.
An Excellent Course to make people understand Convolutional Neural Networks in good depth and with ease. The detailed understanding of the major Convolutional models like YOLO and ResNet is like an icing on the cake. I would like to thank Professor Andrew N.G. and his team for developing this wonderful course.
The intuition and examples made this course easy to understand and learn.  I loved how Andrew decomposed current published papers into an easy to understand format.  All of the important points to remember were highlighted without wasting time on the minutia.  Thanks for all the hard work put into the course.
I enjoyed a lot in this course...who wants to know how to build the CNN model...then this course is absolutely for them..they should try 100% this course. this course gives u insights into how to build your CNN model this one is I think the best course for that...thank u  sir for this type of good content...
This course explains the details of CNNs with a great simplicity. It also presents some state of the art CNN architectures with their ideas very clearly. Finally the assignments allow to implement several CNNs and also show how transfer learning is used to perform face recognition and neural style transfer.
One of the most important courses in the Deep Learning Specialization in my opinion. Good content, enjoyed the homework, lots of details for beginners and extra resources for more advance content. Would definitely recommend for anyone interested in working in Machine Learning especially in Computer Vision.
Exceptional Course. Learnt a lot from it. Takes a different approach to teaching than other courses in the sense that more focus is on applications rather than training of models for which a GPU cluster is a must. Thanks Andrew Ng and his team for the wonderful course. Looking forward to sequence models :)
This is the course I enjoyed the most among the Deep Learning Specialization Course threads. Seems very practical to me and I learned a lot about CNN. A few more detailed practice in notebook problems could've made things more interesting. Many thanks to Andrew Ng for making such wonderful lecture videos.
An amazing course to get  an advance knowlege and practise "Convolutional Neural Networks".  Andrew Sir makes the math and concepts behind the scenes very easy to understand. The course is easy to follow as it gradually moves from the basics to more advanced topics, building gradually. Highly recommended.
Professor Andrew is really knowledgeable. The lecture videos he makes are really helpful for me. I really learn a lot from them. Also, the recommended learning materials such as academic paper he recommend are really useful for me if I want to further my learning on the residual network or YOLO algorithm.
Great course by Prof Ng. I had taken his Machine Learning course a 
few years ago, so expected high standards of content and assignment 
preparation - I was not disappointed. Staff is very responsive and 
helpful in forums as well. I highly recommend it. Taken as part of the 
DeepLearning specialization.
Exceptional course taking you into the real world of deep learning by exploring new concepts and classical architectures like LeNet-5, AlexNet, VGG-16, ResNet, R-CNN, YOLO, FaceNet and Style Transfer that propelled deep learning in new heights. Loved every part of it (minus some hiccups with the grader).
The course is just awesome both in terms of content that is being taught in the lectures and the assignments. Though, I think the last week is not that much important for the industry purpose but definitely it is good for those who are interested in non-industrial use of tensor flow and neural networks.
it's a wonderful course to learn CNN. thanks to the Prof. Ng for his excellent teaching. the programming assignment is clearly explained and structured. it is easy for student to follow and understand what they are doing.  I am really enjoyed the learning. again, thank you very much Prof. Andrew Ng !!!
I finally understand YOLO! This course has the best material available on CNNs. Even though I come from a MSc in Computer Vision and Machine Learning, we didn't have enough time to fully cover 'complex' architectures such as YOLO. Thanks to this course I feel more up to date in the Deep Learning field.
Once more Andrew steps up as a brilliant teacher. I'm a biologist looking to improve my data science skills to better tackle medical imaging problems. I'm confident to say Andrew is the reason I'm going to make a difference in low resource communities in the future. Thank you, Andrew, you are awesome.
I really enjoyed this course. I found it pretty approachable. FWIW, I'd taken Andrew's original ML class, but then skipped 1,2, and 3 of the new one (and jumped into 4) The course really holds your hand, so be prepared to force yourself to try some of this on your own to be sure you've understood it.
This course is intended for ML learners who have background knowledge of NNs and want to enhance their scope of knowledge in CNNs. Prof. Andrew has been an amazing instructor. The material used in this course is mostly based on Tensorflow, so make sure to have a bit of prior knowledge in Tensorflow.
I have learnt a lot new things in this course, constructing exciting image/object detection projects with Tensorflow, Keras and even plain Numpy. Also, Andrew well explains many complex network architectures which illustrate various perspectives of the applications of convolutional neural networks.
This course really gets you started working with CNN. The only downside are the "bugs" in the assignments. My advise is to read the discussion forums before you do the assignment to know if there is a bug that you should know of before submitting.Beside this minor bug, the course content is 5 star.
I liked everything about this course ! The instructor was very good at explaining the complex concepts and I really liked the quizzes and programming assignments , they really help brush up the concepts taught in the respective week !!! I would like to thank Andrew Ng for this amazing course !!!
Really enjoyed learning more about the current state of the art of image recognition models. Although the structure needed can be at times overwhelming, the concepts are clear and implementation via open source packages make it feasible. Many thanks for making this available, keep the good work!
Somehow, a bit harder than rest of the courses for me. I had problems with tracking dimensionality and tensorflow notebooks were hard and difficult to debug. I think it would be nice if tensorflow has its own as a course or 2 weeks maybe. But anyway the concepts explanations is great as always!
Excelent course. ConvNets are an eye-opening subject and the course explains the main concepts and applications in a simple way, indicating the source papers to understand better. I'd only ask for a couple of videos explaining in more detail backpropagation and the upload of the missing slides.
great ! It is complex though, don't get fooled by the doable exercises - to really understand you can take several loops.Imagine someone breaks up recent complex research paper into python notebooks for you and you get this delivered like a delicious food - this is how I feel about this class.
This is an excellent course. Although I've got 100%, there are still some details and intuitions need to be figured out. Maybe I will go over it again. And of cause, I'm looking forward for the fifth course. I wish the fifth is not the last course. We still need to know reinforcement learning.
Very informative lectures with simple explanations of what the algorithms are doing. The programming assignments are extremely detailed and well explained. This makes it very efficient and fun to learn the concepts of Conv Nets, Res Nets, the YOLO algorithm and so on in a short period of time.
A great course overall. Ties together the concepts presented in the first 3 courses and does a great job of showing some very practical real life applications - the programming assignments show a wide range of practical applications of deep learning like face recognition, art generation, etc.
