Walking away from this course, I do *not* feel adequately prepared to implement (end-to-end) everything that I've learned. I felt this way after the first course of this series, but even more so now. Yes, I understand the material, but the programming assignments really don't amount to more than "filling in the blanks"--that doesn't really test whether or not I've mastered the material. I understand that this is terribly hard to accomplish through a MOOC, and having taught university-level courses myself, I understand how much effort is involved in doing so in the "real world". In either case, if I'm paying for a course, I expect to have a solid grasp on the material after completing the material, and though you've clearly put effort into assembling the programming exercises, they don't really gauge this on any level. Perhaps it would be worth considering a higher cost of the course in order to justify the level of effort required to put together assessments that genuinely put the student through their paces in order to assure that a "100%" mark genuinely reflects both to you and the learner that they have truly internalized and mastered the material. It seems to me that this would pay off dividends not only for the learner, but also for the you as the entity offering such a certificate.
I can't open week1 assignment initialization, and can't get any help from coursera. I've completed all five courses, but can't get certification without this assignment....
i am doing course in feb and i have been assigned sessions in april. Cant view even assignments or programming assignments before April. Totaly rubbish
The assignments do not reflect what the learning outcome of the material should be
Love the content but unable to reset course when deadlines pass is VERY ANNOYING.
I have a problem in my assignment's submission.Please do rectify the error soon.
The autograder ran into massive technical issues. Needs to be fixed ASAP.
Please change the week 3 programming assignment grader. It doesn't work.
The video material in this class is excellent, as usual. However, I feel that the coding assignments in this series are vastly inadequate. I already felt that there was a lot of "hand holding" in the previous course, but the Tensorflow introduction in this class unfortunately takes things to another level. The assignment, which could be a very valuable exercise to get people acquainted with Tensorflow, amounts to copy and pasting a few lines of code that did not teach me the skills required to approach a problem other than the specific image recognition example given.
I did not think this was a great course, especially since it's paid. The programming assignment notebooks are very buggy and the course mentors are of varying quality. It feels more than a bit unfinished. It also covers two completely different topics - tools for improving deep learning nets and tensorflow - and doesn't make much of an effort to integrate them at all. The course could have used at least one more week of content and assignments to better explain the point of tf.
Course covers the most important parts of hyperparameter tuning, regularization and optimization.As a general remark for this specialization, the exercices do not provide any value. We just have to fill in some lines and submit our work. As I tend to "learn by doing" I had to look for other tutorials and projects on other platforms (Kaggle, MachineLearningMastery's website) in order to complete my learning.
Good course content and clear exposition by Andrew. The course material however is not of a good standard. The slides can be downloaded but after all the hand scribbles by the tutor, they are barely decifrable. Some are just blank pages that need to be filled in with screenshots from of the videos. The assignements are often just a copy and paste exercise, and Jupyter crashes cause frequent loss of work.
The video content is very good to get a good hang of theoretical aspects but the programming assignments are too spoon-fed because of which after doing filling the blanks, you don't feel confident enough to implement the same on your own. Instead the assignments should be changed to cases where instructions are given in words and entire function should be implemented by students.
The TensorFlow part of the course felt out of place and not of the same quality as the previous material. It would have been better if another week was spent using TensorFlow to actually improving a NN and not just copy-paste an example into the assignment. Even after using TensorFlow in the assigment and passing, working with TensorFlow still
In general the course isn't deep enough. There are no summaries of the lectures, there are no excercises during lectures, the programming assignments are very weak, they don't challenge the use of lectures or anything - all necessary data are in the notebooks. All this course will be lost in a week.
The whole tensor flow introduction is weak - it clearly requires further reading, which is fine but totally out of kilter with the videos so far, which have taken things from first principles very clearly.
A technical problem with the grader caused my grade to be artificially lower on the last project.  Although I was instructed to resubmit, the course ended with a lower grade than I should have received.
Not much implementation required of the students.  More testing of the methods would be useful or if the concepts are the focus then this course should be merged into another course in the sequence.
The course material is good but Jupyter notebook interface does not work correctly. You will waste a lot of you precious time fiddling and redoing work that you lose when the notebook fails to save.
could be accomplished in a week. wastes time and doesnt go in sufficient depth. After completion, you will get a 'taste' of optimization techniques, but it is not way comprehensive.
The course was good but there were multiple mistakes in the final programming assignment.  These mistakes were reported in the forums over 4 months ago and have not been addressed.
I find that the programming assignments have a LOT of copy pasta. Also, wasn't enthused to hear that we are using an out of data framework.
Very poor explanations, not correlated with the quitz and exercises. Missing more theoretical material in pdf with some more explanations.
the instructor must give some more detailed explanation of the optimization techniques and hyperparameter tuning
From my point of view this course deserves a bit more time. Too much material rushed through in too little time.
Was way harder than the Course1 and Course2. Should be simplifier on topic la batch norm, expo. weighted avg..
The notebooks of this class are terrible. They should receive more attention so you actually learn something.
There are many errors in the course materials and no one seems willing to fix them.
The programming assignment for week 3 was full of bugs
Could have been a 4 week course
Lectures are good. Quizzes and programming exercises too easy.
As far as the video lectures is concerned, the videos are excellent; it is the same quality as the other courses from the same instructor. This course contains a lot of relevant and useful material, and is worth studying, and complements the first course (and the free ML course very well).The labs, however, are not particularly useful. While it's good that the focus of the labs is applying the actual formulas and algorithms taught, and not really on the mechanical aspects of putting the ideas in actual code, the labs have structured basically all of the "glue" and just leave you to basically translate formulas to the language-specific construct. This makes the lab material so mechanical as to almost take away the benefit.The TensorFlow section was disappointing. It's really difficult to learn much in a 15 minute video lecture, and a lab that basically does everything (and oddly, for some things leaves you looking up the documentation yourself). I didn't get anything out of this lab, other than to get a taste for what it looks like. What makes it even worse is TensorFlow framework uses some different jargon that is not really explained, but the relevant code is almost given to you so it doesn't matter to get the "correct" answer. I finished the lab not feeling like I knew very much about it at all. It would have been far better to either spend more time on this, or basically omit it.As with the first course, it is somewhat disappointing lecture notes are not provided. This would be handy as a reference to refer back to. Still, despite these flaws, there's still a lot of good stuff to be learned. This course could have been much better, though.
The course provides very good insights of the practical aspect of implementing neural networks in general. Prof. Ng, as always, delivered very clear explanation for even the difficult concepts, and I have thoroughly enjoyed every single lecture video.Although I do appreciate very much the efforts put in by the instructors for the programming assignments, I can't help but thinking I could have learnt much more if the instruction were *LESS* detailed and comprehensive. I found myself just "filling in the blank" and following step-by-step instruction without the need to think too much. I'm also slightly disappointed with the practical assignment of Tensorflow where everything is pretty much written out for you, leaving you with less capacity to think and learn from mistakes. All in all, I think the course could have made the programming exercise much more challenging than they are now, and allow students to learn from their mistakes.
programming assignments too easy
TL;DR: lectures are awesome, notebooks are bad.The lectures by Prof. Ng are amazing, comprehensive and intuitive. The prof starts from first principles of simple neural networks and goes onto show concepts like normalization, bias, variance, overfitting, underfitting, regularization, dropout, L1 and L2 regularization, exponentially weighted averages, stochastic, mini batch and batch gradient descent, momentum, RMSprop, Adam optimization, batch normalization and intro to deep learning frameworks. He not only gives the mathematical foundations and code implementations of each concept, but spends a lot of time explaining the intuition behind it, so that we grasp the concept well. It's amazing how he starts from decade old neural networks in the first video, and within 2-3 hours of lecturing, he brings us into the state-of-the-art deep learning models. Thank you Prof. Ng!But the notebooks have many flaws. The lectures don't set you up for the programming needed in the notebooks. The descriptions in the notebooks are lacking proper tutorial in many places, leading the students incompetent for the exercises that follow. Example: Week 3 tensorflow tutorail; the sigmoid function exercise; the description above the exercise doesn't really teach you how to effectively use placeholders and variables. I was confused and had to go through the noisy dicsussion forum. Please fix it, and if you'd really like more constructive criticism from me, contact me yasser.aziz94 (at da rate ov) gee mail dut com. (lol)
I've loved Andrew Ng's other courses, but this course was boring and not well-organized. The lectures were unfocused and they rambled a lot; they're nearly the opposite style of Prof. Ng's other material, which I found extremely well-organized. Most topics could be shortened 33-50% with no of clarity.The course structure itself could use improvement:The first part of Week 3 (Hyperparameter Tuning) belongs in Week 2. The third part of Week 3 (Multi-Class Classification) should be its own week and its own assignment and could really be its own course. This is *THE* problem that almost every "applied" machine learning paper I've read is attempting to solve, whether by deep learning or some other class of algorithms. (Context and full disclosure: I'm a Ph.D. Geophysicist and my research is in seismology and volcanology.)The introduction to TensorFlow needs to explain how objects and data structures work in TF. It really needs to explain the structure and syntax of the feed dictionary.In the programming assignment for Week 3, there are three issues: (a) The correct use of feed_dict in 1.3 is completely new and cannot be guessed from the instructions or the TF website, and it's not clear why we use float32 for Y instead of int64; (b) In 1.4, "tf.one_hot(labels, depth, axis)" should be "tf.one_hot(labels, depth, axis=axis_number)". (c) In 2.1, the expected output for Y should have shape (6,?), not (10,?).
As an old school (80s) software developer I feel uncomfortable about the lack of formal teaching on the structure and principles of TensorFlow. Sure, I can write the code and fly through the programming assignment, I "kind of" get it, but for a thorough engineer, that "kind of" creates a sense of unease. I wish Andrew Ng, being the incredible practical teacher he is with the theory of Machine Learning, would have spent a bit more time reviewing that particularly practical topic of TensorFlow more in depth, because 1h on it would bring much more value than say, understanding the inner working of batch norm, especially to an engineer ready to onboard a new project and start creating. For example, when should you use a placeholder vs a variable and why? Why is there a "name" parameter in the constructor of a variable, when should I make good use for the difference between the name at a tf level and its actual Python variable name? etc... Unlike Matlab or Numpy, TensorFlow looks to me like it could use a bit more theory before practice. Next class? :)
Nice explanation of Adam. Extremely minimal introduction to tensorflow; I felt unprepared to deal with all programming error messages I encountered when using TF. I would have liked to have had more exposure to softmax outputs as well; the multi-class case is new here. My biggest complaint is that there was quite a bit of time spent trying to explain batch normalization and no corresponding programming assignment. Also, in the past I felt I had my hand held a little too much in the programming exercises, whereas when tensorflow was introduced I felt I'd been thrown by that hand into the abyss; the expected output could not help me debug because it seemingly was designed to remind me over and over that tf.Session.run was needed to give value to tf variables. ya... I think you guys have some work to do on this course.
Very mixed feelings about this course. The course title and nearly all (but 20 minutes) of the video content are on the topic of hyperparameter tuning, regularization and optimization of neural nets. This material is excellent. However, the programming assignment for Week 3 is about building a simple model in Tensorflow, with no coverage the rest of the material from the week. It is as if they included the wrong assignment, or just forgot to include the appropriate assignments to practice the actual content of the course. In addition, the Tensorflow intro in the videos and the Tensorflow assignment are not that great an introduction to the concepts behind Tensorflow. There are much better tutorials available on the web, such as from Tensorflow.org and codelabs.developers.google.com
Please update course to use / teach tensorflow 2 syntaxAlso this course... really holds your hands through the programming exercise. The code in each exercise is well organized into separate subfunctions, each of which has its own check, so its already simple enough to debug. But when this is couple with the fact that the instructions basically spell out what lines to put where (and give significant hints as to what functions to use in those lines...) the whole thing is completely trivialized. I think that I at least would have learned much better if I was forced to use man pages etc. to look up the usage of functions, for example.
This course was much less rigorous and theoretically-grounded than the first. There didn't seem to be much justification for any of the techniques presented, which was a stark contrast to the first course.However, the topics are important and useful to know, so I'm glad they were covered. To me, the most useful sections were on softmax regression and deep learning frameworks, which I really enjoyed. The TensorFlow assignment was also interesting and (relative to the others) challenging.I think there is a lot of scope for this course to be improved and I hope Dr Ng and team will do so in the near future.
(+) On the plus side: Andrew is always an excellent lecturer. Also, the python notebooks provided for the assignments are an extremely good guidance for structuring a deep neural network project.(-) On the minus side: this course is rather disappointing compared to Andrew's well-known Machine Learning course on coursera. There is basically no challenge, as assignments (or, I would call them, "tutorials") are *very* guided: they can be completed even with a very shallow understanding of the content. Also, lectures are quite repetitive, and more like a practical cookbook than an actual course.
Nice course, but again, main emphasis on the practical side and 'never mind, you don't need to know the details' approach. Having optional parts where theory about batch-normalization implementation and softmax derivative derivation could be shown - that would be very desirable. Another not so great thing is that final TensorFlow-related practice exercises are too 'quick' in a sense that 99% of the code is written for you and hints are given in such a way that you literally don't even have to use a half of your brain. That is also frustrating, when everything is already done for you.
Some process that was discussed in details in previous courses are mostly omitted in new context. While it is sometimes nice for saving time and focusing on new ideas, I feel like there are sometimes subtleties in them. Like I could not imagine how backward propagation should be implemented in batch norm. I'm not sure if it's because there are really some subtleties that you think it's too tedious and not necessary to introduce in the short video. If it is the case, I still hope you could provide more detailed information about them somewhere, just for curious people like me.
The course builds up on the first course and provides some ideas on how to tune the networks to perform better. However, at the core, I find the number of parameters overwhelming and it appears that by changing the parameters we can get any answer we want. There is no "formal" and mathematical basis for changing the parameters. This is a bit disconcerting. The assignments were trivial. More importantly, at least one assignment appeared to indicate that the results are entirely dependent on weights chosen (at random) on the first iteration. This should not be the case.
Content was good.But the system that checks our submitted our code checks wrongly even when I wrote it correctly.In week 2 assignment, when I submitted the code, it gave many functions as wrong coded. I resubmitted the code after few changes, for instance a+= 2 changes to a = a+2 and string text like 'W' changes to "W". It worked fine and gave 100 points.In short, what I observed is that the code checking system is taking a+=2 and a=a+2 as differently, also 'W' and "W" are considered different, but they are not in actual output.
I thought the content was well-chosen and typically presented clearly. However, unlike the previous course in this specialization, the assignments had an egregious number of typos and missing information. I found these errors confusing and time-consuming. From the staff's forum activity, it looks like they are no longer actively involved in this course. I hope that Coursera will hire someone—an intern would probably be plenty capable—to take this course and carefully fix as many of the errors in it as she or he can find.
This is my third course by Prof. Ng, which I passed all with 100% score track. So far, I gave always 5 stars. This time, however, just three because of (1) weak explanation of the Dropout method (intuition) and (2) missing gradient for the extra gamma parameter (Batch Norm method). It isn't a big deal for the student to derive the gradient. However, I expected Andrew at least to mention that gradient for the back propagation step.All in all I love the teaching style by Prof. Ng and I fully recommend them.
This was an interesting course in that it taught me a lot about hyperparameter tuning and how to improve my models in general. My main issue was that the optimization assignment couldn't open properly due to jupyter notebook issues and I didn't receive any support or direction on the issue. I just stumbled on the solution myself and this significantly messed up with my timelines. I wish there was more support for technical issues as well
The course continues on the same path the previous Deep Learning course has set but I found the use of TensorFlow somewhat limiting. It is a great tool that simplifies the training and running of NNs but it does not allow for easy debugging or for easy looking within the built-in functions to spot problems. I felt that we were treating many tf.functions  as black boxes and I am not so fond of this. Otherwise the course was fairly useful.
too easy. One thing about Week 3 that I want to say, I had some confusions in the lectures but was hopeful that while going through the assignment I will clear out the concepts about tuning Hyper-parameters but instead, the assignment was ALL about tensorflow basics and nothing about tuning Hyper-parameters. I was really disappointed with that!Other than that, course contents are great and worth the time and effort.
Wouldn't recommend because of the very low quality of the assignments, but I don't regret taking them because the content is great. Seriously the quality of deeplearning.ai courses is the lowest I have ever seen! Glitches in videos, wrong assignments (both notebooks and MCQs), and no valuable discussions on the forums.  Too bad Prof Ng couldn't get a competent team to curate his content for him.
The course is good. It covers important ideas, and they are well explained in the videos. However, the formulation of the assignments is sloppy. There are mistakes and inconsistencies, in some cases necessary explanations are missing, and in some cases the instructions are misleading (I suspect the assignment has changed over time, but the instructions have not been consistently updated).
A much sloppier and poorer course than previously. Grading mishaps (on the fault of the grader), a few errors in the lectures (the variance in the normalization), and very basic and unhelpful feedback from staff made for a course that did not live up to the level of the previous one. If at any point you need further help, it is generally unavailable, or difficult to find at best.
I have written this before in the discussions. I feel, there should be assignments to implement everything from scratch. I feel, i can fill in the code, and understand ,most of the mathematical functions, and reasoning, but i am still not confident that i can "CODE" a new problem from scratch. I was really hoping this certification will give me practice to achieve this.
Some exercises were wrong , like  Z3 em tensorflow model, you said z3=w*z2+b3, but it was A2 ,not Z2.Several exercises did not check the result for each function, so when I arrived at the huge model function, it was hard to discover where I was wrong. I think this third week could be two. I missed exercise with normalization, there were all with tensorflow.
A bit less good than the previous course. It would have been good to have a chance to concretely implement Batch normalization. Then I think the tutorial on tensorflow needs more details and explanations of the what and why of the conventions. Anyway I was really happy to learn a bit about tensorflow, I hope I will use it more through the course.
The fact that the lectures are not available to keep is problematic. Also, the programming assignments leave too little to do. Only few lines of code, that in most cases are simply copied from the problem description. It would make sense to broaden the programming tasks, and let the students really cope with many of the real-world challenges.
The course explains great tips for optimizing and tuning NN, bu I miss some more practical examples where observing and compare results when applying the different techniques studied. Also I miss a general schema of all optimization and tuning tips in order to know when and where apply each depending on conditions, etc.
Exercises are too easy, and lectures are kind of boring.  The Jupyter / iPython system does not run smoothly.  I ended up downloading everything on my local computer, completing the assignment there, and then pasting the code into the coursera notebook.  That makes the assignments take 50% longer than necessary.
The content is 5 stars.However, technicalities of assignments not getting submitted and then needing to investigate in the discussion board what others did to be able to submit an assignment..Assignments not getting submitted&graded is a criticial bug, that's why the temporary 3 stars rating on my side.
Andrew is an excellent teacher,  but the programming assignments are weak. Everything is already written for the learner, and the only things one needs to do is to fill few lines of code here and there. To fully understand the material, the learner should write the code by himself/herself.
I wish the course material on Tensorflow was updated to Tensorflow 2, but it is also nice to know what happens under the hood. I also wish there was some programming assignments in which we could tune some hyperparameters and visualise the difference between selecting diferent values.
Good explanation of hyperparameters and optimization in DNN. As a beginner to tensor flow, I felt it hard to debug the tensor flow assignment. It would have been easier if the assignment included validation of each function before building the complete model.
Would have liked programming assignment in python to understand the various initializations and optimizations. Although tensorflow introduction was good, It felt like being left stranded without a python assignment to cement the things learnt in the class.
The lectures are good and informative. However, the programming assignments are hard to learn from - an unhelpful combination of too easy and too obscure, so that it's hard to believe I'm developing skills that will help me program such things myself.
The material is very well and intuitively explained.  I am disappointed with the assignment.  It seems to be based on older versions of Tensorflow, and seems a bit outdated.  This becomes very clear if one tries to run the assignment locally.
The course notes don't lend themselves for use as reference materials. The programming exercises are spoon-fed. The material is more up-to-date than Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course, but that set a higher standard for online education.
the lectures in this course seemed very packed and rushed, squeezing in a lot of content that felt skipped over instead of delving into the math a bit.  The jupyter notebooks also have alot of errata that haven't been updated in a while
The exercise although long was only related to the last section. There are some mistakes already reported by the students but no action yet. This is a good course do not ruin the reputation by some minor unaddressed issues.
It's a good lecture for background but the programming assignment is outdated. Tensorflow 1 is very uncomfortable and the assignment would have been a lot easier and intuitive if it was Tensorflow 2, Keras or PyTorch.
Thankyou for your great guidance sir. I am diploma student where we ain't taught much maths related to ML. I found difficult to understand mathematical equations. So i request you to upload a course on that too.
Week 1 and week 2 needs more examples of python programming in the videos. The videos for week 3 were a lot more interesting. Without the python implementation examples in the videos, the course can be very dry.
Lessons are nicely explainedAssignments should be more challenging. Same as first course, this one basically make you cope-paste instructor notes and just change variable names to pass all assignments.
Enjoyed learning the concepts but it all seemed slow and tedious. It also seems like building up tensorflow throughout the weeks would be more useful then just piling it in the notebook at the end.
It was a really good course, as I have come to expect when Andrew Ng is involved.  The reason I only gave it three stars was for the sole fact that the version of Tensorflow is not up to the date.
Not enough about tensorflow, not a lot of extra information on hyperparmeter tuning, exercises simple and unchallenging. I like the instructor, but I wish we could get more challenging material.
its great foundational course but i feel with frameworks available the math behind it was little boring.Andrew NG is pretty good with explaining it well but sometimes felt it was too trivial
Tests are very easy, and the programming exercises are very straight-forward - to the point where it is really obvious what to do. I could have learned more if both were more challenging
Tensorflow was introduced in a very confusing way and most of the intuitions were not explained. Besides from lack of explanation for tensorflow, great course that complements the first
The lessons are good, the programming assignment has mistakes that have apparently been reported over a year ago and have yet to be fixed - there is no excuse for this to be the case.
The course was well, but the last graded test was use Tensorflow and this requires a lot more knowledge than the last video which was an example of another completely different kind
Lots of error on the final exercise. It seems some errors exist from previous sessions already. Hope the teaching team will fix the errors and make learning less confusing for us.
The first course was really well put together. This one not so much.  I learned a lot, but it seems that adding the TensorFlow exercise at the end of week 3 was an after thought.
The course was amazing as expected. But the quality of videos needs improvement. Also if programming part was explained in the videos then that would be great. Thank you.
Too many issues with the auto grader system. Need to improve the know errors and save the time pf users. I spent more than 3 hours total just to fix the grader bugs.
It could have been more detailed and interesting. Compared to the first course of the specialization, This course's material didn't clear all the concepts clearly.
Great course for a beginner like me. I wish however that sizing of hidden layers/units should have been addressed as it is very difficult to achieve the optimum
Docked one star because of using Tensorflow 1.4 instead of 2.0. Docked another star because I found the course content less interesting than the first course.
Some of the videos are very abstract and needs a bit of mathematical intuitions. These intuitions are best obtained by calculations rather than a lecture :)
A bit too theoretical for my taste, lacks practical homework and getting our hands dirty. Really appreciated the final week's structure and topics.
ike usual andrew ng perfect explanation simple go to essential stuff.the minus points some troubles with notebookbig thanks for andrew ng's team.
There are errors on some exercises (adam of week 2)  still unsolved after over 1 year (found same error reported on the forum/discussion)
The lecture videos are good but the assignments are  not that useful as they provide th answers within them and are somehow repetitive.
Lectures are good. Programming exercises are too easy. Too mechanical, no much thinking required, à la "fill the gaps" exercises.
I would give five starts if not for that grade error issue. I hope it gets resolved for good. Otherwise. Great course as usual.
Interesting, but not nearly as good as the first one. Disjointed topics, unconnected exercises made this less digestable.
I think more should be done regarding the TensorFlow framework with more explanations given to what the functions did
Lake of practice, Lake of intimations with good examplesLess in Ternsorflow don't know how to implement and deploy it
The course and the material are great. However, the codes in the labs have serious problems which should be solved.
Really helpful advises. I felt it was too focus on the implementation side but I liked the intuitions parts better.
Week 3 of the course does not have a practice problem for batch normalization. Wanted to implement it and learn.
I found the video lectures useful to understand the concepts, but the programming exercises are over-simplified.
Would give more stars if the final assignment used Tensorflow@ and not an outdated version that is not in use.
More tensorflow related tutorials should have been there. The lectures turned a little boring and redundant.
So far, I think this course is weak on theory, seems rushed and should provide more in depth lecture notes.
Encounter Error in the final assignment, cannot complete the model, but the grader gives 100/100 anyway.
I wish the course mentors were more active on this course makes it a bit difficult to clear doubts
It does not make you think of the problems, just fill in the gaps. First course was better.
Programming assignments are too easy and the answer is already given before the question.
Tensorflow is not at all user friendly, I'm sure better alternatives would've been there.
I recommend adding a summary page at the end of each week to make sense the mathematics.
The course is outstanding just the tensorflow library should be taught more in details.
The technologies and the assignments should be updated to follow the latest standards
Maybe this course can merge with the 1st one. they both cover too little materials.
WEEK-3 was a little bit messy, it would have been better if it was tensorflow 2
taught concepts well, but the programming assignments felt like it was spoonfed
Good: Contents on Tensor FlowBad: No real useful content compared the Course 1.
great lectures, simplistic programming assignements, ridiculously easy tests
It would be better to use TF2 as there are lots of changes in the usages.
Harder to understand. Overall quality is not as good as the first class.
It is a bit abrupt to jump into tensorflow without explaining in depth.
good course to learn, but more assignments should be introduce n week3
Most of the solutions to the assignment were written in instructions.
I am not getting to see the programming exercises that i have done :(
voice was too small compared to noises made by clothes and others.
Good courses, the sound quality is very poor (high tone noise).
Interface for evaluating is not great and assignments are easy
The Tensorflow part should have started sooner in the course.
We could have more guidance on setting a tensorflow model
Lots of theory and not enough practical implementation.
Content starts to feel old, but still interesting.
the circulum was some hard and over detailed
I would have loved to have a session on TF2
Course is a bit complex due to the subject
week 3 topics would have been a bit better
Assignments vs lecture, difference is huge
fast paced not enough emphasis on topics
Want to download my own work but cannot.
Can be done in more interesting manner.
great superficial intro to the content
Need more training on Tensorflow, imho
tensorflow subject was to superficial
Can dive deeper into the mathematics
I still find tensorflow hard.
week 2 was extremely boring
Outdated with Tensorflow 1
Again, nice videos but not
Multiple grading issues.
could be more engaging
Looks raw yet.
awful sound
There are both areas needing improvement and places where this course excels.To begin let's consider what I think needs improvement.Since this program says that it does not require prerequisites, it really ought to provide backup reference materials specific to course content. Specifically I found it difficult to follow details without the basics of differential calculus, matrix algebra, Python, and TensorFlow. One alternative is to hire a tutor, which is what I did.Although there is an active community and tutors, support from the course's owner deeplearning.ai  can be improved. For example there are comments in the forums about how long it takes deeplearning.ai to fix bugs in the code.My last suggestion for improvement is how this course is taught. There is so much content that questioning needs to be more frequent. Currently grading is done through ten multiple choice questions and a programming exercise after a week's worth of videos. While the programming exercises are good, learning would be improved significantly by including three or four questions with each video, even if they are not graded.Overall, I have the sense that deeplearning.ai has not been improving or updating this course.Nevertheless this course still deserves four stars. The presenter is well organized, articulate and enthusiastic. The entire course follows a coherent plan.  This course and its predecessor supplies a great deal of content.  Each video runs 6 - 10 minutes on average which is about the right length, However I was always stopping them to write down points to better grasp the content.As mentioned, there are a few bugs in the programming exercises. However they are rigorous, cover the material, and effort has been made to make them interesting.Overall, while there is room for improvement this is still a worthwhile course.
I enrolled in this course without taking the previous ones (I have already done an MSc in Computer Vision and Machine Learning so I thought I wouldn't need the others), but the material has been easy to follow and understand. It is really interesting as it helps you understand important concepts such as bias and variance, or why does batch normalisation work. Sometimes Deep Learning can be seen more as an art than a science, and this course is helpful for defining a good strategy when carrying out deep learing experiments.
The course began from very basics to complex functions, hyperparameter  tuning is efficient in building better models, Kudos to Sir Andrew NG for explaining all of them in the simplest way possible. I would highly recommend this course to all interested in deep learning. But I believe that assignments can be made more challenging rather than just filling up the codes with syntaxes. Logic building is very important.
Add more programming assignments to clear fundamentals.
I have taken Machine Learning courses earlier from Andrew Ng via Coursera. I have always felt that the delivery of the material and the pedagogy are superb and have always rated a 5 star as also for the first course in this specialization. This second course had several interesting topics I had never learned in my previous NN courses at universities. The programming exercises for weeks 1 and 2 were excellent in helping recap the material in the videos and slides. However as far as TensorFlow is concerned, I was a bit disappointed because it seemed like we were muddling through the various code snippets rather than getting a firm grasp of what is obviously a very complex Deep Learning programming framework. But I understand the time limitations and I realize that this intro to TensorFlow is merely to whet one's appetite and encourage us to explore more about this framework as well as other frameworks. I believe it is up to each individual to explore the concepts further and get a better understanding.The technology behind the courses is awesome as well as the programming assignment notebooks which were well documented and must have taken gargantuan amount of time and effort in prepping. In summary, I learned a lot from this course and while my course objectives were not fulfilled, almost all of them were.
One more brilliant course by Professor Andrew Ng. It covered all important topics in model training and testing and hyperparameter tuning, ending with an introduction to TensorFlow. But even though Professor Ng stressed that the choice for a Deep Learning framework should consider the belief that the company supporting it has a long term commitment to keep it open sourced, he doesn't explain why he believes that Google will do so with TensorFlow. Even though I've been dealing with TF for a couple of years now, having complete both AI and Deep Learning Nanodegrees at Udacity, I still struggle to understand its cryptic innings. I hoped that Professor Ng could bridge that gap, but unfortunately that was not the case. Maybe in later versions of this course he can explain a little better how exactly TensorFlow works - we know it does, but it is very frustrating to depend upon tons of Stackoverflow queries to get syntax right and build even simple models. Thanks God he uses Keras in later modules.
I gave this less than perfect stars, just for a few technical issues. It really does deserve 5 stars, and I hope I can come back and update my review once the issues are addressed.There seem to be a few bugs in the final TF project, but using the forums it was possible to figure out what I did wrong. For me, I was computing the cost function using the untransposed forward prop and target vectors. I'm actually glad that this issue came up, as it gave me a better idea of where difficult to find issues can appear. Despite not completing the last project successfully, I was able to score 100% on submission. Hopefully they can improve on this mis-scoring issue.After reflecting a bit, the TF material seems a bit tacked on. Perhaps it deserves its own space? There are certainly a great deal of concepts that can be covered on this modern library.Otherwise, it's an excellent course. Just a few rough edges to hammer out.
Very good course in terms of material and explanation.The autograder for grading the problems is not very good:- it fails a lot due to "technical difficulties",- it sometimes fails even though the solution is correct, e.g., a = a + b succeeds but a += b fails,- It sometimes passes even though the solution is incorrect (I used gradient descent instead of Adam, but it still passed with a 100% score).There were also quite some typos and other errors in the last assignment, so it seems like it was made in a bit of a hurry. The forums list all the corrections, so it should be easy to fix this.It would also be really nice to have an option to reset the notebook to its initial state. Now if you accidentally mess it up or delete it, it's gone. My recommendation to students is to make a copy of the notebook before you start working on it.The automatically generated captions also contain lots of errors.
This is Course2 of the Deep Learning Specialization. In Course1, we learned how to code the algorithm in Numpy. Most of Course2 show how to optimize and tune the algorithm and how to use and tune the hyper-parameters. Most assignments are well-designed and easy to perform as they focus more on the understanding than "finding how to code it". However, the last assignment introduces TensorFlow where we re-implement the algorithm using TensorFlow concepts. I have to say I expected TensorFlow to simplify things but it turns out I find the Math/Numpy implementation way easier to understand than TensorFlow. I'll have to dig deeper in TensorFlow concepts to understand it better. I would have liked more TensorFlow introduction. I hope the following courses will go into deeper details. Nevertheless, great course and very instructive.
I liked the course a lot and I really adore the way Andrew Ng teaches the subject. As an improvement suggestion I would extend the course to four weeks to deepen the practice on Hyperparameter tuning as well as the introduction to Tensorflow. The Programming exercises of week 3 were really challenging. First since there were partially misleading statements in the comments (Z before activation) and second because variables were given the same names as tf parameters and partially even function definitions. So you could see things like a = a, b = b in tf function calls which just does not fit for beginners in portentously both Python (local variables concepts, etc.) and TF. I am more than grateful though that I could do this course of the specialisation and I would really like to express my deep gratitude to Andrew Ng.
The material is consistently good, but this is now my third class and I am acclimated to it and self-selecting.  Still, I'm not offering 5 stars because this is a Coursera AI course, and I am hypersensitive to the less-than-intelligent interactions that I have with the courseware:  I was warned last Sunday about falling behind on my coursework, for example, for a week that I started in the morning but which happened to end that evening.  So, the machine-based interaction isn't that great.  The discussion lists and mentor interactions are quite good and very helpful.  Still, I'm puzzled by the slowness in fixing typos in assignments, these waste our time;  I have found at least three of them, all previously documented.  So, I am spending time hunting down course errors when I should be hunting down my own.
This course has made me learn/revise many of fundamentals of neural network and ML, in general. I really find the explanations and the conveyed intuitions wonderful. I think the videos will be a major reference for me (and millions) in the future.Having said that I think that the third week should be divided into two weeks in the future. I think it would have been invaluable for many people to actually implement the material taught (e.g. batch normalization, one-hot encoding, softmax classification) with synthetic data on the third week. Tensorflow should be introduced in the fourth week. I think the two last videos explaining the frameworks and the programming assignment are adequate enough as - I believe - the hyperparameter optimization will be dealt in the third course of specialization.
I usually zip through Coursera courses. This really demotivated in a good way. I came into this thinking I'll finish it fast only to find that the course is anything but easy. I learned a lot and I'm still not confident in saying that I have absolute 100% grasp of the content despite completing the course. If anything, being able to complete this course was a motivational boost for me despite it taking much longer than I had initially anticipated.The content is so broad that I will have to go through the content again and read from external sources as well. However, I'm quite happy and humbled with what I have learnt. It really puts into perspective the complexities of the mathematics behind deep learning and gives you a new found appreciation for framework libraries like tensorflow.
The course was good and the explanations were intuitive - the last notebook, however, could have been better in my opinion. It was too straightforward in the final implementation step - the mini-batch assignments should have been left to the user at least. I understand that it's not practical to include the 5 minute runtime model as a graded function, but maybe splitting it into multiple graded functions for the setup and execution would be better in ensuring the student had absorbed the class material. And one-hot encoding was not given enough attention in terms of what the axis is doing. If I could give this a 4.8 out of 5 I would, but I can't, and I'd love to see this class that has taught me this much grow so I'll give it a 4 in hopes that someone will read this. Thanks.
Good course focusing on the practical aspects of regularization, normalization, initialization, optimization and hyperparameter tuning. Also looks at multi-class classification using Softmax and introduces machine learning frameworks, focusing on TensorFlow.Well taught by Andrew Ng. Programming exercises work smoothly and give plenty of hand-holding, making them suitable for machine learning beginners with a little Python experience, though short on challenge for those with more experience.Coursera need to put more resources into responding to issues with the course. I found a mistake in a formula and saw that it had been reported 3 months ago on the Errata forum with no response. I emailed the suggested feedback address and have had no reply. Hence dropping a star.
This was a good course with several drawbacks. Although we learned theoretical aspects of batch normalization, I needed to go through a dozen of resources to learn how to actually implement it (especially backpropagation part). An assignment for that would be helpful. The last week of this course (Tensorflow) should have become its own course with multiply programming assignments. What I strongly dislike is the design of programming assignments, which are very long but the user implementation part very short - it's easy to loose an overview. Personally, I finish them as quick as possible to get the grade and then implement the functionality by myself. I'd also support the idea of optional assignments, where students can solve some problems from scratch.
I am more, or less satisfied with this part of the course. It gives valuable information in many practical aspects. What is not good - graded assignments notebooks contain errors. For me, having about 30 years of experience in various technical fields, it was like an interesting game to find source of error and make graded assignment running, while some other people may just get stuck.Also, I wish we run graded assignments on computers with a little bit more power. It is very unproductive to wait tens of seconds while Python kernel evaluates the cell.BTW, for me with week 3 graded assignment first 10 epochs took about 10 minutes. Simple math gives 2.5 hours for 1500 epochs. Yes, we are paying not that much for this course, but we are paying for it.
This was another fantastic course in the deep learning specialization. We are  introduced to techniques designed to speed up and improve neural network models, such as minibatch gradient descent, regularization, and normalization techniques. Hands-on programming exercises show how to implement some of these techniques. Suggestions for improvement: (1) Third week is too dense with ideas. It should provide programming exercises to impart practical understanding of these ideas. A 4th week should be devoted to an in-depth introduction to TensorFlow.  (2) Improve the Forum by including regular participation by the teaching staff. Mentors are active on the Forum, but there is virtually NO participation by the teaching staff!
It's a very useful course but it comes across as the creators have put it out and completely abandoned it: the contact email given at the beginning is a black hole (could have used no_reply), volunteer mentors are supporting the forums but well-known multiple bugs and mistakes are not being fixed.  Programming assignments are designed to make an impression that students can reach farther than they actually can on their own by often turning them into a copy-and-paste of small pieces into the code already mostly written for them.  One would expect that if one even needs to use this "knowledge" from programming assignments for work later it would be free and readily available.  Wrong assumption.
I really really liked both this course and the previous one. In fact, I gave 5 stars to the first course. However, compared to the first course, this one earns 4 stars in my book. For one, I wish there was more material on TensorFlow. Also it would've been nice to do a detailed assignment involving actual hyperparameter tuning. Even though the title of the course promises techniques about hyperparameter tuning, I'm not confident that I will be able to do a systematically good job, even though I just finished this course and have carefully taken notes of all the presented materials. Nevertheless, this is an awesome course and I wholeheartedly recommend it.
This course is a gem in that its chock-a-block full of real-world/in-practice information that so many courses don't cover.  One note is that some of the programming assignment notebooks in this course (especially the TF one) were several notches below the finely tuned level of the prior course's.  There were typos in the explanation sections, syntax errors in blocks so that you couldn't do partial submissions, and other things that didn't create a full-stop but definitely upped the frustration factor.  I made it through and have learned a MASSIVE amount, but there is definitely some polishing that would have made this a 5 star that wasn't there yet.
Very good course about more critical concepts when building deep neural networks. Although the material seems like quite condensed and forced in a very short span of time (3 weeks) while the easier and more basic concepts in course 1 where explained at the right pace during 4 weeks.These are core concepts and techniques for practical day-by-day deep learning engineering and programming and I would have wanted them to not to be taught in such a rush.Even though, highly recommended course... I am already building real networks to solve real problems in some projects I am involved in and that is simply awesome after 2 courses of this specialization :)))
The content was very well taught and I learnt a lot of new concepts I was not familiar with before. I liked that the projects had us implement the basic concepts like Adam optimizer and Dropout on a neural network from scratch, instead of with tensorflow because it helped me understand how they work essentially.That said, it felt that the course was less polished as the first one. There were some errors in the assignments that made them difficult to pass, the assignments themselves were also very easy and did not take as long to complete (at most I spent 30 minutes on any assignment, instead of the written 2 hours).
Great course overall. Thanks to the instructor and TA's and mentors on the forums for making this possible. For students my notes would be -  a) a bit too much hand holding on assignments and b) the subject matter is less interesting conceptually (unless you are into numerical optimization). For instance-  I skipped ahead to RNNs to keep it fresh. For staff my feedback would be : consider re-shuffling the course material into the other courses (CNN , RNN) rather than have this all in a block. The subject matter is a bit dry, and for instance, tensor flow can be learned as part of building a NN in course 1.
Very good course. But unlike the previous one, I got the feeling we covered too much ground before the quizes. Perhaps having multiple quizes could make the learning stick a bit more.Also, the intermediate verification of the programming assignment (tensorflow) was a little less satisfying than before because the intermediate "expected results" were mostly results of variable initialization or allocation. This is understandable because the "run" doesnt happen until a few steps later. But overall, the previous exercises were more rewarding even leading up to the big final "run everything together" part.
Videos are very good, can't really criticize much there. The assignments are WAY too easy though. There's really no reason why they can't just let you implement more of the boiler/helper code, since everything is already auto graded. I think that guiding the user with the notebook structure and providing a description for what each function should do and the output shape should be more than enough for any user to do these assignments. As it is, these assignments don't really provide any assurance that that you understand the material, since the answer is always in the description.
It's a very useful course. The course material is well spaces out and encompasses the basics requires to utilise an algorithm. The programming exercises are easy to implement and rather rewarding when completed. Perhaps the only issue I had with the course was that it only taught enough tensorflow to allow us to implement the functions necessary for that particular problem. A more general understanding could have helped. Also, it, like most other ML/DL courses, never addresses the issue of actually accumulating or acquiring a dataset, which I find to be rather important to learn.
Good overview of techniques to use in deep learning.  I especially appreciated the introduction to Tensorflow.  The projects felt like they held your hand a bit too much.  I'd like to see more rigorous assignments in the future.  The Tensorflow tutorial felt unpolished.  It contained a few errata and the tutorials were sometimes vague about how to use the syntax.  I ended up having to look up the documentation for a few of the commands to understand how to use them.  That's a minor issue for me, I have experience working in python, but for other learners it might be an issue.
I enjoyed everything in this course. As always, the concepts and motivations for the various deep learning 
techniques are very well explained. I feel like I could have a 
conversation with members of the industry and not come across as a total
 novice (although I am).The only real issue I had was regarding Tensorflow. I felt more time should be spent on Tensorflow before assigning homework on it. I believe in a certain amount of learning  though struggle when it comes to programming, but I think the foundations for tensorflow were lacking to sufficiently struggle through.
A continuation of the Deep Learning specialization, this course actually teaches many of the latest ideas in hyperparameter optimization and builds up the ideas nicely. Concepts like EWMA, RMSProp, Momentum and Adam were well explained and logically introduced. One gripe I have is Tensorflow - despite not liking the framework much (primarily because of its terrible error messages), I found that the foundational learning for key concepts in TF were not well introduced. There was only one video which served as a Tensorflow introduction. Other than this, the course was great.
TensorFlow uses slightly different terminology. That took some time to get used to. Also, because of so many algorithms, parameters, it becomes difficult to remember everything. It would be nice, if we could search for terms and either get to the point in video where the terms are mentioned and explained or results contain sections of slides as presented in the video. If this kind of search works across all the courses in a specialization, that would also be great. Overall, Andrew Ng makes it really easy to understand and I am glad I am making progress.
Very good presentation material and deep intuitive explanation by Professor Andrew NG . Quizzes are structured in a way that it will test all the sections you have learned in that week.Programming assignments will provide an idea on how to approach each of the problems.In addition to taking this course,I would also recommend you to try and code using the basic code structure presented in the lecture and assignments to build upon and see what works and what does not in the problems.Only then,you can see the benefit of what is taught in this lecture.
Theoretical part amazing, explanations very comprehensive. I think is the best course on deep learning right now. The one thing i would like to see improved is the structural choice for the practical part: this concept of functions that already built in and we come in and fill in the code is ok, and it helps, but i think there should be some kind of path where we can build everything from scratch and you guys could provide the answers as something we can check to see if we got it right...i don't maybe could help, but overall amzing course.
Pro: The course content is well explained and the examples are usually understandable. There are some well explained programming exercises that allow you to get in touch with the "machine room".Con: Not enough programming exercises to explain all concepts and also the programming exercises sometimes boil down to copy&pasting some code from the instructions. Furthermore, I would expect that this couse with "intermediate" difficulty would allow you to really write code from scratch at some point instead of filling in "Jupiter" notebooks.
The content is great as usual, but I have two minor complaints: the quality of prof. Ng's handwriting went down, which sometimes makes it more difficult to follow the explanation, or taking notes; the second one is that the error reporting for the grader on the programming exercises is not very user-friendly. I had to try a couple times on weeks 2 and 3 not because my code was wrong at all, but because the grader was finicky. Due to the honor code, I believe I won't be able to post more details here, but check on the forums.
The content is great, let me say that first and foremost. I feel like some small improvements would be that there were some typos in the notebooks, but not big deal. Helps one learn about debugging and think independently.About the TensorFlow section of week 3. It was a pretty deep dive into TensorFlow, and I ended up going to the documentation a lot. Maybe some background on the framework would help. I will probably next go through the TensorFlow "getting started" tutorial, to better understand it.
The course is pretty good. I just feel notation used by Andrew is quite confusing for people with matrix algebra and matrix calculus. I understand the course is intended for people with different knowledge leveles but generalizing notation with matrix algebra could be save time for students. There are some little bugs on the last Jupyter implementation with TensorFlow. Nothing too serious but reading the forums I noticed bugs were reported one year ago and nothing has been done to fix them.
This was a great course with a great assignment. The assignments were moderately hard to complete. I think if students were challenged to improve accuracy  of the model by a X%(10%) for extra credit. It this would have triggered independent thinking. I think Students can do it without extra credit also. I think extra credit from Instructor triggers different incentive to complete it. This was done to some extent in the 1st course. I think doing it in this course also would have been ideal.
Many many thanks for putting this great deep learning specialization together!!!For course 2, it took long long to get to the meat of the course, i.e. hyper parameter tuning, and yet there were no exercises to grasp how we can tune (more than one) hyper parameters through programming exercise. Perhaps we will learn that in course 3. I haven't done it yet.The first course exercises were more effective.Other than this comment, everything else for this specialization course looks awesome.
Hyperparameter tuning to improve performance of model is one of the most important part of lifecycle of development of any machine learning model. I would say with confidence now that I have at least got intuition of how different hyper parameters affect the performance of model and how to obtain the optimal value of them. I have got some imagination around hyper-parameters. Thank you Andrew and all team for taking diligent efforts to make this course easy to understand.
Course content was complex, yet progressive, helping to grasp key concepts easily. I think the assignment material can be improved. For instance, I got a full grade on the Tensorflow assignment, but my compute_cost function was wrong (hadn't passed the right arguments to the tf cross-entropy cost function). Some of the assignment instructions are also unclear at times. Overall, this course helps build some invaluable skills for practical machine learning applications.
4* only because the TensorFlow lectures and assignment were too much in too little time. Also from what I see, TF has massively changed syntax to 2.0 so it felt a bit pointless to learn TF1 syntax (which is ***horrible***) at this point. To me it detracted a lot from the learning experience.The remaining lectures and modules were excellent as usual though. I'd still recommend this highly, and Andrew's insights into what tends to work and why are brilliant as always.
The course is great!It really helps in understanding how the algorithms work, under the hood and the implementation tipsare very helpful! (This is visible in both the Optimization and Batch Normalization algorithms sections)It is awesome that a programming framework is also introduced in the course, Tensorflow. But to be honest PyTorch could be also introduced, in order to select the framework in which the student could implement the last programming assignment.
The content covers a wide variety of useful topics in deep learning. Andrew's explanations are sufficient, as are his use of both examples and analogies. I was only slightly disappointed to see that he has left the derivation of the equations governing back propagation along a batch normalized neural network as an exercise to his audience. The quizzes were sufficiently challenging, and the programming exercises were either informative or insightful, or both.
I felt this interesting but bit easier compared to the first course. Please don't provide the parameters of a method directly in the description above. I want to learn how this method can be executed by thinking and understanding the parameters I have to pass to this method. So, I felt the tensorflow assignment little straight forward. But overall a very good course. I need to practice a lot to actually understand and write the code from scratch. Thank you.
I wish to give 4.5 instead. The only pitfall is the whole video series have a high frequent sound which keep distracting me when try to concentrate to the content.content vise is very good. Coding practice is very helpful in understand the process. However there is only a basic level. With giving too much help on the background, it's very easy forget afterwards. May be a suggestion more practice would be better.After all, it's the best course in DL for me.
This was a good course to deal with some of the inner working of the machine learning and neural network models.  It was good to see one of the existing frameworks (TensorFlow); although, I find it to be more difficult to configure than Torch (PyTorch).  And it was unclear from the lab whether or not this framework was using GPU acceleration; although, this could probably be determined with a little research and experimentation in the lab environment.
This is a great overview for those wanting their neural networks to run more effectively and efficiently.  Lots of ideas to improve your networks.  The documentation and description of Tensorflow for the exercises is inadequate to be able to diagnose errors in the "expected" code without expert assistance. When debugging Tensorflow for these exercises, its almost a Trial and Error exercise instead of using first principles taught in the presentations.
Love the orthogonalization part and the explanation on why training deep neural networks is possible (local minimum is rare in hyperspace; for the most part there are saddle points). Tho I was hoping there would be some advice on how to design a neural network. Overall I think it's a bit too easy for those who have already known deep learning or taken Ng's Machine Learning course. It'd be great if the homework would be more challenging.
Similar to my previous review in 'Neural Networks and Deep Learning', I found this course to be particularly good. It improved on the vanilla model introduced in Course 1, strengthening notions of tuning and regularization. I found it to be quite useful. My only complaint is that the assignments are similarly too much 'hand-holding' so I would advise those performing the assignments to try to develop some of the functions from scratch.
You can learn a lot of topics related to deep learning algorithm optimization. All of them are explained in great detail, but the last assignment with TensorFlow was a bit confusing because of its own structure, not the instructor's fault. Also there was not an explicit motive why they chose to explain with TensorFlow.Besides that, the course was very nutritious and I feel more confident about deep learning after completing the course.
In comparison with the first course of Deeplearning.ai , this course was a bit shallow in some topics. I would for example divide first and third week int two parts and add little bit deeper information. On the other hand, it was still very informative. The course provide very nice probe to optimization techniques of training DNNs. I would recommend this course to everyone, who wants to expand the basic knowledge of Neural Networks.
Andrew Ng is great again. Also the assignments are good with very good explanations for each step in the notebooks. The TensorFlow programming assignment at the end could have gone a bit deeper, with more explanations for things that are used in the end like eval. And it had an error as the third parameter of tf.one_hot is not (anymore?) the shape. You have to explicitly pass it as tf.one_hot(indices, depth, shape=shape).
Good course, but the standard is not up to par compared to Course 1 and the ML course. The Week 3 Tensorflow assignment has a few mistakes and some of the code seems redundant (probably because the code was updated and the old ones were not removed), which makes it a bit hard to follow. Also the code could do better with the comments for elaboration, but nothing you can't figure out yourself using online resources. Regard
Great course, although I felt that introducing TensorFlow in week 3 was quite ambitious. I think it would have been better to have an additional week, during which we could have just learnt about TensorFlow. I found the third week challenge difficult, because I didn't know why we were using some of the functions, and it took me a while to figure it out - and I'm still not certain why what I did worked
I would love to give 5 stars but I have reduced one because of the typos in the assignments. I 'managed' to waste my time to check my code many times as my answer was not matching the expected output. Later I figured out that there was an error in the expected output.As a course, it gives a thorough understanding of playing around with hyperparameters and fine tuning the NN to get better accuracy.
As usual, the course material, videos and programming assignments were excellent. However, as I am currently not utilizing large datasets, the material on Batch Normalization and Hyper-parameter tuning is not useful to me ( now and in the foreseeable future).  The introduction to TensorFlow and the tutorial was very useful, and has certainly whetted my appetite.Look forward to the next course.
Mentors don;t seem to collaborate, its been 3 days i posted a question in discussion forums but no reply has been received yet. It was a terrible experience. If you got stuck at a problem then only way is to get help from other students because mentors don't give a shit, about your course. I have given a rating of 4.0 only for the teacher Andrew Ng Sir. His teaching style is very impressive.
Good course that covers a lot of practical topics that are rarely given much consideration in an academic setting. Be careful in week 3 as there are a couple of mistakes that someone who has gotten to this point should catch, but it is possible that they will slip by. Overall though, another great class from deeplearning.ai where I learned a huge amount that has a very practical application.
The course content was of very high quality. There were just some issues in the notebooks that are already covered in the forums. I think it's worth fixing them. In the videos there are also some small mistakes made but nothing serious. Also, about the programming assignment, I think it would be useful to have some in which less of the code is readily written and more is left to the student.
As usual this course was really good, but at some parts I had a feeling that Professor Andrew Ng was a bit vague in explaining some concepts. So, I had to spend a lot of time on thinking about it (which I feel could have been avoided). It will really help if the instructors are able to provide additional references regarding the hyperparameters and the other topics discussed in this course.
The best thing that I get from these courses is to learn about intuitions all the time. Although I really enjoyed that part on optimization and parameter tuning , the same standard wasn't kept in TF part. What is tf graph? why do we need it? why session? .... Unfortunately the tf docs fail on explaining these concepts as well. If I don't get answer to those questions here, then where?
I am slow on the uptake on the maths side of the equation, while the repetition of the class lectures is most appreciated. No, it is not repetitive, Andrew keeps expanding on our prior knowledge for each week. Even with 30 plus years since I did Calculus I am able to follow and understand thanks to the team.Though, they do need help with correcting some minor mistakes in the webpages.
i learnt a lot about tuning Neural Networks through various optimization and regularization methods in this course. this helped me a lot in understanding the working and derivatives of optimizing neural networks through various algorithms. this course is making the foundations of deep learning look easy and understandable than other sources to the person who is taking up this course.
Well structured course. It shows a great overview on hyperparameter tuning.It would be great if the lecturer could keep the voice tone as he speaks, especially in long explanations where you can feel how his voice tone is going lower and lower, and then suddenly on the next video cut it goes back to normal exploding you ears ( as you had to increase the volume of your speakers)
Great course on hyperparameter tuning. Some of the code projects used the same variable names repeatedly in different contexts, which, to me, at least, is a bad practice to encourage in students. Also, in the Tensorflow project, some additional numerical calculations would have made it easier to catch issue earlier. But Andrew Ng was amazing, as always - clear and informative.
Excellent content provided by a world-class expert in the field whose didactics is on point. Great selection of applications. Not much mathematical formality and programming assignments not really challenging as an assessment tool. It's definitely the theory one might need to amass upon the first course's content, however what was previously easy enough is now even more so.
The course is well organized and I've learnt quite a lot related math knowledge. The only thing I felt need to improve is that the assignment was too easy and I can easily pass even though I didn't fully understand all the concept and details. Hope we can make it hard and more opportunities for the learner to make mistake and correct in order to learn more.ThanksMartin
Good coverage of the practical aspects of Neural networks. Happy to be introduced to the latest research on the topic. Not the course's fault but there seems to be reuse of the same variable names in different papers. Wish the course introduced some consistency.The introduction to TensorFlow was useful. However, wish there was more coverage / exercises for this topic.
Andrew Ng's courses are a real delight - he's a natural teacher that explains well and can get students excited about a subject. In this class there were some problems with the last exercise (the TensorFlow tutorial) - it was too simple and yet cryptic, with some unaddressed errors and a lot of loose ends (thus only 4 stars - all his other classes are definitely 5)
Only detail is that programming exercises are way too simple, copy-paste kind of things. I could understand that being the case for the first, introductory course, but it would've been nice to have a little bit more of a challenge to get used to the programming implementation details. Also, it is outdated in the sense that you are using version 1 of TensorFlow.
This course subsumes relevant contents in Stanford Machine Learning Course. Some useful addition to the Stanford Course are briefs on Gradient Descent With Momentum, RMSdrop and Adam as well as elementary practices on Tensorflow. People with basic knowledge of linear algebra can complete this course in a day (i.e. 10 hours) by skipping less important videos.
This course provide very deep and good knowledge that how to increase speed of your neural network and how we do hyperparameter tunning. But one thing lags in this course is that it won't provide much knowledge about frameworks like Tensorflow and people face difficulty while doing programming exersice because tensorflow knowledge is not provide in depth
I wish more of TensorFlow had been included in the course content. Aside of that major point, I wish the complex mathematical portions had been explained with more precision and codes like "X[0][0]" had been explained with more precision as well. But overall, I think it was hugely worth learning all the thoroughly taught concepts and I am very grateful.
Topics are explained very well. There may be a false sense of accomplishment coming after doing the assignments, which are pretty straightforward. I am going to add in personal tasks which might help me understand the topics more in depth. On a similar front, could you add in a video explaining what to do next. And I don't mean the next course in line.
gain quite a lot of insight into the deep neural network, the tunning, regularization and so on.one remark on this course, we talked a lot about tunning processes in wk3. However, not much practical exercises on this part, e.g. we didn't try to implement the batch normalization ourselves and to incorporate batch normalization with other parameters etc.
Although I loved this course, I believe there are certain parts that could be broken down into even simpler intuitions. If such a change a possible, this course will be the best one out there. Anyway, I really enjoyed the course and it was a great learning experience. Tensorflow was introduced very finely and it aroused my curiousity to learn more.
Really informative course to learn about the various kinds of optimizations and the differences between the optimization techniques. Learnt how to tune the hyper parameters for effective training . Also got a chance to learn about mini-batches and the corresponding gradient descent and the difference between batch and mini-batch gradient descent.
Materials are good and Professor Andrew presents the course in the really understandable level, so I still learn a lot throughout the course even if I have taken similar mooc courses on other platforms. Programming Assignments are much easier than the fourth course (Convolutional NN), but it gives many inspiration to me. Great thanks to the team!
Great material, very clear and pleasant teaching, good software environment for the programming exercises. The exercises are a bit boring at times (cut and paste without much thinking) but maybe this is a quick way to memorize the material... Some long known problems in the exercises should REALLY REALLY be addressed! (would have given 5 stars)
Content is great! A good introduction to a lot of hyper-parameters in neural net. However, there are some bugs in the evaluation system of programming assignments. For example, the system does not recognize Pythons '-=' operation and gave me a fail, which I did not figure out until I saw the forum where people were having the same trouble.
The course was very good. Things were implemented and taught well and at the correct pace. However, while completing the exercise, we can never write the whole code, we have to only edit a few lines of codes. That's not bad for a beginner, but it would have been better if a little understanding about that part of code could be given too.
Andrew is great at teaching. Quality of education is absolutely for 5 stars, but I am giving 4 because of technical difficulties with Jupiter notebook. Often happened that I wrote some code and it could not save, it just displayed error, so I had to copy code to my notepad and rerun the Jupiter notebook, and than copy the code back.
I really like the content but I believe that it is about time the final assignment of this course is updated to Tensorflow 2. There is no point in enforcing learning outdated software... For the massive revenue that this course is generating, the minimal effort to update one Jupyter Notebook should not be too much of a burden...
The course was a very focused approach towards introducing and familiarizing us with the importance of tuning hyperparameters and their impact on the performance. Although, I personally feel like the Tensorflow exercise could have been more detailed and could have used more explanation. I found that exercise somewhat confusing.
The explanation is just as good as the previous course. The reason I give 4 star is that the notebook use TF version 1 instead of 2. Given syntax of 1 and 2 shows great difference, at least I believe so, it would be better that the notebook can be updated.  For the rest of the course, very good!!!  Suitable for beginners in DL.
This course is well taught.Andrew Ng takes you through the material without error and in a very acceptable pace.The exercises are very do-able.They do not challenge hard, but take you by the hand and show you how to implement and improve your neural networks.The final assignment is a very good tutorial on TensorFlow actually :)
Compared to previous module, this one was more of a cookbook and I expected more mathematics in terms of why each optimization work. Overall, it was still a very interesting hands on approach, finishing with TensorFlow is a bit more difficult to apprehend as all the previous exercices were done in a very different way (Numpy).
This is an amazing course which dwells into the nuances of fine tuning your neural network model. The content of the course is too good. Programming assignments was a bit off. It was really straightforward. Programming assignments could have been more challenging. This will make sure that the concepts are learned properly.
The content is generally great and helpful, but the grader did not show me why the result is incorrect, and i constantly had to reload jupyter notebook. I think there should be less template for the exercise so that we have more thinking to do, but the expected result should be maintained so that we know what we did wrong.
The course explains the reasons and intuition behind tuning hyperparameters and why/how regularization techniques work well when training on large data sets. The only reason I am giving this a 4 star is because the tensorflow introduction seems a little too sparse and could be done better.Thanks again, team deeplearning.ai
The contents are actually good, and it doesn't require a very extensive prior knowledge, so it's even suitable for people with little experience in programming or math. However, despite being a course that has been out for over 2 years, there are still some subtitle issues (in English), and typos on a clarification slide.
Well explained..sometimes jumps a bit. I felt lost a couple of times. But I got through it and I'd say this is deifnitely one of the top courses out there.If they included some optional videos on how this could relate to having a career in this area that'd be very helpful (i.e. what level we need to be able to code at).
This course continues to build on foundations from course 1 of the specialization. Hyperparameter tuning and Regularization methods are quite imperative for optimizing ML models. This course covers these concepts in addition to providing a good foundation for Tensorflow library. Overall, a good course by Prof. Andrew!
The course was very helpful as now I understand optimization techniques and all the parameters of neural networks. Unfortunately, the course has not answered my question how to tune the whole bunch of hyperparameters from the scratch, what is the correct order and logic of the full ANN tuning, not just one parameter.
A very good follow on to the first course with continued excellent organization and hands on assignments that give you practical exposure to working on deep learning problems including a basic introduction to Tensorflow along with practical guidelines on Hyperparameter tuning among other deep learning related topics.
Hi,This  course does a really good job in introducing the optimization techniques. Prof. Andrew Ng has structured his lectures well.Can I kindly suggest that this course can incorporate, for each optimization, 1 scenario that is applicable & 1 that isn't? That will emphasize the scope of the optimization.Thanks,Uday
Still some errors in the assignments, particularly in Week 3.  Otherwise, a good course.  A lot of good topics for practical use when building real-life neural networks.  Some seem fairly cutting-edge.  Good, brief, introduction to TensorFlow at the tail-end of Week 3 and in the programming assignment for that week.
The course content is really great and the theoretical concepts (or their intuition to a larger extent) have been explained pretty well. But there are some errors in the programming exercise on Tensor Flow which makes it confusing since the people who take this course are new to both deep learning and tensor flow.
This is a great course.  The only reason for not giving it 5 stars is the notebook platform for grading coding assignments.  It is flawed in that attempts to save often error out so a submission often doesn't contain the latest state of the code.  This causes sections to be graded incorrectly - very frustrating.
Course material and Lectures is perfect!May be would like to have less supervised programming assignments with less hints of how to implement code as it was too easy! May be it would be good to have pretty guided assignments during main part of the course, but something more individual and demanding at the end.
I think it is important to understand the basics and that is why it is really cool that they show you how to implement a neural net from sratch. Moreover, the last part on tensorflow shows you how to do it in real life. Nevetheless, a lot of work remains to be done to learn properly how to use tensorflow and NN
Andrew Ng is great at explaining the theory and practical aspects of DL concepts. I applaud him for making the lectures so accessible. I also really liked that he provided what is typically done by practitioners. My only feedback I have is that the quiz and programming assignment could have been more rigorous.
the programming assignments are too easy. Though I understand that they're supposed to guide someone who may be a total beginning in ML and DL, I feel there is still too much hand-holding by marking exactly the changes need to be done and the formula either embedded in the comments or in the description above
Brilliant. The way this whole course was structured, the correctness of everything, and the amount of thought and preparation that has gone into this is amazing. Thank you. One suggestion : for those who would want to fiddle with math, there could be optional links to read / understand derivations and stuff.
I understood in detail about the various hyper parameters and how to tune them in order to obtain the best results. I learnt about the problem of over fitting and how to solve it. I also got a glimpse of the tensor flow framework and understood how it makes the process of creating neural networks easier.
Great until the last weeks exercise. It definitely needs to be improved. Some of the instructions do not make sense and there are errors in the outputs that make it confusing to follow. However, I did complete it in 1 hour where it said it would take 3. That being said, all videos were amazing as always.
The content for the first two weeks can be thoroughly practised using the programming assignments but for the 3rd week there is a huge gap in the practise material provided.The majority of the content taught during this week is not covered in the programming assignment.Hope this gets seen and rectified.
While the first course in Deep Learning Specialization gives us the fundamental insight, this course shows us the practical aspects such as hyper-parameters tuning and mini-batching . I think it is essential for beginners to take this course if they actually want to apply Deep Learning to their domains.
Generally great course! But I think more tutorials about Tensorflow are needed. I suppose by using the current tutorial in this course, no one except those who have used Tensorflow before, is able to apply Tensorflow to their own work. The programming exercise is more like a shallow experience so far.
The course was useful for me as a beginner in the deep-learning domain. The instructor was very clear and easy to understand. In order for the student to easily grasp some concepts, useful intuitions were provided. However, being a mathematics student I would have appreciated a more thorough analysis.
Very good overview of optimizer functions and hyperparameter search. I felt the Tensorflow portion could be better with more emphasis put on what the TensorFlow programming construct is as thinking in terms of computational graph and functional programming aspect could be covered as a general overview
The courses are good and impart knowledge from the experience of Dr. Andrew Ng. However, I wish they had more of "After the lecture" 1-2 question quizzes [they have such quizzes designed in course 1 of deep learning specialization].These quizzes bring up the level of course (and learning) infinitely.
Again, A very good course , it focuses on building the concepts from fundamentals. I got very intuition of the way neural nets work. The Jupyter notebooks are self explanatory and comprehensive. Though I think programming could have been a little tougher, could have used a fully hands on assignment.
Starting to get somewhere.. This course contains a bit more interesting topics and I did not feel it was as overlapping to the Ng Machine Lerning course as the first course in the Deep Learning specialization was. Also, finally, a programming task is done using a deep learning framework (TensorFlow)
Good material as always from Andrew Ng. There is a lot more "eyes-forward lectures" before the coursework on this one, which didn't suit my my personal learning preference as well (I prefer to get a lot of practise in when getting to grips with new concepts).  Good course though, worth the effort.
I feel like the assignments involve a lot of cut and pasting of functions verbatim.  It's a good start, but I'd like to go further and be challenged to solve a problem, rather than fill in the blanks.  For example, try different optimizers to reach a particular learning speed on a given data set.
Everything was fine but there were some issues that was not pleasant to me. like seeing that there's problemmes with the videos and they're not corrected and instead there's an extra reading about that. Or when Tensorflow 2 has come, I was expecting that the course also introduces newer version.
The course and the instructor are amazing, but I fell behind schedule by one week and the last assignment was locked, and when attempting to reset the deadline, a message saying "something went wrong" would pop up. The help center responded very quickly and professionally, and solved the issue.
This course I believe is one of the most vital one after the first course in the specialization! Professor Ng covers all the concepts required for you to understand and master this course. You might have to refer to additional resources to get a complete grasp of the concept post each video.
Great and easy-to-follow introduction to improving deep neural networks. If you are already familiar with vector algebra, many things are explained quite slowly. One star left out because the content has not been polished, but there are minor errors here and there with separate corrections.
Going from the Basics of Logistic regression-Neural network -regularization- hyperparameter selection and finally knowing how Tensor flow makes it all come together is just brilliant.I feel confident as I understand the basics well before using a framework that makes it so easy to execute.
Realy recommended for those who finished the first course and/or the machine learning with Prof Andrew Ng. A good in deep exploration of different topics in regularization. An efficient introduction to TensorFlow which will put your feet on the first step of using DeepLearning platforms.
Need some improvement! I think the course is a little bit rush, especially on the 3rd week. I really like the 'test' assignments, which helps me to clear out a lot of important concepts. But the programming assignments sometimes bothers me not in the way of programming, but in the way of
Excellent! Very practical intro to tuning and improving neural networks. The four star is because I felt the programming exercises could be harder and not so much fill in the blanks. I don't think I would be able to code a adam optimizer or momentum from scratch given an empty py file.
A great course indeed! I give 4 star only because I'd have liked more lectures and programming exercises about Tensorflow, and how to train models using GPUs. Similarly, it'd have been great if Andrew explained in detail how to implement Batch normalization using computational graphs.
Great course.  Thanks for making it available.I would have enjoyed more tensorflow lectures to help understand the underlying mechanism of the platform.  I suppose the intention is to provide that understanding through the assignment, but more discussion in the lecture would be nice.
Good course but it would be interesting to add some other methodologies on learning rate ("Cyclical Learning Rates for Training Neural Networks", "Snapshot ensembles") and some explanations on categorical variables and embeddings matrix ("Entity Embeddings of Categorical Variables")
Great course giving insight on how to fine tune deep neural networks. I believe the contents need to be a bit polished but that's totally understandable given its early stage. The comments in the discussion group will for sure help to fix some typos and make this course even better.
Need Information about other parameters like #of iterations, how to choose number of hidden layers?, number of neurons in hidden layers, inclusion of few other strategies to choose neural network model will be helpful. If they are covered in next courses, then please ignore.Thanks
A useful class delving into the nuts and bolts of building a reliable nn. Well structured and explained. I feel like the use of Jupyter in the homework makes it simpler than it should be. A large portion of the code is already written and the instructions often give up the answer.
For a person, who know a little on deep learning, I learned lots of things or, at least, got a clearer view on many concepts. A little reproach on the notation system : question on quizz sometimes might not be very clear for me - and the flaws of the grader on the assignments.
A very good course for taking understanding of Deep learning one level above the basics. The course is theoretical, but the team has done their best to make it as much hands-on as possible. I did face some intermittent platform issues with saving and submitting my assignments.
Helps to have a structured approach towards tuning the hyperparameters rather than randomly doing. Also the course also helps understanding why such tuning is necessary and what improvements are being made in the model. Useful course but not suitable for beginners in ML/DL.
Material is awesome like all courses professor Andrew does. But (a) programming assignments are in style 'fill a couple of lines in 90% ready code' instead of end-to-end developing with guidelines and (b) there are a lot of mistakes in subtitles, assignments and even videos
A lot of content was repeated from the Machine Learning course by Andrew Ng on Coursera. Also, more on TensorFlow and other frameworks implementation would be interesting to learn. But at the end of the day, I did learn a lot of interesting aspects of deep neural networks.
Course is very good especially when revealing "secrets" of various optimization techniques. Once again programming excercise is rather easy to pass as you are guided step by step so there is no space for serious mistakes. More "open" excercises/chalenges would be desirable
This one took a little longer than usual to complete, It took more willpower to come back to it and continue in the course. It seemed harder, or explained lesser than the first course. Nevertheless, after spending extra time on it, Ive finally completed it. Thanks Andrew!
Parameters tuning is ok to follow, it would be easier if you have numerical methods basics. But Tensorflow is not easy to deal with. Maybe it need a separated course. I will get through to programming assignment again to understand it clearly with tensorflow manual pages.
The second class on machine learning is still very informative. However, it's very hands-on and teaches me mainly how to tune learning algorithms to run faster. Hence, it's not very intellectually stimulating. Nonetheless, this is still a very educational course overall!.
The course is great. Andrew is one of the best tutors one could get. The only reason I rate it with 4 stars is that the TF assignment is not updated to TF2. TF 2.0 with Keras really is a state-of-the-art framework and imho there is not much value in learning TF1 anymore.
Great sequel to Neural Networks and Deep Learning. Relatively short course and the most relevant topics in Deep Learning are reviewed. You also practice with TensorFlow, a well-establish Neural Network programming framework that is widely used in academia and industry.
This course had more of a getting-into-the-weeds feel to it, without as much of the broader conceptualizations that the first course had.  I also submitted several queries in the forums without getting feedback.  Still good, but I hope the following courses are better.
Overall, this course includes many useful techniques of how to further improve the basic DNN. Just one minor point imo that the tutorial on TensorFlow may need to go deeper for those techniques mentioned previously in this course, for instance implementing batch norm.
Great videos but wish there were more per-lesson exercises that were there in Course#1 for this track. Also, the transition to TensorFlow was quite abrupt as the key concepts that TF uses are completely new and don't easily borrow from the much cleaner Numpy concepts
Decent intro to tuning neural networks. I felt the parts on normalization and regularization could have gone into more detail, but perhaps the math was deemed too complicated. Labs are ok, but still a bit buggy despite errors being reported in the forums a while ago.
This is another great introductory level course. Andrew covers a lot of very practical concepts. This course also builds well on the previous course in the specialization. The only reason I gave 4 stars rather than 5 was that the programing exercise still uses TF 1.
A good theoretical explanation and good working assignments that impart basic understanding of different optimization methods, hypertuning methods and tensorflow framework. But, some mistakes in the tensorflow assignment in the script itself, needs to be rectified.
Andrew Ng presents a very organized course; I would have enjoyed actually iterating on hyper parameters to find the optimal set. Also, there are probably other optimization approaches that would enable simultaneous searching for an optimal collection of parameters.
Overall, very clear teaching from the Great Mr NG, only concern is that the markdowns in the assignment three coding assignments have some mis-aligned expected output from what is actually expected, so there is some confusion. Except that, all is great. Thank you.
It was very helpful to learnt batch normalization, regularization and tensorflow. It definitely needs a lot of self study to learn about these topics for people who are not familiar. Some mathematical resources like links to pdfs and videos would be extra helpful.
I believe we should extend this course for another week to properly cover TensorFlow. We end up copy / pasting code in the assignment without fully understanding the entire code. Otherwise, the quality of the course is always good, thanks to Andrew :-)Thank you!
Super interesting course where you'll have to come back a few more times because of the density of the theory. It's overwhelming the amount of hyperparameters you need to tune, but it also makes it challenging and less boring to set up neural networks and models
There are a few errors in the programming assignments, which caused some confusion.  Finding these errors was a useful exercise, but it would obviously be better to have a debugging problem or two rather than errors in the problem hints or expected results.  :)
The lectures are great - but the Jupyter notebook assignments are hell, as they they crash frequently and most of the time spent on the assignments is invested in dealing with the notebook instead of the exercise. (The content of the exercises is great though)
The quality of the information is awesome. There are some minor bugs in the assignment section. Even though you have submitted the right answer it shows that you have secured 0 marks in that section. Apart from evaluation bug this course it super knowledgable.
There were a few mistakes in the output of the comments of the notebooks,Also sometimes my output did not match the expected output,still the assignment got graded correctly.Eg-The tensorflow notebook.I think it was because of the seed of the random processes.
Well-organized course. I gave it a four instead of a five just because the Tensorflow HW is not as good as other HWs. There should be more comments and more examples. Maybe there should be two HWs on Tensorflow to give me the confidence that I have leaned it.
I would rate this 4 for the following reasons:1) Learnt all the optimizations.2) Hyper ParameterizationsI would not rate this 5 for the following reasons:1) Some more time could have been spent on tensorflow. 2) The assignments were just simple substitutions.
Great explanations on behind the scenes operations of optimization algorithms and general theory. Coming from a more practical background, it helped me grasp the concepts much better. I only wish the programming exercises were a little bit more challenging!
It was a good course, with giving a great detail on tuning the Hyperparameters. I personally didn't myself found it useful as of now, but the course was good, and can be recommended to other people to fine-tune their networks. Jumping on the third course!
Programming assignment was more difficult but the Course itself really built on the first course well. I struggled much less with the material and enjoyed it more. I also appreciate it being shorter despite having to restart because I had gone on vacation
Overall very good. Many of the useful concepts  did not have practical "coding" assignment. It would have been great to have the opportunity to see how many of the tuning, regularization and optimization techniques can be mixed in a real world scenarios
The course teaches you well on how to optimize your neural network. The only problem I had was with week 2's programming assignment because the grader had problems with the "-=" operation. The lecture I enjoyed the most was the Adam Optimizer lecture.
This is a very interresting course that go past basic deep neural network knowledge. I learned a lot. Still I would have like a bit more programming exercices to have more part of the theoretical course covered (batch norm, hyper parameters tunning).
This course taught me a lot of new concepts and tricks to speed up the training process as well as ways to reduce overfitting and biasing in a neural network. I would've liked the course even more if the instructors took a deeper dive in frameworks.
I learned a lot in this course but I feel like the assignments should be little big and less informative. The assignments are designed are good for then who are at base level but too short for someone who had their hands on once in neural networks.
One again the course is a great follow up from the previous one. The only little detail I wish had been done was for the assignment to cover a scenario where we had to improve some hyperparameters by applying different approaches covered in class.
The course itself is great, but something out of the course is not so good, e.g. I can't see the video easily in China, and also the pictures in the exam can't be shown always, so I must take some guess to pass the exams, which is really a regret!
Not like the first course which was kind of "trying not to touch the details", this course is more organized and I felt I've learned something. Still I would improve TF training to get more into the details (what does reset global variables do?!)
Interesting, but the quality of the exercises in not so good. There are at least 3-4 mistakes in the expected output that make you loose time double verifying. Mentor only seems to reply it is know, sounding like it has been like this for long...
It mixes a review of  Neural Network tuning techniques, and brief intro to TensorFlow. Those are really two very different topics, but I guess it's just designed to fill about a month of the specialization.NOT recommended as a standalone course!
This is a very good course, but the content of the hyperparameter adjustment mostly stays in the theoretical analysis. The latter experimental course does not involve how to implement the program. I hope that it will be improved in the future.
Great course. I learnt a lot again. Perhaps the programming exercises can be a little harder. Some things were quite literally spelled out which meant that you could theoretically copy/paste them into your code with only trivial adjustments.
I liked the optimization lectures, and Andrew's style of teaching. Anyway, I feel that I didn't learn enough in this course, and that it is not on the same level of previous courses we got used to, like the original Machine Learning course.
This course was better than the first course in the specialization. The assignments were more sophisticated (though repetitive at times) and required more thought and work. The only down side is the monotone way of presenting the material.
Some lectures seem to have inconsistent/unexplained differences in the math written. For example, I am a bit confused as to whether normalization is done as (x - mean)/variance or (x - mean)/std.dev. Otherwise, excellent content as always!
In overall, the course content is helpful and inspiring as normal, and can be used to real life straight away. However there are several typos/mistakes in the assignment, especially in assignment 3 which I had bad time to experience with.
The best course in deep learning: Hyperparameter tuning, regularization and Optimization. The course is best among all the available courses over internet but it lacks availability of study materials (or reference to reading materials).
Very good content. Professor Ng covers a lot of material in a gentle and steady way. A few errors in the assignment and less clarity on some texts and quiz make me give 4 stars, but overall it's a very useful, important course, I think.
Great course for in-dept understanding of parameter tuning and optimization, +tensorflow. I would recommend increasing the complexity of the programming assignments. At this point we should be controlling more of the basic python setup.
Maybe not as exciting as the first course of this series (Neural Networks and Deep Learning) as this one delves more in the "technicalities" of NN. The presentation of the topics, however, is always very clear and easily understandable.
Struggled a bit to grasp the batch nomalization, Initially Regularization was also hard to grasp the first time, subsequent viewing made it clear though but batch norm still is a bit hazy. I am happy though we are in to Tensorflow now.
There were still a few times where I felt some clever editing could have hidden math errors but I felt the second part was already more polished and accessible than the first. I hope the rest of the series continues in this direction.
One of the best and most technical course in this Specialization: I enjoyed learning a lot on optimization algorithms. Really good practical hints on tuning and on bias variance analysis, that are very difficult to find in textbooks
Indeed this is an awesome course for any beginners in deep learning.One suggestion could be is why you have selected Tensorflow framework.Will it be possible to get same assignment in Pytorch framework which out institiute follows.
This course was excellent, however the Tensor flow at the end feels a little bit like the ML field is quickly being overtaken by the frameworks, and the Tensor flow section is a little bit tacked onto this course, maybe in a hurry.
Interesting practical suggestions regarding hyperparameter tuning and batch normalization, it could be more mathematical with more programming assignments with the effects of tuning. The TF framework was kind of surprise in Week 3
As always, great course from Andrew: easy to be understood, useful trainings and exercices. The lecture are explained slowly and repeating the important concept, always a good think.Thanks! I will proceed with my Specialization :)
The content of the course is excelent and the practice exercises very interesting and helpful. I feel there is missing a written resume of the concepts after each video, or a hand-in of the powerpoint presentations would be nice.
Pros: The course covers the basics for hyperparameters, tunning, regularization and optimization. The basics that it covers are well presented and explained. Cons: A much more detailed and intense work with TensorFlow is needed.
The course is really good and the explanation by Dr Ng is exhaustive. But I think the assignments were meant for beginner level. You will not be implementing any function instead you be writing the underlying formulas. That' it.
This is another great introduction to Depp learning frameworks apart from all the neural network performance upgrading techniques taught. This is an excellent course for building a strong foundation of deep learning fundamentals
This course was mostly well-designed especially for the first topics, but in my view, the Tensorflow part needs to be extended. It provided a brief understanding of the topics, but I do believe deeper examples might be helpful.
better than the first course since it involved breaking into new stuff w.r.t the Stanford Machine Learning course.. However, altogether not yet challenging enough to give 5 starsReally interested to go deeper into this matter..
Interesting material but a bit complex to follow all the equation derivation. Need to repeatedly watching the video to understand the content.  After learning this the hyper parameter setting in the ML setup is clearer to me.
I would like to have harder programming assignment, perhaps optional.  Because instead of understanding the problem I just had to read the question again, answer were always in questions, then copy paste and change "x" by "X"
Overall, it's pretty good. I did have a problem understanding some of the facts being communicated about gamma and beta in batch norm. Also, I think there is a problem with the last notebook. My cost did not go down as fast.
I think the last subject, the "gradient checking" looks a bit not connected to the begining of the week 2 course, it may be only me, so I will go over it again and try to understand its relevancy to the rest of week 2. Teddy
Good choice of topics to cover.  I think the central idea of some of the videos could have been summarized much more quickly, in a minute or two, with the rest of the time spent going into more depth if the student needs it.
The content of the Course is very precise and assignment truly reflect what is been taught in the lectures. Explanation and presentation of algorithms are what I like the most. Assignment were very engaging and interesting.
The class should include more introduction on the current ml frameworks such as tensor flow etc. Possibly it should include one more project for the ml framework. Hope to give students more experience on the ml frameworks.
Good and detailed information on how to tune parameters, optimization techniques and regularization. I'm confident that this course learning will help me in training NN to better convergence in a shorter time than earlier.
I would have liked more details on the math.  Furthermore, I think that the discussion of TensorFlow was a bit too short.  Although I was able to do the assignment I have not yet developed an understanding of TensorFlow.
Very InterestingAs usual, it is very good from theory point of view. Practical examples are also really interesting.Do not expect to be autonomous after the course, as you won't be able to use Tensorflow or Keras alone.
I'd make the tesnsorflow section a separate week with much more elaboration, the first time (in both course 1 and course 2) I felt a subject was lacking information. It's mostly noticeable in the programming assignment.
The course really takes the student by the hand through the exercises. The disadvantage is that it is not really necessary to understand what you are doing. Just follow the guidance. But on the whole really satisfactory
Very exciting and interesting course overall but the programming assignment with Tensorflow was not practical in my opinion. Instead having practical experience building NN with Keras might have been the better choice.
Generally the course is very good! I liked that I could manually implement the steps of hyperparameters tuning. I wish there was a bit less boilerplate code. Implementing everything from scratch would be more valuable!
Could be Greatly improved by having us build a NN using previous learning's with the only change being use of SoftMax for Cost. Then have us use TF to do the same and compare the code effort, and the results 1-to-1...
The explanations are amazing. I do not qualify with 5 stars as I think that practice can be structured in a better way. If the practice is done after each module in each 'week' it would help to retain main concepts.
Good course overall. but labs could be expanded. Don't know if the Coursera platform supports it, but labs between lectures about different topics would be nice instead of having all practical exercises at the end.
Nice course, as always!But I think the hyperparameter tuning methods are hopelessly outdated / missing the most promising current developments. A pity since this is such a central part of the actual work with DNNs!
You can get a better insight as to how to improve neural networks that go beyond the fundamentals. The quizzes and assignments helps you get a hands-on experience of the theoretical material covered in the course.
HiI enjoy the course a lot!for tensor flow - I am not sure if its me or the course - but I need much more training to start thinking the tensor flow way. maybe i will practice more on real work cases.thanks !Oriel
You've learned deep neural nets but on the first problem you apply them to  they seem to not work or learn to slowly. Don't panic, all you may need is a little fine-tuning, that is what this course will teach you.
After this second course you will be able to start build things using Tensorflow. Really great to see how good this course is structured. Things from course one is comming back making it easy to grasp new content.
Overall, the course is interesting and introduces systematically technical details. There are still some confusing part in the assignment. For example, the direction in the last assignment is kind of misleading.
The explanation and examples are very informative throughout the course. The quizzes and the assignments are highly related to the topics covered in the videos which provide a solid understanding of the course.
Some very interesting consideration, though I would have liked a section about reproducibility and randomisation (including for GPU trainining), though I understand that this is framework and language dependent
Some of the programming assignments are a bit confusing, and the grader seems to suffer from bugs at the moment. Nevertheless I found especially the part on optimization algorithms very helpful and interesting.
The insights and intuitions Andrew communicates are good, but as he starts to point out towards the end of this course, in practice one uses a DL Framework and you don't code these things from the ground up.
Extremely well designed course, the key reason for 4 stars is Andrew Ng's amazing leactures. The programming assignment though do quite a bit of handholding which can be reduced. Amazing experience overall!
The course is great for beginners, and I'll recommend watch the vid with Deep Learning on MIT Press. The only cons for me is that subtitle is toooo big, I wish I can change the font size on the vid setting.
Very short, but very interesting. Some more advanced topics are presented that students don't typically learn on coursera courses, such as improvements to gradient descent, batch normalization, and dropout.
Good course, not quite as intuitive as the first course in the specialisation 'Neural Networks and Deep Learning' but still very good. Its also great to have some exposure to Tensorflow through the course,
Great course. One star was taken off, as I would like to see more in-depth info on Batch Norm and a bit more discussion on how to compute gradients in case that is used. But generally that's a minor detail
This course helped in deepening knowledge about optimization techniques and how they could make ML/DL algorithms robust while training. This also provides a good introduction to the Tensor flow framework.
The lectures are all really good, but the programming assignments feel like they hold your hand too much. It's very easy to sort of slide through them without having a good understanding of the material.
Everything till now was good, But I can't tell why my forward propagation method is rejected although it matches the expected output. So my marks were deducted for it without any reasonable explanation.
A bit boring with this course at the first sight, but later when you work with the real system, this course can be a bible for you. The valuable experiences from Andrew Ng are shared through this course
Though very good, his course might be a little less polished than the previous. One more week diving into frameworks would (maybe keras to see a more functional level of Framework) would be appreciated.
There was no exercise on hyper-parameter tuning so the course seemed incomplete. I think week 3 should be split into 2 weeks with first week focusing on hyper-parameter tuning and second on TensorFlow.
Ng is an excellent teacher, and it was fun to learn about programming frameworks. However, the programming exercises are very simple, and the videos about numerics go very slow, thus 4 stars and not 5.
Very good course, useful and smart. Some of the example are on tensorflow 1 but I think that they will update them soon to keras tf2  Thank you!I will pass on what I have learned here to undergrads :)
very useful course, especially the last tensorflow assignment. the only reason i gave 4 stars is due to the lack of practice on batchnorm, which i believe is one of the most usefule techniques lately.
Assignment in week 2 could not tell the difference between 'a-=b' and 'a=a-b' and marked the former as incorrect even though they are the same and gave the same output. Other than that, a great course
great and practical insight. carefully crafted assignments. still coding in python and the quirks coming with it are sometimes of equal difficulty if not worse than understanding the explained theory
Excellent content. The grader seriously needs to be updated thogh. For example, it needs to be Python2 and Tensorflow2 compatible and also needs to be robust in handling common syntaxes such as "-=".
Would have liked to see the math and more complete explanations for all the things that Prof. Ng glosses over by saying "you don't really need to understand XYZ".  Even if this material was optional.
Could have increased assignments and some more indepth knowledge of tensorflow and proper installation way of tensorflow cause mine is showing error when iam trying to practice as shown in the video
I think this course is great. Because we learn about some definitions about hyperparameters, optimization which are frequently appears in papers or in the functions in some Deep Learning frameworks.
very good course with deep knowledge of each parameters. Little bit stretched at tensorflow. A bit of overview on tensorflow API and tensorflow architecture could have been better before exercises.
Great teaching from Andrew Ng as always. Would've loved to learn the math behind optimization techniques, but nevertheless Andrew gave intuitions of the algorithms which cleared up a lot of stuff.
few minor errata within the assignments that haven't appeared to be fixed even 1 year after reported. But otherwise learned a lot and enjoyed the course style and will continue to learn this spec
one remark for the last assigment, the neural network to read the hand signs, once finished and validated , I tried with my own pictures from my webcam, and it never worked (always predicting 2).
Having a good understanding of tuning the Hyperparameters is key to build powerful neural networks.The course helped me to keep a focus on tuning and understanding the relationships parameters.
very quick moving but the assignments were too easy - they give you too much of the code (both the surrounding code which is fine but also the precise code for running optimisers for example.
This course helped me a lot to clear my confusion regarding various Machine learning jargon of words. It gave a intuitive understanding and helped solidify my foundation in Machine Learning.
I like this course a lot! 4 star due to the programming assignment. It is well designed, but hope the assignment could be more challenging instead of just giving us a taste of deep learning.
The concepts were explained in a very understandable way. I would give it 5 stars if it treated the subjects in a deeper mathematical way and if the tensorflow version used was 2 and not 1.
The course is interesting but I am not sure that the best learning strategy is to fill in some lines within a program. I am disappointed that I can not download the material for future use.
With the basic knowledge I earned in course 1, it was very helpful attenting this coruse on improving Deep NN and I took a lot of notes during the course, to which can refer in the future.
Nice course for improving deep neural networks , they will show the all the paths available to improve a neural network , all you have to do is explore it based on your passion and need :)
The course content is great but the ending lacks tensorflow implementation of regularisation, hyperparameter tuning, learning rate decay, etc. and aslo still not confident enough in those.
The final programming task might contain minor bug, passed all sub-sections, but the final one result didn't match with the provided results, better provide more info for easier debugging.
Good material. The exercises are a little bit easy. The worst part is that after the last assignment, the certificate is done immediately and you don't have a chance to correct any errors.
Excellent lectures, well prepared, very good examples, great teacher. I would happily give it 5 stars, if not the constant issues with Coursera infrastructure, crashing notebooks/kernels.
The course is very interesting and fairly well laid out but some simple typos can cause some confusion and they have been there for a long time based on some info in the discussion forums
Nice course. Great introduction to hyper parameters in neural networks and also nice assignment on tensorflow. It would have been even better if they introduced tensorflow in more detail!
Good material and some very nice practical tips. A few typos here and there in the course material made it difficult at times to debug the code, which is the reason for docking one star.
Good covering of many implementation aspects of neural networks. I find the practical exercises to lean on the tedious side while not bringing a tremendous amount of learning themselves.
It was somewhat frustrating to spend so much time coding raw python, just to discover that TF can do all of that with one-liners. Nevertheless it was valuable to learn the nitty-gritty.
Some extra information on various optimization algorithms will be good. Moreover, if there are links to some of the research papers and resources to dive into, it will help out a lot.
Excellent course, but I did not learn many new things (some just from a different angle). Maybe the course description should be updated to be more specific about the target audience.
Some very interesting material for beginners. At times it feels like concepts are being repeated over and over again, but there is enough new concepts to keep it worthwhile to repeat.
Not so much different with the materials in the Machine Learning course from Prof. Andrew Ng itself. If you don't have the time to finish the ML course, then you should take this one.
The mathematical explanations were very good. But the coding task is always left to do at once. If it can be set after the corresponding videos as a module it would be great I think.
It is an excellent course. The only weird thing it is that it uses Tensorflow 1 instead of 2. I get it why is it done, but perhaps it would have been more useful to keep using numpy.
Awesome material, and everything is well explained. I would've liked that the programming exercises were a little more challenging, though going through the code shines a nice light.
As always Andrew Ng's clearly explains all the concepts along with practical programs. I would strongly recommend doing this course for a good solid understanding of neural networks.
While video lectures are very well explain subject matter, practical assignments are pretty frustrating since most of the time you will be battling jupyter notebook and auto grader.
Very good course, although it'd be awesome if Andrew went over the backprop associated with Batch Normalization and perhaps a programming example of using Batch norm on my test set.
The graded functions could be a bit more free form, forcing you to think more about it. I sometimes feel that I'm more solving the "template", than I am thinking about neural nets.
Personally, I would like to have more programming exercises on the things that are taught (Hyperparameter tuning, Regularization) in order to compare how different techniques work.
Just enough explanation of material to get started on using DNNs for my own tasks. Assignments are easy, though provide good explanation of what is occurring in each line of code.
It's okay. It's get a bit hairy with all the notation and varied intuition, but it follows suit and is not impossible to understand! Thank you Dr. Ng, I look forward to more. Ugo
You learn about improving your capacity in the modeling and logic in your neural networks. This course is full of tips and tricks very important in your career in deep learning.
explained very well, interesting and engaging assignments, sometimes I get lost with all the mathematical representation and details but overall very good course I recommend it.
Everything was great. Every peace of information scratch in my mine. I learned a lots from course.In the last part; Tensorflow has dramaticly changed but content didn't renewed.
everything you need to do is given in form of the hint. That was a 
nice course in terms of the explanations, but too easy in terms of 
applying it in a programming assignments.
Great for the most part, but the TensorFlow assignments felt flat and "incomplete." I ended up using Hands-On Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn & Tensorflow to bridge the gap.
There were a few errors in the final assignment and grading is very slow. That being said, the course was informative and provided some additional "tools" to add to my toolbox.
Good course, as the previous ones. I wish we had the possibility to download the slides or get some summary notes... Going back to the videos to check some infos is not handy.
Like this course. It gives you good basic understanding of how to optimize you Deep Neural Network. But sometimes it is not so much practice. But this is not critical for me.
Tensorflow Version used in last assignment is old and syntax has been changed in tensorflow 2.0, it should  be updated. But Overall very knowledgeable  and insightful course.
The course help me to understand more clearly the optimizers as well as the process of pyperparameter tuning. I think the assignments should be a little bit more challenging.
Kind of short, well explained, good assignments. The tensorflow video is for version 1 of tensorflow, so I was unable to follow along with it. Other than that, good course.
the course is focused on the main elements  - it's a lot of material to work through  - it would also be good to elaborate a project (could be an own one) during the course
This course made a lot more sense to me, compared to the first one. Still a bit excessive on calculus in my opinion, but I guess calculus makes more sense for other people.
It's comprehensive, even covering tensorflow. More details on tensorflow are suggested. Also the theory are more abstract and not quite well explained as previous courses.
Week 2 was very informative, Prof Andrew discusses the concepts behind gradient descent and momentum in detail. The programming exercises could have been more challenging.
The videos were great! Personally I was lacking some additional reading material and more quizzes. Other than that, the course demystified different optimization technics.
A very good course. The current course content related to Tensorflow syntax detail (week 3) can be improved. Future coursework should probably use the latest framework/s.
A great course to learn how to make our deep learning models better. The flow of the course is superb. The only thing I felt can be improved was the level of assignments.
Good coverage of practical issues in hyper-parameter tuning, regularization, and optimization of algorithms. Would be better if it covers TensorFlow 2.0 (instead of 1.0).
couple of problems in notebook files (especially in the last homework) wasted my time, but it was a great course and to understand the math behind and learning tensorflow
Some of the Topics like tensorflow should be have some more explaination but even though the course is excellent and as far as for Andrew Ng ,he is best among the bests.
Learning a lot. But full of boiler plate codes. It would be great if students were challenged with programming. Writing a formula even in code is easy for most students.
I would like to have a brief introduction to Tensor Flow or a simple beginners tutorial (at least to have it clearer the usage of variables, constants and placeholders)
As always, the explanations are very clear. I would've just preferred if the newer versions of TensorFlow with the eager execution was included in the course syllabus.
Was tough understanding the concept, but google and maintaining notes really helps this class. All the concepts required understanding the concept exist in the course.
Gives good information on how to tune your parameters so that the neural network gives awesome results. Really important course for beginners as well as intermediates.
This is a very necessary and informative course after knowing the basics of neural networks.As this course covers all details to speed up the neural network learning.
Very well articulated course and brings out the concepts very well. I wish there was a bit of more guidance to sudden introduction of tensor flow, especially syntax.
It was a very great course , I've learned a lot things from it, But the only problem is that in the Last assignment we were using Tensorflow1 instead of Tensorflow2
Great course! Very comprehensive and detailed, loved the examples and the assignments. Some concepts cold have been explained a bit clearly but overall pretty good.
These course really are 5 star learning but in terrible terrible need of video editing. We see outtakes, we see all three takes Andrew took to try to say something.
Some issues saving my Python code. I'd complete and submit or complete in part and return and my work would not save or I'd get marked incorrect in the assignments.
Excellent course.Shame about the total lack of support available for questions about problems I encountered.  When I am paying for something, I expect some support.
Really well structured course,the instructor explains every point to the most accuracy and helps us in gaining an very detailed understanding of all the concepts.
Course content is awesome, but I feel should have chosen PyTorch instead of TensorFlow, which seems easy and better than TensorFlow.except that course is awesome.
Great introduction to the tuning options for Neural Networks. Would have loved more visual representations of how different options affects learning and accuracy.
Some oversights in programming assignments and the week by week content is not very balanced in terms of effort/time spent. Otherwise, I would have given 5 stars.
Introduction to tensorflow was kept a bit too short for my taste and the coding part was mainly copy pasting the instruction text from above, making it too easy.
Best course explains the whole concept in detail and taught by one of the most excellent ML teachers Andrew Ng must to understand the working of Neural Networks
Thanks for providing the coursera for me to learn more about DeepLearning!But the web sometimes cannot open the jupyter, the net work is so unstable to log in .
Great course - Some small typos in the programming exercises and the Tensor video felt a bit rushed (needs 1 more video or lengthier explanations would suffice)
A big step forward to understanding how to tune neural network performance. Didn't learn all of this even through a couple of years of trial and error on my own
I suffered too much to handle Tensorflow since it's not well explained for beginners throughout the programming assignment. The rest of the course is awesome.
good course, but unfortunately different with network and deeplearning course, that has fast response mentor. But all in all the course is full with knowledge
Excellent material!  There was one error in the last assignment that cost me a lot of time.  Please fix that.  Otherwise, very useful programming assignments.
Very Good Course to understand Step by Step Hyperparameter tuning, Regularization and Optimization to improve Deep Neuaral Networks & Practical Assignments !
Great course and great teacher. The skills in this course is very practical. But I think the assignment should use tensorflow version 2 instead of version 1
Learned a lot about tuning and different frameworks. Definitely math-intensive and more of a brief overview than a deep dive of these techniques and tools.
improving Deep Neural networks :Hyperparameter tuning,Regularization and optimization course was amazing! thank you so much coursera and Andrew Ng sir! :))
Similar focus should be given on programming assignments with a extensive discussion forums. Encourage learners to find functions themselves using google.
Please offer a lecture note in detail instead of just ppt shows for each class video, not to mention that some are missing which is inconvenient to recap.
Great material and lectures. Would've preferred slightly more comprehensive exercises though, and more on tensorflow(any deep learning framework) as well
The tensorflow programming assignment was a little too easy. It turned out to be more or less of a copy paste work without having to look at the TF docs.
The content was perfect but last programming assignment was excruciating! But I thank everyone involved in making this course, it was unbelievably good!
I feel like the second course was better then the first one. But there are a couple of typos in some assignments and the assignments are still too easy.
The intro of hyper parameters was from mathematical point of view as good as the basics of week 1, however practical relevance becomes not really clear.
As always - excellent lectures by Andrew Ng. However, I think that the programming assignments tend to be a it too easy and a bit too much "copy/paste".
I wish prof. Ng provided more intuitions into underlying math particularly why gradient optimization techniques help. But like it anyways, very useful!
Great material, few minor errors that need fixing throughout. Noted in forums. I expect this will improve as more take the course and feedback applied.
This course has to be updated!!!!! TF 2.0 is what we are using now, and especially for new users, it is important to start from the newest frameworks.
I missed in the course an explanation and possibly a programming assignment of different tuning algorithms, such as random search and Bayesian search.
The coverage on the subject was adequate but it will really help to make a pdf supporting document to highlight the hyper parameter tunning approach.
Probably a little too follow your nose at this point in the specialisation. But none-the-less very good. Would give 4.5 stars if that were an option.
Still some flaws + inaccuracies + video sequences that should be cut out. I think the organizers should really do it as people are now paying for it!
Last Tensorflow assignment has some output typos and bugs when using operators like @ and +. Course was ok, but that assignment took me way too long.
Great course to deepen my knowledge after first course. However, I would like to access more programming exercise for practice. That will be perfect!
I think this course would benefit from a little more explaining. There are a lot of new concepts and some explanations were too quick in my opinion.
Enjoyed this course, especially the material that goes a bit deeper (different optimization methods, parameter tuning) and the intro to TensorFlow.
Less exciting than the first course, but this course is important to understanding the parameters that could affect a neural network's performance.
what I did recognize in the deeplearning specialization that there are now further reading suggestions or reading syllabus like the other courses.
This course is one of the best course for good understanding of hyperparameter tunning.And also let you know the effect of various hyperparameter.
Nice course, TensorFlow might need some more in-detail explanation because it's a different than programming with Python, but it was really nice.
Nice course and nice the Tensorflow introduction, but there are errors on the lecture and on the final test. Be aware to use the forum some times
Course was awesome, but there is an error with the grader for one of the programming assignments that took some time to search for a workaround.
Valuable lessons, but the tensorflow lesson + assignment at the end was a bit vague and hard to follow to the point of passing their test cases.
It's very good, but I would have spent more explaining the difference between adding layers and adding neurons, and how to decide the next move.
a few of the examples and expected output for the programming exercises seemed not to be correct.  otherwise great course.  highly recommended.
Good course. Kinda skips over hard bits which only leaves one with more questions. Hopefully these details are recovered in the later courses.
It's a wonderful course because it provides me how to improve deep neural networks and delve to some techniques to gain  good hyperparameters
Would have given 5 stars if the Jupyter exercise did not give me too much of a hard time looking for errors in syntax. Overall, great lesson!
Loved the easy to understand explanation given by Prof. Andrew Ng for some of the most complex concepts in Deep Learning like Regularisation.
This class is very helpful for understanding parameters of ML except week 3 class and assignment for Tensorflow which is not fully explained.
I don't understand tensorflow mechanism and when to use what function. Should I stop to learn more tf or just move on the following courses
Quite ok, but programming assignment was mostly copy-paste style. I am not able to repeat something similar independently after the course
A lot of great concepts covered in the lectures but only few were explored in the assignments. The assignments seemed fairly simple to me.
There were grading results that seemed wrong - I've submitted report on grading to explain details. Other than that, the course was great!
This course was nice for me.First Andrew Ng talks about mathematicall background of the concepts then you get hands on coding experience.
Good course. However expected some more mathematical proofs for some of the ideas like bias correction and exponential weighted averages.
Very good course. All the concepts explained very well. I just feel programming assignments were too easy, they could be a little tougher
It's really great Mr/Andrew has a good way of explaining stuff even tho i need to search some stuff on youtube for greater understanding
I loved the course, as it provided concise explanations and covered all important topics required in Deep Learning. Thank you Andrew Ng!
Would have been 5 star but I found typos in the assignments and exercises -which have still not been corrected which is quite surprising
Its good hands-on course but to master it will certainly requires to dwell more into the specifics and need to work on various projects
Was a great course. Learnt conceptually and implemented Momentum,ADAM & rmsprop. Wish there were more exercises to explore TensorFlow .
I would have liked more programming exercises related to regularization and hyperparameter tuning, but TensorFlow was well introduced.
I liked the course. I just think there should be more assignments. Perhaps after each week because the content is dense and complex.
Too much spoon feeding in the programming exercises, could have asked us to make a model with atleast x accuracy then left us alone.
This was the toughest course since lot of mathematical, especially statistics back ground is required. However, I could complete it.
Its require basic python programming for implementation of neural networks , different models techniques to get perspective of it .
One of my best courses i have ever participated in, i gained a lot of knowledge and knew the underlying mathematics of every model.
Second step of the specialization, a bit less rewarding than the fist course as more fine tuning and less overview of deep learning
Programming assignments could have been more challenging. Otherwise, the course instructor is pretty awesome!! Thank you Andrew Ng.
Good material and definitely essential in order to gain a lot of time aiming at the right direction navigating all these parameters
Very good course. I would have liked a little longer introduction to the tensorflow architecture and less help on the assignements
A good introduction to gradient descent algorithms and hyperparameter tuning  with a little TensorFlow thrown in for good measure!
Good course, Hyperparameter tuning, Regularization and Optimization are well explained, and the Tensor Flow lab is very useful too
Tips are very useful! Have some typos/errors in assignments, more coding work can help understanding. Thanks for sharing, Andrew!
Many practical tricks such as tuning hyper parameters and the use of major optimization techniques such as batchnorm and dropout.
I think a bit more hands on teaching would be better for this course and also if you could mention resources it would be better.
Very interesting course. But a bit fast I would say. Sometimes I didn't feel the programming assignments were that challenging.
The course was great overall, but I wish we had more involvement in the set up of the programs in the programming assingments.
It would've been much easier if the graded functions of the tensorflow practice assignment would've been explained separately.
Nice basics that help understand the fundamentals. The last part of the course should be upgraded to Tensorflow 2.0 already...
Again awesome explaining by Andrew, although I feel Batch Normalization should be a bit stressed upon and explained in detail.
Well detailed course.. Tensorflow is very basic and it could have been improved if one can visualize graphs too in tensorboard
Explains neural nets like a tutorial more than a formal course. Overall pretty insightful. Also, instructor can speak louder.
Great course!!  The only improvements I'd suggest is more difficult assignments (less guided) and more written documentation.
Very good - wouldve been more effective if included the questions part way through the videos as previous courses have done.
This course was a little bored for me. I already knew a little bit about hypertuning so I felt that the course moved slowly.
Provides a good code skeleton to build a neural network, but would unlikely have one poised to do improvements on their own.
Some assignments, even though I get the same result as the output given, it get marked as wrong... Please try to rectify it
Very good course from the excellent Andrew Ng.Some typos and some glitches in the video, hopefully it will improve in time.
Good paceOnly drawback is that some of the safe checks are wrong in the programming assignments, even with the right seeds.
It is definitely very informative, but I wish the lectures would be more in depth in regards to the derivation and proofs.
Really love the course, the quizes and programming assignments. But not 5 stars cause the audio quality is extremely poor.
course content was very good, but this course should be longer. there was a lot of material covered in a very short time.
More pragmatic approach with theorems would be more appealing....or maybe it is me as i'd prefer Java (DL4J)...not sure
The theorical part is perfectly explained. However, the program assingment of the las week is not as good as expected.
Thanks a lot for clearly explaining of intuition about algorithms and optimizer. More ever, great design of assignment
Outstanding material. Would like to thanks Mr. Andrew Ng Sir for providing such a nice and detailed description.THANKS
I really enjoyed the classes, in the training I would've liked to try and improve the model with all the tools learned
Great practical insights. I wish there were programming assignments on "Hyperparameter tuning" and "Batch norm" too.
Good intro to the available tools. Very guided course. For concepts to really stick, own projects or courses needed.
it's good, but definitely not as good as the first course since Prof. Ng was not very clear on some of the concepts.
The course itself is great, but the notebook (programming assignment system) is not stable, it's annoying sometimes.
Useful information, good intuition, but lack of formal results. More homework would improve the learning experience.
It was a great course. Really well taught by Professor Andrew Ng. Some "from the scratch" coding assignments needed.
I hated the tensorflow part though. Would have much preferred it if we could have moved away from jupyter notebooks.
Very good content overall. Very well explained and good examples. Many mistakes in the comments in the assignments.
Content is good, but assignments are not interesting. Some application oriented assignments will be be encouraging.
Very good course, all relevant and well explained. I think it just needs and update for working with TensorFlow 2.
Like all other andrew ng courses this course is also the best course to deep dive into neural network algorithms .
I would like to see more programming assignments. They are very well done and it'd be great to have more of those.
I would really benefit from this course if more assignments are provided to try different data sets and scenarios.
Absolutely love the course and the way Andrew teaches us, though I have a little bit discomfort in writing codes.
A little bit to theorical and with too many guidance at some points and not much at some other (for TF functions)
I liked the course, but the explanation of tensorflow needs more propaedeutic introduction for a learner like me.
Really helpful ! Too much concepts to understand but only applying few in the course. I really liked this course.
Good course to get familiar with hyperparameters and improving the neural networks. And cliff hanger was amazing!
Nice and practical. The assignments could go a step further in trying out different things to get better results.
The contents are explicit and adequate but I think It would be better if I could get more exercise about coding.
It was great course, however, I would have liked it to be a lot slower with more time being spent on Tensorflow.
Very well explained, but the Tenserflow explanation is shallow for those that have less programming experience.
This Course Helped me a lot in learning how to get best-optimized models by tuning Hypermeters.I really like it
A good course that provided more intuition on which models to work with and how to tune parameters effectively.
The Jupyter notebooks had a lot of mistakes which wasted a lot of my time otherwise the course content was good
Good lectures, but the jupyter notebook examples are inconsistent and sometimes use deprecated Tensorflow code.
I particularly benefited from the explanations of dropout, batch normalization and the RMSProp/Adam optimisers.
TensorFlow needs more time dedicated to it. I didn't completely understand the concepts behind this framework.
really loved the course material but would have loved it more if it gave more in depth tutorials on tensorflow
Nice and clean; with nice focus in the framework; but they also could be more in depth regarding the exercises
Really helpful in terms of practical application and tricks/tuning for DNN. Also starts on TF which is bonus!
Quizes as part of middle of lectures help to check the understandings. For many lectures quizzes are missing.
explanation is very good but assignments need to be done comletely by student not like filling missing parts
The tensorflow portions need to be updated. Otherwise it's a great module, building on the previous courses.
-1 : Serveral bugs inside the assignments, causing 0 grades in auto graderThat said, a perfect intro to DNN.
sometimes the teacher speaks too fast to follow, but the content itself is very good and easy to understand
Very good videos but programming exercises are way too easy and some written material would be appreciated.
Maybe providing some video or reading resource for back propagation processes for batch norm would be good?
The answer in the last assignment was wrong, wasting a lot of my time. But otherwise the course was great.
its a good intro, if not a little simplistic with the coding exercises, bring back the quizzes mid lecture
A small validation output error that is still not fixed prevent to rate all stars for the exellent course.
This one is actually a little bit better than the first one, maybe less content, maybe more understandable
Excellent course. But -1 for using TensorFlow, a not-really-free framework, to introduce students to them.
An intuitive approach towards Hyper parameters. Covers the concept of optimization algorithms quiet well.
Great lectures, I'm little disappointed with TensorFlow tutorial, there should be 1 week for that only...
Fills in the tricky gaps in using DNN that are necessary to transition from basics to practical projects.
Too much code is given, which makes the programming assignments too easy. The material is great, though.
These series are generally clear and well-organized. It would be better to provide tensorflow materials.
This course so very good for person who wants to understand the optimization topic in machine learning.
Nice content; creators must try to focus on enhancing the confidence of learners to code by themselves.
Great explanation on tuning different hyper parameters and how they can effect the model's performance.
I wish it went a little more in-depth with softmax classifiers but I can find that online so it's good.
The final assignment didn't have the right instructions, a lot of misleading comments and instructions.
The professor is really good at explaining. The projects got more interesting than in the first course.
Get you to a more practical understanding of deep learning. The introduction to TensorFlow is valuable.
I would like to learn the V2 of TensorFlow. Except that. exceptional course. I love Andrew's teaching!
All is good except the submission part, sometime return submission failure without specifying a reason
Great Course ! I learned a lot, but I would have preferred another Framework though (like Pytorch) ...
Some typos in the programming assignment is still not fixed (Mentioned in top posts in the discussion)
a very informative course, I was introduced to Tensorflow through this course... I absolutely loved it
I had a bug in my compute_cost function that caused cost to spiral but the grader did not catch it....
There should have been deeper explanation for the tensor flow section. Otherwise an excellent course.
Great instruction on the fundamentals.  Probably need to update to Tensorflow 2 or just teach Keras.
This was one of the amazing courses I've ever attended on Coursera. Kudos to Andrew NG and the team.
week 3 : Tensorflow framework explanation can be much better otherwise the whole course is very good
interesting introduction about deep neuro networks with examples on how to use Tensorflow framework.
I learned very useful info, but the last programming asignment with tensorflow was a pain in the a**
A lot things I got to learn.Also the worksheet were properly designed to clear any doubt if one had
I think things could have been more difficult. Currently it is way to easy to pass the assignments.
an awesome course.....one can know more about deep learning from scratch by enrolling this course.
This course provides more tips and ideas toward deep learning and introduces tensorflow. Worth it.
Best explanation ever! Exercises should be made available even without a possibility of submission
Well explained the need of regularizations. Also python was best language to get assignments done.
An awesome course for someone who wants to learn how to tune the hyperparameters of their models.
Ran into bugs with some assignments, for example week 7 was not correctly calculating final model
Jupiter Notebook fails too offen! I had to close the window, start again, which is very annoying!
It's fun they assume you know human error rate or optimal Bayesian. It's very rare in real world.
I miss the end of video quizzes, but can't rate it lower than 4 because this course is excellent.
Some examples to be solved manually would have helped get a better understanding of the concepts
Learnt a lot of new things. Only complain i have frmo this course is the use of Tensorflow 1.x .
perhaps more practice of tensorflow is required. The tensorflow module also needs to be updated.
Some of the math may be hard to grasp, but the course gives a lot of useful information overall.
Great course, very complete and instructive! The programming exercices should yet be less guided
It is better if you can provide some proper documentation for the TensorFlow coding. (syntaxes)
Great course, learned about different hyperparameter in neural networks and their optimization.
It was a great course. I hope we are going much "deeper" in deep learning in the next courses !
I think the material is quite basic, since it is an specialization, we could go a little deeper
Deep learning is so Deep X'D. I got to learn so many new stuff which I wasn't aware of before.
The batch normalization part needs to be more comprehensive. Else, everything is just superb !
Hope to see the course materials and assignments get updated for tensorflow 2.0 in the future!
Overall a very good course. However, I was hoping for more material on programming frameworks.
Some more details & programming exercises about batch normalization could have been provided.
It could be updated to include more of the newer optimizations such as Bayesian optimization.
It is very helpful course both for theoretical and practical aspects of Hyperparameter tuning
good course, easy to understand and very nicely explained concepts about the neural networks
It seems the major part of this course is taken from the original "Machine Learning" course.
tensor flow is not understood properly else the course is very good and clean to understand
I have to complain why dont accompany videos with quiz and notes just like the ML coursera.
Content great! I'm not convinced Jupyter notebooks are the best approach for this material.
Good explanations. But tutorials can be improved to demonstrate the various tuning effects
Great course to build intuition about tuning NN. Solid Foundation in very short duration.
There was a lot of hand holding in programming assignments. It needs to be more rigorous.
Very informative course. The assignments are too trivial. Could've been more challenging.
Last programming assignments had some errors in them that could've easily been corrected.
Great content. Filled with rich techniques to improve models, hyperparameter tuning etc.
Could have focused a bit more on the tensorflow. Other than that - Great course, thanks!
It was fun to get to know other optimization techniques and how to speed up the network.
The difficulty of the course is medium. More time should be spent by learners  for this
Felt fast faced. But a good introduction to neural network hyperparameter optimization.
Course was really good, but I feel in tenserflow regularization should also be covered.
The course was very informative but the tensorflow notebook was buggy and needs fixing.
Good course, but still has some minor issues in the assignments that needs to be fixed.
Last code assignment is a mess. Looks like organizers have no intention to fix errors.
Week 3 feels a little rushed. The tensorflow material can be explained more in detail.
Lessons are very clear and insightful. I would have expected more complex assignments.
TensorFlow assignment is not good. There are many issues in submitting the assignment.
most of the topics and assignments are great! but few parts of them are a bit boring!
Some more programming exercise with an combination of all the weeks would have helped
The assignements are very instructive and useful, but they could be more challenging.
Content is comprehensive but lack of an detailed assignment of tuning hyperparameter.
Great overview. The only critique is that the practice problems are a bit spoon-fed.
learn a lot about how to fine tune hyperparameter & other regularization techniques.
Assignments are too easy. They wouldn't even require one to watch the course videos.
Very Good for knowing details . Few more practices in programming might help a lot.
4 stars for the course's rich content. minus one for the overly structured projects
Excellent course - However, the Tensorflow tutorial could be a little more thorough
A lot of good topics, but a lot of tasks are irrelevant for todays practical world
some video lectures have some audio clips repeated, often at the end of the video.
Good explanation of gradient descent w/ momentum. Nice introduction to TensorFlow.
Course content is intense. May be need more detailed videos/lecture on Tensor flow
Loved the way how Prof.Andrew Ng explained everything in such a simplified manner
Good Insights of hyper parameters with other techniques to improve learning rate.
Content was excellent and it was delivered by Andrew Ng sir in an outstanding way
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. Presents the material in an easy to learn style
they should have given more lectures on tensor flow but still it is a nice course
In my opinion,the tensorflow framework should have been set in a separate course
very good but TensorFlow requires more explanations especially in the last block
great course, last videos (except for frameworks ) were somewhat hard to follow.
More excersies  on batch norm and hyper parameter search could have been usefull
A programming assignment about batch normalization and softmax  will be helpful.
Very interesting to improve the foundations of neural networks previously learnt
Not much ground covered on implementation of hyperparameter search in tensorflow
Great course, nice explanation of optimization techniques...too less TensorFlow.
Good course could have been better expected little more on Tensor flow exercise.
Clear and simple introduction to the topics. Useful hints and 'takeaway lessons'
Should have some TensorFlow Tutorials. I have found it difficult to understand.
Good content. But I found the pace a little slow , maybe just my impatience. :)
Great insights, however the programming assignments came with some minor issues
A bit short and light to be a course on its own but still useful in the series.
This course is a bit harder than the first one although it is only three weeks.
Useful material and good teacher but the grading system has some serious issues
Video's: 5 starPractice: 3 star (it will test your copy and past skills mostly)
A great course overall. Implementation in TensorFlow 2.0 would have been nice.
Wonderful course, would have liked another assignment working with TensorFlow.
Need more in-depth about parameter tuning, but it's a very good course overall
Thanks for such amazing course. Add little bit more on Tensorflow fundamentals
Great course, still some issues in quizzes and autograder, and lack of support
Course it good, but IMHO to simple.BTW I do not have real  experience with NN.
It would be beneficial to give more details on how tensorflow optimizers work
This is an important course to go through for improving deep neural networks.
Very nice one. Focus on practical aspects that are quite necessary to use NNs
too complicated, many lessens in couple of short videos.poor video transcript
more python / tensorflow, as well as data exploration and cleaning is welcome
Excellent on the basis. could cite frameworks like hyperopt, hyperas, etc...
There are still some minor typos to correct, but it's a great course anyway!
Builds really well. Didn't know about gradient checking before this course!
activity at the end used tensorflow 1, support for tf2 would be appreciated
Programming assignments can be made more rigorous with more hands-on coding
everything is good, jypyter notebooks are slow gets confused in assignments
I really liked it because it made me specially under stable with Tensorflow
Great, but could be better. Fix the typos. Add summarized video notes. Etc.
Pls update to Tensorflow 2.0. Its a bit discouraging to learn and unlearn.
Insights about how machine learning works in real life is quite ingeniuos.
very good lecure. somewhat difficult to me. I will repeat again and again.
Very informative but got some issues with the last programming assignment.
More rigorous independent projects/assignments are needed for this course.
Would have been more helpful if TensorFlow was covered in greater detail.
Practices are more like "type after me" than a real learning opportunity.
Excelent course with very interesting insigth on tuning a multilayer ANN.
this course will help me to improve my academic skill beside help future
i rate this course 4, its really good one and learned alot in the course
Good can be improved by providing more code based video like Tensorflow.
More explanation for some of the tensorflow code could have been given.
I think TensorFlow is outdated, PyTorch is the way to go in the future.
Some tricky parts in the programming assignments. otherwise great class
too math, i hope futher parts contain more implementation than calculus
I'd like a little more focus on tensorflow, perhaps starting at week 1.
There should be more examples first of all then moving to mathematics.
Great Explation of hyperparameter tuning and best intro to Tensorflow.
A bit too technical for my taste. But useful examples to work through.
Good curriculum and to the point. TensorFlow introduced a little late.
course is not updates to tensorflow 2 but overall it is very helpful.
Suggestion of references, as a complement, would be very interesting.
Content needs update to leverage the state of the art in the subject.
It's a hard course but the materials are great and their explanations
Needs more real coding exercises taht aren't mainly just copy & paste
generally good but hope to get more assignment about parameter tuning
Course was insightful but seemed difficult to grasp at some moments.
Tough Concepts are not explained clearly like dropout regularization
Not as much detail on the topics as the first specialization course.
Learnt a lot, assignments not as complex as would have hoped though.
Material are excellent, but some assignments have little bit issues.
Batch norm concept isn't taught well. Otherwise the course is good.
I liked it, but the tensorflow introduction came to early I think..
There can be little more clarity in the Batch normalization topic.
Informative course, last exercise could be updated to Tensorflow 2
Grader is not performing well even though my outputs are matching.
Lecture were quite good. But the course assignments were too easy.
By itself, not really a couse. It should be part of the first one.
few mistakes in course assignment but overall good course material
The programming assignments were too easy, otherwise good content.
A good course. I get familiar with the idea about hyperparameter.
I would have liked to have more practice exercises about tunning.
good course but there are some small bugs in video and exercises.
Goes bit into nity grity, which would be required in the future.
Always excellent. I wish I had had Andrew as a college prfessor.
the material was good but the assignments could use improvements
Really good insight into the inner workings of a neural network.
Too less coding and practice exercises, thou the theory is great
Good but need letter recognition NN to understand what he writes
Tensorflow part was quite messy, but besides that, very helpful!
I had some issues regarding coding, but other than that, great!
Need further explanation on the optimizer with gradient descent
Great course, lecture is perfect. assignments could be improved
Good overview of optimization methods, but moves a little slow.
4 stars due to tensorflow 1 assignment instead of tensorflow 2
A little too much hand holding in the programming assignments.
Tenserflow section could have been a little bit more elaborate
programming assignment should be more open, with less guidance
Very quickly jump to almost profffi TF. It's little suddenly.
Little less well structured/organized than the first course..
not very happy about tensor flow introduction. rest was great
This was helpful.  I advise spending more time on tensorflow.
More assignments would make this course even more productive
not exactly a basic level course, its an intermediate course
Good but need to improve number of examples about tensorflow
Good course but a bit more detailed explanations were needed
good but would have been great if tensorflow is covered more
A very good introduction, but a bit basic for professionals.
Very Good Course, best if include notes for quick revision.
I think a short video on tensorflow might help the learners
Obvious problems.  Lessons and quizzes need to be polished.
Necessary background information and how-to for algorithms.
Loved the course, content and assignments are really good.
Tensorflow is kind of outdated, hard to find documentation
Less theoretical but more practical than the first course!
Very good course and a good introduction to the tensorflow
The courses are vey well organized and easy to understand.
Great course but homework assignments are a bit confusing!
Some mistakes in the notes, but overall it's a good course
This was a great course.  Batch Norm blew my mind.  Thanks
Became hard core technical but that's what it mean to be.
So far so good, but why no batch norm in last assignment.
As the 1st course, really easy to follow and interesting!
Something that you won't see in many other MOOCs, worthy!
Very good.Would be better it it touches tools like keras.
Good course , 'll get to know more about hyperparameters
A bit short on the Tensorflow tutorial, otherwise great.
Installation of tensor flow might have make it complete
Great course for Hyperparameter tuning and Optimization
Enjoyed the content and the introduction to Tensorflow.
The course was great but I think it needs more quizzes
Useful but rather dry iteration of the specialization.
Great as usual except the typos in the assignment page
more introduction to tensorflow would be appreciated.
Very disapointed the course does not use tensorflow 2
Some more basics on tensorflow would have been great!
Very good overall, exercises could be a bit more free
tensorflow sesssion should have been more descriptive
Assignments sometimes too easy, minimal input needed.
Tensorflow project was rushed and hard to understand.
I want to be challenged more, less tips and more DIY.
Short course but was really excited to delve into TF.
good PA examples, that could benefit my further study
Andrew is a great lecturer. The videos are excellent.
Course was concise and assignments were well guided.
Good course. Minor errors/typos in presented videos.
Quite not challenging in the programming assignments
Tensorflow assignment should be modified to use 2.x
TensorFlow should be updated to the latest version.
Good course, although some bugs in homework grading
very good course - gets to practical aspects of ML!
Having slides like in other courses will be helpful
There should have been more exercise on tensorflow
TensorFlow is a bit nebulous.I need more practice.
The syntax and logic of tensorflow is a bit blurry
Was great! Would have loved to see more tensorflow
Good follow-on from course 1 of the specialization
Sorry for the last review - the quiz can be saved.
Definitely improved my understanding on the tuning
Assignments are mostly copy past from instructions
it is very useful for the processing of modelling.
include key idea on the tuning of hyperparameters
Best Course For Learning Hyper parameters Tuning
REALLY USEFUL. BUT IT IS BIT HARD FOR BEGINNERS.
More than 10 videos is too much for just 1 quiz
amazing course with an amazing teaching method.
Excellent course. Bit tougher than first course
There are so many grader problems please fix it
Good course, could have done more on tensorflow
i learn a  lot of things related to tensorflow
Tensor flow should be explained in more detail
Very great course on how to tune NN in details
Builds on fundamentals, which is always good!!
More practical examples would be very useful.
batch optimization is good but not graded :-(
should provide more materials for tensor flow
I can understand concept of deep neural net!
There were some typos throughout the course.
Great but som explanations seems a bit wierd
Tensor flow stuff could be better explained
Maybe should spend more time on tensorflow?
Best TensorFlow tutorial I have seen so far
too much hand holding, no struggle to learn
Its necessary to actualize to tensorflow 2
Nice complement to the first course on ANN
more intuitive insights would be helpful
Having tensorflow is great. It's a must.
A great course and it's well explained.
programming assignments are too easy XD
Programming assignments are too simple.
Could do with more tensorflow examples
Well organized !! clear explanations !
I expected it to be in TensorFlow 2.0
it was difficult somehow but awesome
Update to TensorFlow 2.0 is required
Consistently challenging. I love it!
suggest to update to tensorflow 2.0
Very good course.highly recommended
nice one, but video quality is low
It's a very helpful course. thanks
Was nice but something is missing.
Week 3 exercice could be improved
Interesting and tough to finish.
Would like to have more practice
TensorFlow needs more explaining
last assignment need improvement
A very practical hands-on study.
Great course, incredibly useful
I would like to see more theory
Could probably be more condense
tensorflow should be told more
Thank you for your teaching :)
need more intro to tensorflow
Labs should be more difficult
Learn a lot. Pytorch needed.
some video need more explain
Good and practical knowledge
It is 5 stars if more deeper
the course content was good
More mathematics expecting
Challenging and rewarding
Learned lots of new stuff
Concepts and intuitions.
A very important course.
Audio could be clearer.
Very nice,good learning
Good job! Thanks a lot.
A great course as well.
Course is really good.
Simply Great course!!!
It was amazing course.
some kind of abstract
Need slides and notes
Good course overall!
Another Great Course
Overall good class.
Awesome content...
Thank you,Andrew
it is very good
希望更新Tensorflow2
pretty good one
Add more theory
Bad handwriting
Great revision
tf version1.X
tough one
easy bb
Thank you Andrew!! I know start to use Tensorflow, however, this tool is not well for a research goal. Maybe, pytorch could be considered in the future!! And let us know how to use pytorch in Windows.
After completion of this course I know which values to look at if my ML model is not performing up to the task. It is a detailed but not too complicated course to understand the parameters used by ML.
I really enjoyed this course. Many details are given here that are crucial to gain experience and tips on things that looks easy at first sight but are important for a faster ML project implementation
Very good course. Andrew really steps it up in part two with lots of valuable information.
Excellent course. When I learned about implementing ANN using keras in python, I just followed some tutorials but didn't understand the tradeoff among many parameters like the number of layers, nodes per layers, epochs, batch size, etc. This course is helping me a lot to understand them.  Great work Mr. Andrew Ng. :)
Very good course to give you deep insight about how to enhance your algorithm and neural network and improve its accuracy. Also teaches you Tensorflow. Highly recommend especially after the 1st course
Fantastic course! For the first time, I now have a better intuition for optimizing and tuning hyperparameters used for deep neural networks.I got motivated to learn more after completing this course.
Exceptional Course, the Hyper parameters explanations are excellent every tip and advice provided help me so much to build better models, I also really liked the introduction of Tensor Flow 
Thanks.
Andrew Ng and the teaching assistants' team of this class are obviously very very determined not to leave any single major subject in deep learning without coverage. I have been using deep learning for the past couple years, but I have to say by completing the second course of this specialization, they helped me deepen my understanding, overcome fear of implementing math and equations line by line, fix my intuitions about deep learning, and most importantly erase all the superstitions! Bravo and excellent job.
To set the context, I have a PhD in Computer Engineering from the University of Texas at Austin. I am a working professional (13+ years), but just getting into the field of ML and AI. Apologies for flashing this preamble for every course that I review on coursera.This course is the 2nd in a 5 part series offered by Dr. Andrew Ng on deep learning on coursera. I believe it is useful to take this course in order and makes sense as a part of the series, though technically it is not necessary.The course covers numerous tuning strategies and optimization strategies to help seed up as well as improve the quality of the machine learning output.  It is very well planned and comprehensive (to the extent possible) -- and gives the student a very power toolbox of stratgies to attack a problem.The instructor videos are very good, usually 10 min long, and Dr. Ng tries hard to provide intution using analogies and real-life examples.  The quizzes that accompany the lectures are quite challenging and help ensure that the student has understood the material well.  The programming exercises are the best part of the course.  They help the student practice the strategies and also provide a jump-start for the student to use the code for their own problems at work or in school.  Overall, this is an excellent course.  Thank you Dr Ng and the teaching assistants, Thank you coursera.
I would rate for this course 4.5, but Coursera's system does not have it.About the first and second week, explanation about terms in Deep Learning are very good from Prof. Andrew, the preparation for exams is quite good for you to revise lectures. I think programming exercices should be more challenge and more suggestive for students, but it was okay for me after having some knowledge from Machine Learning Course. I suggest you to finish Machine Learning Course before taking this. About the third week, i expect a lot more about TensorFlow that Mr.Andrew can give me, or maybe more intuiation about it. Moreover, Batch Norm 's explanation is quite hard to understand, because we do not have any programming exercise for it, so I hope teachers can prepare a programming exercises among with the programiing exercise for TensorFlow.
Having done multiple Udacity Nano Degrees and other deep-learning/AI courses on Coursera/edX, I can say that deeplearning specialization is probably the best and most detailed to master the basics of Neural Networks and deep learning. This course is great in helping understand tuning of hyper-params, various optimization techniques and approaches. Videos do a great job in explaining complex and confusing concepts in easy to understand style. Assignments cement the understanding further.Kudos to the Prof Andres Ng and rest of the  deeplearning.ai team for putting up such a great content.
I'm actually learning and comprehending the course, I do pause the videos occasionally to research some concepts, write some notes in a copybook but overall this specialty(so far course 1 & 2 ) is really filling the gaps in my mind to build a clearer picture of the topic of Machine Learning and Deep Learning. Andrew Ng explains really well, sometimes he through some good recommendations based in his practical experience and this is really valuable for me because it actually helps in improving the learning process.Thank you Andrew and Coursera Team.
This course is perfect bite for your hunger of Deep learning. Before taking this course I have gone through some books and and some blogs too but there was not that much of clarity to topic so finally I tried for this one and trust me this course is so organised and very informatic so go for this one, I assure you will feel more confident and knowledgeable after completing this course. I would like to thanks Coursera as well as deeplearning.ai community for providing this course and Want to specially thanks to Mr. Andrew Ng for his contribution
This is a logical continuation of the previous course. The 3-week topics were excellently chosen. Andrew did a great job of delivering the lectures. The programming assignments really reinforced my understanding. In particular, essential knowledge and equations from video lectures were reiterated in the programming assignments for review and ease of reference. The amount of work was reasonable, and the level of challenge was appropriate. I especially appreciate the instructional team for making this course open to the public.
A right balance between theory (you are required to code know the models and code them from scratch) and practice (you get an overview of the frameworks available out there to put your code into production quickly and efficiently; and time is spent on practical aspects of the training phase). A small "criticism": in the notebook, more than programming you just have to fill a template where a good part of the algorithm is already drafted for you. It is too much, students should be left scratching their heads a bit longer :)
This is the 2nd course from Andrew Ng in the "deep learning specialization". Having introduced the building blocks of deep neural networks, in this course Andrew teaches more advanced and practical concepts - like: regularization, advanced optimization techniques, batch-normalization, etc - that can significantly  improve the implementation of the models we build.Also, in this course we get to learn TensorFlow, a widely used and wonderful deep learning framework.I highly recommend this course.Thank you Andrew & Co. :-)
Great course! But I am not too sure why this should be placed in number 2, as I feel that topics such as tuning hyperparameters do not resonate well with someone who is not working professionally or is not very experienced in this field. However, still a great course as I will revisit this course when I gain more experience. I also like the last exercise on Tensorflow as there is a lack of courses on Tensorflow on the Internet, so the last assignment on Tensorflow is the most useful which I have found in the course.
Other than anything I've learned a great intuition about everything that Andrew Ng has presented in this course. Some I somewhat still feel like I still need to do some further readings and understanding because some of the concept from the course I still don't understand them. However, with the first course and this course of the deep learning specialization, I feel ready to work as a machine learning expert even if starting from bottom-up. I feel more than ready to finish the whole specialization certificate.
Course material was great, however the use of Tensorflow in the exercises requires more background than provided in the short tutorial.I get the dynamic aspect of writing the lecture notes in the videos, however the lecture notes should be "cleaned up" in the downloadable files (i.e., typos corrected and typed up).  Additionally, the notes written in the video could be written and organized more clearly (e.g., uniform directional flow across the page/screen rather than randomly fit wherever on the page.
I liked that the course gradually introduces more and more complexity and concepts without making your drown. Even though  existing frameworks (e.g. tensorflow) can be used so that most of the complexity is hidden it is still required to understand why one method should be used rather than the other. This course I believe addresses this (as well as first in this specialisation). I still wish there was more information on details but probably all that is needed are external links to extra material.
Fantastic course! You can experience short, easy to understand lectures, followed by plenty of opportunities to implement covered material, and most importantly create optimized image classifiers - like cats, dogs. I liked how up until the end of the course you had to implement everything from the scratch, not just using read-made frameworks. Finally, you are introduced into frameworks, but this deep understanding stays with you. 5/5 recommendation. Bye, I gotta finish the rest of specialization.
Good course explaining the concept of hyperparameters vs. parameters, how you can tune the hyperparameters, as well as different regularization techniques. It also provides good explanation for different optimization algorithms (enhancements to stochastic gradient descent). It is a highly recommended course for those who want to understand what is happening under the hood when using a neural network framework, like tensorflow. In the last week a brief introduction to tensorflow is also provided.
The course is great as I expected. It would be helpful if more mathematical background in videos or notes can be attached in each weeks. Moreover, more code could be given to us to write by ourselves to get much better intuition. Rest each of the specializations are awesome as was the first learning Andrew Ng course on Machine Learning. Thank you for providing such courses. This is a great deal for all such students who cannot afford to attend Ivy leagues due to their own reasons. Great Work!!
It explain neural network from the start. After doing all the 5 courses 
on deeplearning, it is hard to remember normalization formula, and every details.  Sometime some hyperparameter look like a little bullshit: You don't know how to do : add one hyperparameter and go for an argmax. But if it is how its work, then it is okay to learn it; Be ready to laugth and do not compare to pure methods like genetics or Bayesian programming that often work good. But every one should 
follow this course.
Insights into best practices and directions for common problems make it an one-of-a-kind material for learners. Andrew, as always, has been commendable with his tutor team, the exercises are well cleaned up and in good shape. May be, if some optional tough exercises are given, it will add more value.
The topics of this course, such as the setting of hyperparameters and the use of tensorflow, are critical topics for me, and in this course they are explained both in lectures and in practical tasks.
I enjoyed it, it is really helpful, id like to have the oportunity to implement all these deeply in a real example.the only thing i didn't have completely clear is the barch norm, it is so confuse
Very insightful. it would be nice, however, if the course had more information about Tensorflow 2.0.
very practical.
Hello. I am Kunjan Mhaske, a graduate student of Computer Science completing (fingers crossed!) the MS degree in December 2020. Currently, I do not have funds to take university courses till August and hopefully, I could secure the co-op or internship for August to December 2020 so that I can fund my remaining semester from it. I am interested in AI and Data Science field and currently, my major is in AI with Computer vision and Machine Learning. I heard very positive reviews about this Specialization course of Deep Learning from my friends and I wanted to complete it this summer so that I could cash this knowledge in my full-time job or internship hunt. Please refer me for any opportunity I am very much in need of financial support for the completion of MS degree as well as living costs. My email is km1556@rit.edu and https://www.linkedin.com/in/kunjan-mhaske is my Linkedin profile. Fortunately, Coursera offered me the financial aid for the first and second courses in this specialization which turns out to be very helpful for me in this situation. I have applied for the rest of the courses in this specialization. Hopefully, I could get financial aid for all the 5 courses. Although I have a 3.76/4.0 GPA, the depth of concepts explained in this course is very good for my level. I have completed this course in 6 days and I am already feeling confident about the field of Deep Learning. Thank you so much for this wonderful course material and your support. God bless you all.
I had taken Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course. I went on to learn Deep learning from other tutorials and I always wished there was a course on Deep learning too by Andrew Ng. And now that there is, It was worth the wait.1. All the topics are arranged in logical order. So you feel like a tour of deep learning. Earlier I had to refer to multiple sources for different topics and they usually had different naming and notations which were really confusing.2. Having taken about 6 top rated courses on AI domain, I can assure you Andrew Ng is the best in his teaching style and content.3. Exercises and theory go hand in hand. So, you know how to implement as soon as you learn theory.4. Out of a lot of techniques in each topics like Optimization, Regularization etc. this course picks the most contemporary techniques. This helps you not to wonder which techniques to use in your work.Overall, This Specialization is like a cookbook for AI. My appreciation and gratitude to Andrew Ng and his team for their contribution to AI.
Used to tune hyper parameters based on experience... after this course, know more about the internals and from now on, not just know HOW to tune, but WHY it needs to tune this way. As always, Andrew did fantastic work here to help explain complex formulas in simple and CLEAR way. Highly recommend it to anyone who fight with overfitting, hyper parameters tuning, etc.  It may not help you instantly become a better AI person or help you immediately help you on your day to day programming - as you most likely use various frameworks (Keras/TensorFLow/PyTorch) instead of raw NumPy. But it does help you in the long with better knowledge.  It is kinda like show you how the engine works, before teach you more driving skills.  It won't help you when your car is working fine, but when it breaks, you know how to troubleshoot and what is the right direction to go.  Honestly, I personally think the debugging part is the toughest part of AI. Take it. Period.
I'm Zeyad, an undergraduate of Computer Engineering at Alexandria University in Egypt. Taking this course really helped me to learn and study this field and also to implement it. It helped me advance in my knowledge. This course helped me defining Deep Learning field, understanding how Deep Learning could potentially impact our business and industry to write a thought leadership piece regarding use cases and industry potential of Machine Learning. This specialization helped me identifying which aspects of Deep Learning field seem most important and relevant to us, apparently they were all important to us. Walking away with a strong foundation in where Deep Learning is going, what it does, and how to prepare for it.Deep Learning specialization helped me achieving a good learning and knowledge about that field.Thank you so much for offering such wonderful piece of art.Best Regards,Zeyad
This is a really informative course and really crucial if you are planning to do a personal project or even prepare for interviews. It equips you with all the tools to get started with actually start implementing Neural Networks for a problem by 1) Teaching how to prepare data sets 2) Regularization/dropout to increase accuracy on test set, 3) Set up your optimization problem 4) Teach different  Optimization Algos 5) Teach Hyperparameter tuning and the order of importance of different hyperparameters 6) batch Normalization and lastly Tensorflow. Andrew NG is truly a master in teaching concepts in an approachable and intuitive way. I believe the course can be made even better by adding Keras to the programming frameworks module along with more videos and programming exercises for data pre processing.
It explains a bunch of complicated maths and methods in a way that is at least comprehensible by mere mortals, though not necessarily easy. Put another way, if this course doesn't enable you to understand how to tune and optimise deep neural networks, then you probably never will.The content taught in this course is really valuable because it explains a lot of what is going on behind the scenes in the existing Deep Learning Frameworks like Tensorflow, Keras, etc, and enables you to be a lot more competent and confident in producing effective models in a time-efficient way, than if you didn't have this knowledge.It also seems to have been built by peopel who not only know the material intimately, but who recognise that many of the learners are very time-poor.
I took the Machine Learning Course from Stanford with Andrew Ng a few years ago and enjoyed it but I was also somewhat overwhelmed by the math. In contrast, this is my second course in the deep learning specialization and I feel like so far the courses have struck a good balance, introducing core concepts and derivations for things but also making sure I get guided practice along the way, and also not moving straight to frameworks but having students code more or less from scratch first. I'll probably need some practice on kaggle or other datasets as well as reference to a few other learning materials to feel like a strong practitioner, but this gives the tools to make that possible and I'm very satisfied with this result.
All the courses in the Deep Learning Specialization are very good and met my expectations. I was guided through the nitty-gritties of neural networks, fortunately with a strong emphasis on Computer Vision (my area), deep diving in coherent coding exercises. Prof Andrew, as always, managed to connect the points between theory and practice, recollecting the concepts treated in past lectures, while showing how Tensorflow operates and how to use it. If you ask me, I'd say that the slides of the Machine Learning course used to be better than the slides for the 4 courses in this specialization, in the sense of being useful as studying guide for the future. The current slides only make sense to those who went through the course.
Knowing this makes the difference. How do you evolve from being a monkey behind a keyboard knowing how to tensorflow a NN to homo sapiens? The concepts provided in this course will make the job.pros: + workflow to address and optimize your supervised learning problems          + wide and easy-to-get overview on most essential concepts           + improves your understanding  of NN; those who are already familiar with these concepts might still benefit from this clear and insightfull presentationcons: - programming assignment will not suffices to give you a sufficient knowledge of tensorflow to make your own applications, you should integrate a bit. (However, mastering tensorflow is not the intention of the assignment).
Good pace for beginner as the last one. With step by step teaching us a lot of useful skills to train our model much faster, Andrew starts to put more attention on practical field, and rather than giving us many equations, he as before likes to use some vivid examples for giving us an intuition, which I think is very helpful to understand those scientific words of computer science. But it doesn't mean, that this course is perfect, even I gave a full point to it. The subtitles have a lot of mistakes and the audio is also poorly processed. Sometimes, you will hear the same words twice. But in a word, this is the best course for the beginners and the engineers who are willing to know something about ML and AI.
I loved it. It showed me practical aspects of machine learning, including how to chose the hyperparameters and how to use tensor flow. My only complain is that I'm not sure how much of this information I will retain given that the practical exercises are guided. They build a lot of the functions for you. Still I'm giving it 5 stars because I have not seen this problem solved so far in any other Coursera course. They need to find a balance between teaching you a lot and making it easy enough for most people to be able to pass the exam and not get stuck in the details. Probably they could offer extra practice automatically graded exercises for those of us who want to make sure we won't forget the material.
I'd highly recommend this course to any of my colleagues interested in Deep Learning.It is a great followup to Deep Learning and Neural Networks.My one 'complaint' is that the mathematical depth is too shallow for someone like me (PhD, Mathematical, Computational and Experimental Physics)It would be great if there was a course that was targeted to people with advanced STEM degrees, and years and years ( 4 decades in my case) of software engineering experience, where more time was spent on the mathematical framework, and the basic algorithms; that way, I'd have the satisfaction and pleasure of constructing the full algorithm implementations myself.That being said, once again, Andrew is a great teacher.
I was very impressed with the quality of Dr.Ng's teaching; simple enough to build confidence in your understanding of the inner workings of neural networks yet thorough enough to prepare you for deeper study (academic or otherwise). For $50 this course is a steal; you could go gather all the information & struggle through it yourself but be prepared to spend a lot of time & effort sifting through mis-information. After taking the 1st coarse I was impressed; course 2 follows in a similar vain. Some of the courses offered through Coursera are more polished than others; if you're at all curious in deep learning, or even if you've already begun your studies, do NOT miss out on this opportunity.
Previously, I have taken online classes before in Machine Learning by going the cheap route (Udemy, blogs, youtube) and you get what you pay for. Andrew Ng explains it the most thorough, easiest, and simplest way possible.  Presentation material is very understandable. Great class for new machine learning learners. Highly recommend it. The only downside is that the programming exercises are little too easy in my opinion. I feel like the best way to get your hands dirty is to do actual projects (do your own projects). These lectures are good for intuition and background of different types of Neural Network architectures. Other than that, Great material. Thanks Andrew!
This course has been the game-changer in my understanding of the concepts of hyperparameter tuning and optimization. The conceptual knowledge of various tuning techniques along with the theoretical and practical information about the algorithms like GD with Momentum, RMSprop, and Adams have made me confident. The introduction to the machine learning framework along with the assignment focusing on Tensorflow has also made me confident to learn more and prepare better projects. As I have mentioned in my previous course review as well the programming assignments are extremely useful and very much important for the understanding of various deep learning concepts.
Andrew ng is simply the best. He is by far the number one teacher for ML. He explains the materials in such an intuitive way like no one else. I think that for my needs, he introduces just the right amounts of math and practicality. This course really showed me how gradient descent optimization methods work. From before, I knew about these optimization methods and what they do, but never fully understood them. After taking this course I feel much more confident using them. The transition to tensorflow is done at the perfect time. After writing NNs yourself using numpy (first course in this specialization), you can truly appreciate tensorflow.
Thank you Prof. Ng and Cousera for this amazing course! It was totally helping me with my career development and with feeding my interest in Machine Learning science itself! Upon cancelling my subscription of this course, I would to like to let you know that, it had to happen simply because coursera's webpage wasn't smoothly running with my current network based in China. The browsing and watching experience wasn't very idealized and it sort of discouraged me from keeping using it. If the issue could be solved, I am sure more people in my location will be attracted and encouraged to use Coursera.Stay safe and I hope you all the best,
Great in depth explanation from ground up on how to tune parameters. Including many personal experience by Andrew Ng throughout years of experience of handling AI projects. Before going into quick shortcut by using the Tensorflow libraries, it is really useful to know the concepts and intuition on how Deep Learning works from ground up. Also teaches you how to solve with many problems in overfitting, underfit, reading the results. In short, his experience that has seen many researches spent too much time into creating projects, and end up hitting brick walls, is summarised with suggestion on how you can avoid that in your AI project.
The course is amazing, the instructor explains everything with a good level of comprehension. All the covered topics are easy to understand, and the tips given are valuable. The examples given are new including also the information seen in the previous course, so you have a review of parts of the content you have seen. Although he keeps using the cat example, he introduces new other applications that are useful. I wish that the last assignment were a little bit harder, or that we could use our previous knowledge and complement it with this new, but I suppose that it is this way because of pedagogy and it focus on the topic.
This course is wonderful! Hats off to Prof. Andrew. The explanation for each topic is step wise and well organized. Every detail and reasoning is covered up. Even though there is a lot of content in this course, it is easy to remember and understand most of it, because of the way it is explained. The programming exercises are well planned and guide you through the code well. This course also has a brief introduction to TensorFlow, which is explained well through its programming exercise. Overall, this course is really good for those who are looking to master the methods to improve and optimize Neural Networks.
The second module of the deep learning specialization is excellent. You will learn best practices regarding hyper-parameter tuning, how regularization can be used in Neural Networks, optimization algorithms such as Momentum, RMSProp and Adam. In addition, you will be able to build your first machine model using tensor flow as part of the practical assignments. Professor Andre NG explains the content clearly and it is very pleasant to watch his lectures. I definitely recommend this course because it will give you confidence to build your own models and will provide several additional tools in your tool-belt.
Anyone who wants to excel in the field of AI must absolutely follow the 5 courses of this specialization in deep learning offered by the deep learning.ai indeed the courses of the specializations will bring you a deep knowledge of the field because it is important that all those who want to embark on a career in AI, understand the fundamental concepts very clearly, as it will help them to design powerful AI models ready to be exploited for me. I'll help you say start now, not tomorrow. Tomorrow is a loser's excuse. many thanks to deeplearning.ai and coursera to share this knowledge...Orson Typhanel MENGARA
As with the first course in this specialization, the presentation was spot-on and the content was rich. The practical application is a wonderful tool for learning and I feel as though I have learned much more than I might have in a traditional classroom. I also feel that this course was slightly more challenging than the first, and introduced me to a few concepts I hadn't heard of before despite other research and development in AI/ML. Thank you so much for your dedication to sharing your knowledge and introducing new students to some of the brightest minds in the field with the optional interview videos.
It is very important for students to feel that the instructor and the education system are in their side, not in the confronting side. I feel like the whole deeplearning.ai course, from design elements to teaching, are in my side, they are here to help me learn. It is great! The negative side is using TensorFlow1. The python package is clearly an interface to a lower level language, and thus either some background in that language is needed to understand the process better, or it is better to migrate to TensorFlow2.  Why TF1 when version 2 is available and it is much easier?
small description error on the last project.  tensorflow tutorial project.X, Y = create_placeholders(12288, 6)print ("X = " + str(X))print ("Y = " + str(Y))X = Tensor("Placeholder:0", shape=(12288, ?), dtype=float32)Y = Tensor("Placeholder_1:0", shape=(6, ?), dtype=float32)Expected Output:X	Tensor("Placeholder_1:0", shape=(12288, ?), dtype=float32) (not necessarily Placeholder_1)Correct this  from Y	Tensor("Placeholder_2:0", shape=(10, ?), dtype=float32) (not necessarily Placeholder_2)to:Tensor("Placeholder_2:0", shape=(6 ?), dtype=float32) (not necessarily Placeholder_2)
This course goes into the various parameters and hyperparameters of deep neural networks, as well as suggestive values for ones we can use. This course is short in duration, but a lot of content is developed in here. It touches in on Tensorflow. The template based assignments provide great intuition for getting right on to the topics being taught, however, I feel there should be scope for more programming assignments where the student should be able to write more of that template as well. All in all, Andrew Ng is a great teacher and it was a pleasure to learn from him.
At the time of writing this review, I have completed 3 of the 5 courses.  I personally think these 3 courses are not merely courses to fill up the specialization.  It is a journey, an incredible one.  I will write metaphorically.  My journey so far is like becoming a magician with Course 1 on how to become one, then went on to Course 2 to learn from the master magicians, their secrets revealed and Course 3 on what to do to put up a good show at Las Vegas trying to fool Penn and Teller.  This specialization is my treasure vault.  Great job to Prof Andrew Ng and team.
This course provided me with an understanding of the large number of hyper parameters that have to be tuned during a deep learning project. It gave me an insight on when different techniques like regularization and (the many different forms of) optimization need to be applied. The only quibble I have is that the material on the choice of the number of layers and the number of hidden units per layer was thin. Given that these values have a great impact on the speed of progress in a deep learning project I would have liked to have seen a little more emphasis on them.
This course offers ground knowledge in all mayor concepts of non-recursive neural network and is excellent preparation to further exploring of this topic. Lectures cover broad choice of topics and discusses many problems you might encounter during your journey. Professor Andrew Ng explains theory in a way which builds good intuition and gives you building blocks for face the challenges of machine learning. If you are fluent with calculus or have academic background and expect to discover math behind the scenes I think you will be content too. I surely was.
The concepts has been explained in a fantastic way. But few suggestions:-> After every lesson, I would love to have more pop quizes. This was the case with course 1, but I didnot get any pop quizes for this one.-> In the quiz assignment, it would be nice to have an explanation or justification section, which will explain that why the option selected is a correct one and why the other options are incorrect. I know we can have the same discussion in the forums, but such an explanation ( one liner should be fine) can provide a good instant knowledge boost!
Another very well done course. You do a good job describing the benefits of Batch Norm, a lot more intuitively than presented in Szegedy's paper, which is pretty math heavy. However, I did notice one little ERROR on the Tensorflow project page, albeit an insignificant one. Double check that the expected output shape for the cell that outputs the shape of the training set and testing set. One of the expected outputs said that the test set should have 10 possible classes, when the dataset is for 0-5 fingers. This would be a very strange looking hand ;)
This is a practical course on how to work with neural networks. It covers a collection of "tips" and techniques, all grounded on a solid theoretical framework,  to make a classifier train faster and be more accurate. The explanations are all engaging and interesting, and the assignments are rather easy.The knowledge gained from this course is probably what everybody working in machine learning already knows, but if you are new to the field this is a great way to get up to speed fast and start implementing neural networks for your own projects.
Pretty solid class, learned a lot of basic concepts. The class won't go into a lot of mathematical details about the algorithms however, there is enough intuition provided in order to understand the inner workings of the algorithms and the logic behind them. The only con I have is that some of the programming exercises look outdated with the current versions of the notebook. For example, in my last exercise I couldn't make the NN with tensorflow to work properly but got 100/100 nevertheless.
This course covers details about neural network implementations that are extremely useful in practice. In fact, after completing week 1 and learning about vanishing gradients, I was finally able to debug a NN implementation that I had been struggling with. I'm also grateful for the introduction to Tensorflow. As with the previous course in this specialization, expect to be spoon-fed during the programming assignments. The course would be better if it let you think more during assignments.
Awesome introduction and guidance about where to tweak your model...altho in my expirience Adam is all you are going to need. Missed some teachings about fine tuning thought iterations with scheudeles! Tensorflow has this funciong than can adapt on the go your parameters so your optimization can push that loss lower and lower. Adam optimizer works like charm with an schedule for learning rate!!(https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/keras/optimizers/schedules/LearningRateSchedule)
This time , I finished Regularzation, I think this is a interesting experience, for you can implement your alg step by step,  I get some magic(not black magic)  alg, like RMS, momentum and Adam. At last, the most fascinating is to construct Tensorflow, just like a pipeline, step by step , and every step was made by only one line, from forward (without backward) to the model, Tensorflow is really black magic.
(I have to say Tensorflow is a bit difficult, forgive my poor English, thanks )
Neural networks are not new.   What we learned in this course is some of the critical implementation details/tricks from the past decades of making them work in practice.   Going beyond gradient descent, types of regularization, hyperparameter searching we get to a set of robust tools that quickly find good solutions in extremely high dimensional spaces.  As Professor Ng says, our understanding of optimization rules of thumb in low dimensional spaces doesn't carry over to deep learning.
Seamlessly continues the previous course. If you know the basic structures of Neural Networks, how to initialize weights. Sigmoid, Tangenth, activations, and so forth, this will help you understand terms such as L2 regularization, gradient descent with momentum, RMSProp, Adam, Exponentially weighted averages, and many others. Don't let the 3 weeks set you off. It has a lot of micro-content material that works on top of the previous work. Thanks to all the mentors for this great course.
Really nice course. A lot of good information about how to prepare and divide data for training, hyperparameters optimization strategy, regularization techniques, learning algorithms, mini-batches, batch-normalization and more... Very useful information with clear explanation !!! Highly recommended course.Very positive course, except tensorflow practical assignment, which caused some stress, because for me that framework is a bit alienating, forcing to look into manual every minute.
Hi, The course content was definitely good and it helped to understand a lot of internals quite easily. I, however have one suggestion, the Introduction to Tensor Flow looked quite fast and could have been done in a better way by giving more slides about TensorFlow and then going on to the examples. Please ensure that you correct any errors pointed by the members taking this course, so that it benefits others and avoids wasting of time and reduces frustration at times.Regards, PMK
Professor Ng explains the most complicated concepts in the most intuitive fashion I have ever seen. The explanations are simple, straightforward and they encompass so many perspectives and alternatives to doing things. The exercises are immensely educational - they strike a great balance between guiding the student and letting them figure stuff out on their own. This is a great specialisation and I would whole-heartedly recommend it for anyone wanting to start with Deep Learning
This is the best course I have ever seen. The previous mooc class gave me some bad impressions, which is be created by some scholars for KPI. I believe that such a well-designed course will eventually replace the traditional curriculum. This is also a good hope for our students in non-brand schools.
The only downside is that the coursework instructions are too detailed as many people reflect. I can see a lot of good and hard designs in it, but I hope it can have a better form.
This course is simply brilliant. You start with implementing the low-level functions that make up a deep learning framework. It's only in the last assignment that you explore TensorFlow. At that point, you have a full understanding of what the API encapsulates. This really gives you confidence in your capability to get started with your own projects, knowing that you can come back at any time to brush up on some of the lower-level details. Thank you Andrew and the whole team!
The assignments are very good. All the parameter update methods are explained in a very good manner. I would recommend it very strongly for anyone who is looking for an in depth understanding of why we do what we do for tuning, regularization, optimization of NN. All the implementation in the assignments is also from scratch, so, that really helps a lot. I felt this is better than Stanford CS231n course material, after all this is a whole course on this specific purpose :).
This course a practical way of fine tuning your model in order to improve on its performance. Rather than Deep Learning being a "so-called" black box. It turns out that Machine Learning models are not black boxes but rather there are proven techniques of not only finding out what happens in them but also to fine tune them in a systematic manner in order to improve on their results. It is an excellent course for the practical Deep Learning Engineer. Good Job and Keep It Up!
Found a lot of interesting details about NN that I did not know. This is a much better course than the first one. IncludesTensorflow exercises, which is useful. Nevertheless, proofs are still omitted for some results like initializations. It is not hard to google, but I bet lecturers could explain them much faster than diving into science literature. Otherwise, intuitional explanations of Adam using exponential smoothing, or physics analogy of momentum are just brilliant.
True to the claimed learning objectives, the course Improving Deep Neural Networks shows some of the magic behind deep learning algorithms. The programming assignments solidify abstract concepts discussed in lecture videos. In fact, some portions like seeing cost decreases in real-time for Adam Optimization are truly eye-opening experiences.One possible improvement is better editing of instructions and code comments of TensorFlow Tutorial Programming Assignment in Week 3.
As always Andrew Ng is very didactic explaining different and complex hyperparameter tuning techniques and optimizations algorithms, giving intuitive explanations and examples. I've been learning a lot in these courses! And more than that, the content is presented in such a way that motivates the student to go beyond and explore/try different implementations and problems to apply. I highly recommend the course for anyone who wants to become a serious ML practitioner!
This class was awesome! Thank you to Andew Ng and his team for putting this Specialization together. It is amazing for someone with so much experience in this field to be willing to share their wisdom with everyone, practically for free. The course content is filled with information that would have taken me years of to acquire. I am fortunate to have the opportunity to build a strong foundation in this field at a time when A.I. is becoming society's new electricity!
A very valuable course to improve your understanding and develop a better toolset in using NNs. The instructor gives great tips on how to approach problems and explains the latest techniques very well. Also features a nice introduction to TensorFlow. As an experienced programmer I found this course to be a breezy and fast hands-on tutorial to get you going quickly if you are doing these courses to apply for something you are interested in (e.g. personal project)
Excellent course!! Really glad to have taken this course as a part of the Deep Learning specialization. This course gives a breakthrough in designing neural networks and deep networks using a thorough understanding of all the major aspects to be considered. The course also helps in learning current industry-wide used opensource frameworks such as TensorFlow. The assignments are well designed to make the step by step understanding and exercise of the learning.
This course was a great continuation of the first. The lecture pace is great (and ability to speed up or slow down the video speed helps a lot), the reiteration of past lessons helps with some of the denser materials, and the overall presentation is excellent. Also very nice that the problem sets aren't out to trick you! The material is new enough to many of us to begin with! The emphasis on practical application of the material is key (for me, at least).
This course is very well designed and the instructor does an amazing job at explaining the concepts making it easy to learn, even for a novice in the field. This course helped me to get a greater understanding of Neural Networks. I learned how to enhance the performance of Neural Network by selecting appropriate hyperparameters, using regularization, using normalization and various other techniques. It was interesting to learn about the Softmax function.
The course covers an extremely important topic (I know I've been lost in hyperparameter maze before) ,  and allowed me to get a good feeling of what, when and how to use hyperparameters. I guess that to actually master the topic students will have to practice with their own models and data sets, therefore I think that getting actual practice on this topic would be out of the scope of the course, and thus I think the programming assignments were adequate.
Prof. Andrew did it again! I took the "classical" Machine Learning course and I'm pleased to see that this continuation was as good or even better. A total equilibrium between the mathematical depth you need to understand the basis of the algorithms and the practical skills you need to put them in practice in the real world, in the exact amount for them to fit in a 18-hour course. As a starting point, this course is perfect! Eager to keep on learning...
These courses are awesome. Andrew Ng is a very clear professor and the interviews with other ML practitioners are enlightening. My one criticism is that the assignments are put on a plate for you so they're pretty easy to complete but then difficult to replicate in real life (since so much of the scaffolding was taken care of for you while learning). But maybe that helps to preserve the flow of the class, rather than getting you bogged down in details.
I began using Deep Learning Frameworks before this course, but...I realise now, after this second course and the first one, that learning the maths behind Neural Networks helps exponentially to understand and internalize what is the real use of some of the most important hyperparameters and the what's and why's of good strategies to regularize models. As A.Ng repeat sometimes, this specialization help me "To get the intuition" to improve the models.
This is good course for the student, who want to do real stuff with NN. Some of the tricks are well explained like L2,dropout, adam, momentum, minibatches etc. I think these are much needed tricks if i need to implement and tune my own NN on my own problems. I prefer to have a second level of such course which really talks about challenges in real life NN and how to solve those. Once again thanks alot for the entire Team for pulling this together.
Very useful course. Gives great insight on the hyper parameter tuning, regularisation and optimisation. One request I have is to provide a docker image which we can use to run the exercises locally. Sometimes I found it hard to build the environment where I can run the coursework. Some of the installations are clashing and it is not clear what versions of libraries are used in the coursework environment. It sometimes requires unnecessary effort.
In the second course of the Deep Learning specialization Andrew gets deeper into the different subjects of Neural Networks. Again he does a great job in explaining both the math and the way you can improve the outcoming of deep neural networks. The quizzes and assignments where helpful and not difficult at all. He also shows some good frameworks to work with and gives a nice introduction to Tensorflow. I'm looking forward to start with course 3.
Excellent course demonstrating the ways to improve the accuracy of the deep neural networks. It had been the case with me that I could create an initial model easily, but getting an expected level of accuracy was difficult. This course has made it much easier for me to improve th performance of my deep learning models within a short span of time. I would like to thank Professor Andrew N.G. and his team for developing such a wonderful course.
This course is where the specialization really distinguish itself from Udacity's deep learning nano degree program -- the model fine-tuning part is very important and there are lots of details can be talked about, but Udacity somehow avoided going into details for it. After taking the Udacity's course first, I feel this course really helped me refreshed some knowledge I learnt as well as teach me much more. Definitely recommend this course!
This course is a bit more hard than the first one. I recommend using paper & pencil in order to reproduce all the equations.  I gave five stars because the all material is very well described, however, the last part of week 3 must be improved, mainly that related to the practice assignment. There is no link between the Batch Norm and hyperparameter tuning with to practice assignment. Additionally, TensorFlow 2.0 should be introduced too.
I will recommend this course to beginners in deep learning. As this course has helped me learn about following topics.Bias/Variance tradeoff, Different types of regularization methods, Code optimization techniques to speed up learning weights, Different types of weight optimization algorithms , About Hyper parameter tuning, Method for normalizing activation as batch norm, About Multi class classification and An introduction to Tensorflow
Excellent course overall. The explanations given are very intuitive even for complex concepts. The teacher always made sure to ease out any concern that might appear if the topic being discussed is not fully grasped yet. I believe that this is a very important step given that MOOC courses should be open for every one, every person has a different learning rate. I highly recommend this for anyone looking to delve deeper into NN and DL.
This course helped me to understand the practical aspect of NN. Tuning of Hyper parameters, Regularization , Algos like ADAM are important for fast and accurate training. I hope i could make use of information in future. However this course gives very little introduction to tensorflow and somewhat doesn't satisfies students i believe. Prof. Andrew Ng gives a fantastic lectures covering all important aspects in details with patience.
Though the course was mostly theoretical in content, I believe it taught some of the most important concepts in any machine learning undertaking - making the system achieve higher accuracies. Although I found the course content too compact and things kinda move really fast, I think going through the videos a second time even at a 2x speed would make it all stick. In all, it was a tremendous course. I love Andrew Ng's teaching style.
An excellent class and loved the tensor flow tutorial. One thing I would also like to mention is the fact that Andrew made us do the algorithm coding in the first class from scratch helps a lot to really understand the basics of the neural networks. When you then move to using tensor flow it gets even better. Thanks for whole team, Andrew and all the students around the world who makes the environment/forum so vibrant and helpful.
Extremely clear and informative about deep learning algorithms per se. The only issue I had is the Tensorflow exercises: since I had never seen TensorFlow before, I lost time guessing the syntax. A more progressive exercise sheet would help get familiar. The point is that, by having to focus so much on the syntax, one focuses less on the structure of the language, so one learns less well the ideas behind the TensorFlow design.
This course gives you a better understanding of how to increase the performance of your neural network.There are some video-lectures that are a little harder to understand and maybe boring but, in general, I recomend this course.Este curso te da un mejor entendimiento de como aumentar el rendimiento de tu red neuronal.Hay algunos videos que son dificiles de seguir y quizas aburridos pero en general recomiendo hacer este curso.
Andrew Ng's Deep Learning course is phenomenal. He patiently and cleverly focuses on explaining the intuition behind concepts like regularization, normalization and optimizers in bite sized chunks, rather than drowning students in linear algebra. The guest speakers are giants in Deep Learning, literally the guys who wrote the textbooks. It's like a religious summit where the guest speakers invited are Jesus, Allah and Budda.
Clear and practical, this course sets a good bridge from the old NP based programming model to the modern programming models of using Tensorflow and Keras. The optimization methodologies lead to the very useful aspect of ML: hyper-parameters tuning. Though a lot of these hyper-parameters still feel magical, it is super helpful to know more about them. Suggest to clearly mark this course as a requirement for course 4 and 5.
I finally got to delve deeper into the intuitions behind the choice of hyperparameters and optimisation algorithms. It is incredible to see how even the smallest of choices can affect our model's performance and understanding the effects of certain choices of hyperparameters on the overall performance of our model will help us make better decisions in regard to how we set up our models. This course was totally worth it!
This course builds upon the fundamentals learnt in the first course. By doing this course I have learnt the importance of regularization, and initialization of weights while training a neural network. The course also gives information on implementing neural networks on large datasets and how to methodically choose the hyperparameters. The course exercises are informative and helped me in solidifying the theory learnt.
Excellent course - my only complaint is that the grader is really finicky about completing the notebooks in a very specific way.  Your submissions get rejected in a very cryptic way if you use certain valid TensorFlow constructions, namely you cannot use "Z = W @ X + b", instead you must type "Z = tf.add(tf.matmul(W, X), b)", which I find much more difficult to read. Nonetheless, I think this was an excellent course.
Great course, great instructor and staff. Good speed and good hands-on exercises. Some flaws in the downloadable material and a couple of everlasting corrigenda, but nothing too serious. Integrity control could be enhanced in the TensowFlow assignment. I wish there were not only quizzes at the ends of the weeks but also inbetween or even within the lectures. Looking forward to the next course in this specialization.
Very good course as well, although the exercises need some "debugging" there are some typos and errors. I found that the previous courses exercises where too guided, too easy in some points. In this case are more tricky, but not in the correct sense. I would orient a bit more the way of thinking or refer to external sources to get a bit more on track with TF before coding. Nonetheless, all in all, is a great course.
It was a very insightful course. I learned the basic intuition behind the concepts that Andrew Ng explained. For my suggestions, maybe the deeper derivations and meanings behind the concepts could be discussed in video or just a reading material. For example with the maths behind regularization, batch normalization and etc. could be discussed more in depth in a reading material. All in all the course was excellent.
Very good one. It was great pleasure to learn momentum , RMSProp and then coming to know how to combine them in Adam. Tensorflow example was great. In tensorflow exercise, using regularization can give a boost in the generalization of data which has been mentioned (and I tested it )-but this could have been a part of the exercise. However, starting to audit the next course of this series. Best of Luck for me !! :D
Very nice course, worth taking for everyone who is interested in ML/Deep learning, including the very beginners and professionals. I work at the edge of Neuroscience/ML/AI, I have a strong theoretical ML background, but little practice. Even though I was familiar with many of the concepts before taking the course, it was still extremely useful to hear about it again and have way better understanding of the topic
First of all, I would like to thank Coursera for providing the course. I would always be in debt to Coursera for providing me with financial aid. This website is one of the best online learning platforms. Love the way the assignments are provided.  Even I have a bit of understanding and experience in deep learning, this course clears all the blue skies in between and makes deep learning looks simple to learn :)
Very good in-depth coverage of mini-batch, ReLU, Adam, L2 and dropout regularization. Good overview of batch normalization. Brief but useful intro to Tensor Flow (including programming assignment). In general, the programming assignments are pretty easy, but a bit hard to debug in the Jupiter notebooks, though I was able to get things working by inspecting the code to locate typos.Summary: Highly recommended
Builds upon the concepts that were explained in the first course in specialization and Andrew Ng's Machine Learning MOOC and really goes more into depth about regularization and optimization techniques. The introduction to frameworks at the end of the course does a great job of showing how this can apply to other concepts. The programming exercises and course material are great overall and very informative.
This Course is really good for the beginner of NN and deep learning. It tells me what to consider and how to consider for model build-up. I also like the quiz which helps me to check my concepts understanding, the coding practice is easy to understand and I can logically learn how to practice my understanding of this session. I also love the interview session with DL Heroes. This course is really inspiring.
This course really helped me to get a proper hold on how to work with hyperparameter tuning in an organized and efficient way. I used to think of it as a "voodoo" magic, the way one can fall upon the exact set of values for hyperparameters. Now, I think that I have a better concrete idea of how to approach tuning for improving a neural network according to the available resources and also the applications.
This course is AWESOME, a lot of new things related to Deep neural networks regularization techniques, initialization techniques and Tensorflow Neural Networks modeling. A step forward into mastering applied Artificial Neural Networks!! Course really recommended for ML/AI enthusiasts and begginer or promising researchers in the field. I recommend to take all the courses provided in this DL Specialization!!
Great course. I'm particularly happy that they chose to teach TensorFlow. There were a number of typos/errata, which is to be expected with such a new course, but it looks like they are working quickly to address them. Overall, I feel more confident implementing neural nets than I did after the original ML course taught by Andrew Ng.Watching Andrew try to draw a horse in one a the lectures is a huge bonus.
This is a must to really understand and master the art of machine learning. With this course I understood that building a model and training it is not even half of the story of being a machine learning engineer, without knowledge of how to tune the models parameters you might not be able to deliver product on schedule. Thanks for Dr Andrew and the team  for an awesome content and learning experience.
It is really a EXTREMELY GOOD course for a bad-basic student, according this course, not only I have know the theories, but also the pratical project.I do think now I know the BN, the Hyperparameter, and the Regularization and so on in Deep Learning field! It would be very helpful for me to step into the AI!and both videos and lectures are very important for new comers in deep learning ! THANKS ALOT!
This is one of the best MOOC I have ever come up to. Very informative, well explained and easily put. This course helped me to learn so many new things that I had missed in books and research papers. Thanks Andrew Ng, this was like a debt to me. As a wannabe deep learning researcher/Engineer, your contribution to help me catch the basic concepts will always be remembered. :-)Yes, highly recommended.
This course has really helped me alot in gaining better insights about improving deep neural networks by tuning the required hyperparameters. It has also increased my understanding of the previous course and I would definitely recommend this course. I would like to express my gratitude from the bottom of my heart to the Coursera team and the specialization course team for such an amazing course.
After reading the Deep Learning book wrote by Ian Goodfellow, it's much more easy for me to complete this course within two days. I've gotten a lot through this course and know more detail about the deep learning hyperparameter tuning, regularization and optimization methods now. Thanks so much for  Prof. Andrew and TAs. I will keep learning the 3rd course in this specification of deep learning.
NIce Course on hyperparameters search and tuning. The optimization functions and its relation to the hyperparameters is well taught. Mini-bacth normalization during training and application of learned parameters in testing is discussed very well. At last, deep learning frameworks were introduced and the practical training on tensorflow framework was awesome. Thaks for the well designed content.
The course covers the theory and implementation details of advanced optimization algorithms. A good amount of intuition was provided in the explanation of these algorithms. A basic explanation of bias and variance and how hyper parameters affect them both is explained clearly. I liked the hands on part, as it allowed me to implement the algorithms discussed and gain more clarity in the process.
Very useful follow up to the first course in this specialization. Learned all the details of how to tune and optimize a deep neural network, as well as nice introduction to Tensorflow. Some typos in the comments of the final assignments but they were easy to spot. This time Jupiter notebooks worked better that during the time I was working on the previous course with less or no resets required.
Excellent Course. Really structured way of learning the importance of hyper parameters and their effects on the learning/training and hammering concepts like "regularization" home.Just an observations, but it seems like the mentors are not that engaged in these courses anymore, but there are enough help threads that one can figure out the questions - specifically on the programming exercises.
What an amazing course it is. Perfect explanation how we can use optimize our cost more efficiently and effectively. Also this course includes techniques to overcome problems like over fitting i.e Regularization and Dropout techniques. Information about Batch Normalization is very splendid. Also got little intuition about tensor flow. Thank You Andrew Ng for providing such a wonderful course.
Prof Ng is a great teacher and is good at making the difficult material very easy to learn.  I am very interested in the DL. Before I took this class, I found that since this field is very new so all the material you can find is a little piece and not systematical. This specialization is a wonderful and systematical, easy to learn and fun. Thanks for the great work those teacher have done .
Awesome illustration on deep network's regularization techniques, weight initialization techniques and gradient checking, and more. This class provides you with hands-on experience with how to tune a deep network efficiently. You will not only learn the techniques but also understand many of the intuitions of how each technique works. A must take if you are dedicated into machine learning!
This has been a very useful course and helps you to understand much more about neural networks including regularization, optimization algorithms, hyper parameter tuning and programming frameworks. The style of teaching and the programming assignments are of  a really good standard. The quizes could be improved to be a bit more challenging but they still help to review content quite well.
I learned a lot about the area that is not much talked about in deep learning, which is hyperparameter tuning! The forum was very helpful in debugging the programming assignments! Thank you Prof. Ng for the wonderful course. I thank  Coursera as well for believing in me and granting me Financial Aid. It wouldn't have been possible without your help, Coursera Team. THANK YOU VERY MUCH! :D
This was an excellent follow-up of the first course. Having used adam optimization for almost all the neural network models I have build it was great to understand the mathematical intuition behind adam optimizers. Also the programming assignment gave a wonderful refresher and practice of tensorflow. Overall I'm glad hyperparameter tuning and optimization was chosen as a seperate course
The course is great and will help you in understanding on how to optimize your deep learning algorithm and tune your hyper-parameters. The course provides insights into the exponentially weighted averages concept too which helps you understand how things work behind the scenes when trying to optimize your algorithm. Dropout and regularization have also been explained to a good extent.
This course is very useful for practical purpose. I've learnt a systematic method to develop and iterate my algorithms, which saves me a lot of time. And it's been the first time that I get to know so many variants of gradient descent method, such as Adam and RMSprop. By the way, the programming assignments get a bit hard, but it help me better understand the algorithms. Thanks a lot!
This was a useful course for newbies in neural networks. It gave useful hints regarding how to update the model one is using based on what problems one observes, as well as how to tune the hyperparameters (if there is enough computational power or one runs a small problem). Obviously, this is just a starting point and one should invest a lot of time and energy to become experienced.
All the quality of the first course, but even better.  My 4-stars for course one were addressed in these Jupyter notebooks.  They were still manageable but the prompts provided very good reinforcement to the various tuning algorithms.  A top-notch offering...one I'll be sure to recommend broadly.  I'm very much looking forward to the remaining courses in the Specialization. Thanks!
I had a very good time getting teaching sessions from ANDREW NG .., I am a second year student and have entered in this field of deep learning since some months then i encountered this specialization and with the deep concepts of Sir ANDREW NG ,i am now able to make much more complicated models ever before...I hope i could get an autograph from my Ideal in this field  Mr.Andrew Ng
This is a great course to learn about practical aspects of neural networks. Some parts are challenging to consume as most of the material relies on intuition rather than detailed mathematical explanation. This helps to involve more people in the course who are intimidated by mathematical equations. A great addition would be to have optional mathematical details in separate videos.
I've learnt much from course including preprocessing (mini-batch, regularization, normalization), gradient descent algorithm (batch gradient descent, stochastic gradient descent, mini-batch gradient descent) and the variants (momentum, RMSProp, Adam). Also there's TensorFlow tutorials which I love best.Thanks for Andrew Ng for bringing us such an amazing fundamental course of DNN!
This course really helped me getting the deep insight into the hyper-parameters which need to be tuned to get the optimal learning of the algorithm with the different algorithms necessary for improving learning rate.Andrew Ng really simplified the tough things and arranged them in a proper series of videos that is easy to understand.This will really help me lot in future.Cheers!
I suppose Hyperparameter tuning, Regularization and Optimization are some of the most important aspects of Deep Learning, since 90% of most of the DL projects come down to just that. Andrew masterfully dives into the intuitions behind some of the most widely used approaches, and the programing assignments are designed to show the impact good tuning could have on a DL algorithm.
Great explanation of optimizations that can help speed up deep learning algorithms. Loved the little tips and tricks that are covered in different sections. The easy with which Prof. Ng explains complex concepts and analogies is commendable. The programming assignments are very helpful to people without expert programming experience too, that makes the experience very smooth.
In my opinion it would be a good to have a short video describing how to drive the ml project in the company. As i am taking ml course and this specialization, I started with working on octave, then numpy then tensorflow, so it would be good to have some advice/tips on when to use octave or numpy or tensorflow for building a model when you get a project in ml in your job.
Post the first course, this course would is the one that is going to make you feel like a deep learning practitioner. You get to understand why deep learning is sometimes called an art how much difference in terms of speed and accuracy can be made just by tuning the hyper parameters. Highly recommended if you know deep neural networks and willing to dive deeper into them.
Again a great course about deep learning. The course structure is very well defined, with step by step to build technical foundations in the beginning and later using open source deep learning framework to connect all the pieces together. Dr. Andrew Ng made all of them very easy to learn and sometimes I feel like I should jump out the comfortable  zone he created for us.
Very nice course about important subjects of Vanilla Neural Networks, as optimizations algorithms , regularization methods, hyper-parameters used and how to implement them in practice. A very nice chapter on the sequence of the specialization that give me understanding on important aspects of it, how to use and how to implement them. I really enjoyed each detail of it.
This course gives a very good idea of the overfitting problem in deep learning and different ways to overcome it. It also introduces commonly used optimization methods in deep learning. A nice introduction to tensorflow is provided in the last week's programming assignment. Overall it is a very satisfying course. Many thanks to the instructor and the entire team!
Key course in the specialization and covers wide array of topics which are responsible for improving the DNNs. Complicated than the first course but very well explained by Andrew Ng. Things definitely get clear after doing the programming assignments. One should definitely complete this course if one has already completed the first course. I totally recommend it.
Course was amazing, content was amazing, assignments was amazing.Andrew Ng is the best teacher I have ever experienced in my life. I learned a lot from this course, these things are very difficult to learn from research papers it takes a lot of time but person with great passion of deep learning can learn all these things in just three weeks. Highly Recommended.
In era of deep learning bloom, know how to control network model is an important thing. And this course has them all, from tuning learning rate to speed-up convergence or applying drop-out for avoiding overfit, etc... It shows you the under-the-hood theory and brings you the knowledge to grasp the basics yourself, and actually can apply back into your projects.
The course is very useful for being acquainted with tuning hyper-parameters and modern optimization algorithms like momentum, RMSProp an Adam. It is also introducing how to prevent over-fitting efficiently from recent papers in addition to mini batching training data. Although it introduces TensorFlow in a brief way, the overall assessment needs some revision.
Gives you an in-depth understanding on how to finetune your neural network hyperparameters and introduces you to the various optimization methods. Finally, an introduction to TensorFlow gives a more practical solution to developing your code fast and easy. Yet again, Andrew Ng is nothing short of brilliant and his ML  content is always the best in the world.
I strongly recommend this course since I pass an interview after finish the first and second specialization. Although it is not enough for some high-demanded company, it is a really good lecture and experience for the new beginner in neural networks. But I have to say that the project is too easy so far, I wish we will have more great exercises and projects!
This course trully go deeper into the deep learning and I learned a lot of things which improve my concept about NN network. Andrew gave an excellent lesson like the first course and simplify everything  and the quote from Andrew "if you dont understand anythink don't worry too much about it" really make sense and over the time the concept will get clearer.
Very clear, straight to the point, explanations with very well guided programming assignments in Python to hammer the concepts. A lot of knowledge and experience condensed in just a few hours and materials. I recommend previous exposure to Python and Machine Learning to make the most of this course (Ng's Coursera's course provides a very solid foundation)
This is an amazing course , the way they had designed the transition from numpy to tensorflow was amazing. The the concepts of gradient descent with momentum to adam optimizer was great coming from your previous course , I can't express how much this has grounded my understanding. I'm pushing myself to complete the specialization. Thanks a lot everyone !
The course if very structured. Can't think of any improvement in course structure. Will like to thank Andrew Sir for this great effort.As an improvement it would be great if people can be encouraged to solve problems on different dataset on internet such as kaggle. Such sources with other help can be provided as work to do after the completion of Kaggle.
A fine continuing of the previous course in this specialization.Learning optimization algorithms to improve our parameters' update, how to normalize the inputs at each and every layer, how to prioritize certain hyperparameters over others when testing.All culminating with Tensorflow, a platform that saves us a lot of time in programming Neural Networks.
Brilliant material altogether.. almost a compulsory course for researchers diving on the ocean of deep learning.. While I was reading papers on deep learning I came across all these terms but couldn't understand it.. Now the picture is pretty clear... Thanks Prof. Andrew Ng for this wonderful effort. I have already recommended this course to everyone.
A great course talks about the detail in building Neural networks. With the first course as a foundation, student taking this definitely will get a better understanding on hyperparameter tuning and optimization, in addition on training neural networks. I recommend this course to those who would like to know neural networks more than just the concept!!
The details covered in the course are very important for pracical use. They are not commonly available on the Internet otherwise. Also, with the new libraries that make the task of coding easier, the knowledge of tuning parameters, of optimizing learning curves, is often overlooked. This course highlights the importance of that knowledge. Thank you!
Having completed Udacity 730 on Tensorflow, I found Andrew Ng filled crucial gaps in my understanding. He is not afraid of presenting some maths to build intuition, but he always presents it in a straightforward way. Compare his explanation of Adam optimisation with the source paper on the subject. Andrew boils it down and serves it up beautifully.
Once more, Prof. Ng show in his simple style how to tackle the tough subject of hyperparameter tuning, pointing to several techniques and helping us selecting the most appropriate ones for the task at hand. The Tensorflow introduction is also very effective and engaging! Looking forward to advance my knowledge and experience with the next courses!
Hyperparameter tuning and the other techniques seen in this course are not perceived to be the most fashionable areas of machine learning and deep learning. Nonetheless, they are crucial parts, and thus the techniques shown in this course will show you how to save great amounts of time and headache when trying to improve and finetune your models.
This course is very helpful in the matter of enhancing the knowledge from the previous course and getting the right intuitions about improving deep learning neural networks.Thanks to Professor Andrew Ng for making it very clear and easy to understand and giving me the right tools for my Phd research .I look forward to getting to the next course.
All the topics are very understandable, the way Andrew sir describe a concepts is just awesome. During the first specialization course i.e Neural Networks and Deep Learning , I was very confused about the hyperparameters tunning (like how to know what to chose). Khan Academy has helped me a lot to understand the underlying mathematical concepts.
It was a great course to take. I could grab basic knowledge on TensorFlow and on some optimization techniques. I consider all the optimization algorithms are based on gradient descent, it is just that they tweak some parameters, but they are gradient-descent like algorithms. In summary, Dr. Ng is a genius and it is worth taking all his classes.
After knowing the basics of Deep Learning and Neural Networks (From the course 1) , this course explains the crux of improving and tuning of the neural networks and it's parameters and Hyper parameters . And the intro to tensor flow at last was just awesome(not exaggerating it!!!) .  Congrats to Andrew and his team for such an awesome course .
This course extends what has been taught in the preceding course, especially the different hyper parameters and optimisation strategies. Getting started with TensorFlow in a complete end-to-end example has been one of the things I was looking for and this course puts all that and many other things into perspective. Thanks Andrew and team !!
The course was great, thank you! However, I'm really looking forward using Tensorflow in C++ or Swift. The obscure, untyped nature of Python facilitates cargo-cult habits, creates some mystic fog around the variables (since it's not explicit if e.g. 'cost' is a concrete float or an entire computation waiting to be executed) and error-prone.
The course is very well structured, most of the topics here is perhaps kind of boring due the lack of real-problems projects, but if you stick to it and learn the concepts, will boost your understanding when using Deep Neural Network Frameworks, such as Tensorflow. That makes creating DNN easy to set, understand and apply to your problems.
Introduction to TensorFlow was wonderful. This course has helped me visualize and experience end to end flow of an actual machine learning project that helped a lot. Thanks to Andrew for taking efforts to design the course in a user friendly way. Programming tips are intuitive, helps save your time and allows you to focus more on learning.
Great insights into the theory of regularization and famous optimization algorithms like RMSProp and Adam. Helps in developing intuition regarding these algorithms work and implementing them from scratch was pretty rewarding as well.As usual, Prof Andrew Ng patiently explains the theory and helps in building understanding of the material.
Started from the basics but made sure that they provided an in depth understanding of some very important concepts like hyperparameters and regularization will well structured quizzes and interesting programming assignments. Really liked the course and would suggest it to anyone trying to set their feet in the field of ML or Deep Learning
This is probably one of the best courses on hyperparameter tuning. Along with Andrew's teaching , the course assignments are just perfect to get the perfect intuition of how optimizers work in the deep learning frameworks , also you will be able to build your own optimizer from scratch after doing this course , though not recommended. : P
This is an amazing course, it helps me a lot to gain the basic intuition, and the idea behind tunning our model, this course provides understanding basic maths of how we can knob various hyperparameters, which would eventually lead us to a better statistical model in term of both speed and performance... Thankyou coursera ...Thanks Andrew
Another great course! Enjoyed it very much. Learned a lot of useful techniques. One thing that could be nice to do is to add references and optional material for students who want to go deeper (i.e. add references to publications related to some technique or a blog page). Looking forward to taking more courses in the Deep Learning series!
The course really gave me insight into some of the optimization methods that are commonly used. It also helped me to get a better understanding of Tensorflow. I think y'all have done a good job presenting the information with just the right amount of math and explanation. I have recommended this course series to multiple friends already.
Thanks Andrew, As always you have been a superb teacher, I am very happy with the content of the course.One suggestion is to increase the level of difficulty in assignments. Or you can have one more course to develop an difficult deep learning application from scratch, through which we can all apply the concepts and tricks you explained.
It is really helpful to NN rookies like me. I have learnt a lot of important concepts and skills, such as hyperparameters tuning and variables initialization. More importantly, I gain some basic knowledge about Tensorflow, which is a widely used NN framework. I really appreciate the step-by-step instructions in the notebook assignments.
Although the concepts of deep learning ( ie. the gradient descent, the chain rule ) are quite easy-understanding and clear to most people, how to choose the hyperparameter and how to effectively carry out the projects are real essence. That's what I learn from this course. Thanks for so many genius researchers contributing to this area.
I didn't knew much about different optimization algorithms and how they work. This course helped in understanding those concepts. Also leaened how to tune hyperparameters. Now, I am able to read tensorflow codes on net and also able to write basic code. Prof. Andrew Ng is the best. Concepts gets very clear on first time watching video.
This is a best serie I've ever seen on digital courses overall, the sequence os topics are well planned and applied, the level is perfectly balanced to be challenger and also understandble.  Contrags to professor Andrew and all his team for more on great resource to spread AI knowledge and make it accessible to most interested people.
Some of the coding at the end was pretty tricky and I had to use the forums for help. That's what they're there for of course but I don't think the introduction to Tensorflow syntax was really sufficient - or maybe there could be some more optional help or resource to look through to help. Still very interesting and rewarding course!!
This is great course if you have taken NN network and deep learning course to sharpen knowledge about dl optimization algorithm. Teaching was good and clear. However i think the video duration is quite long, at least it can be made under 10 minutes. Give a thumb to this course and it also introduce tensorflow to program the algorithm
highly illuminating. Finally, with this second course, I could grab the deep concepts and consequences of many terms I heard so many times during talks between data scientists. I feel now I could easily use what learnt to participate actively to those meetings and practically try things out on my methods and make them perform better.
I'd been working on Neural network Models in my undergrad projects, but really couldn't answer much of the problems that I faced. The title isn't too appealing, because no new Network Architectures are taught, but in my opinion, this course is on par with the previous course on building Deep Networks from scratch. Highly Recommended.
A very nice course providing intuitions and concepts for tuning the hyper parameters in a neural network.Also, provides a taste of using Tensor Flow (Neural Network Framework) in a comprehensive manner. I would give my deepest thanks to the instructor, Prof. Andrew Ng for his invaluable time for building the course for the learners.
Thank you so much Coursera for providing me such a good course. It was a great learning experience. The assignments and quizzes played an important role in improving my skills and giving me the confidence to implement deep NNs. I'll definitely recommend this course to others. Looking forward in doing more courses in deeplearning.ai
This is an wonderful course for people who want to learn about the ways to improve their models and make their best and more robust. Andrew Sir makes the math behind the scenes very easy to understand. The course is easy to follow as it gradually moves from the basics to more advanced topics, building gradually. Highly recommended.
Professor Ng's very clearly put a lot of thought into breaking down deep learning into the most understandable way for students around the world and it shows through the quality of this course. I cannot recommend this course enough to anybody who is looking to do machine learning, or simply understand the process from a high level.
Andrew NG is such a fantastic teacher especially in this online mode. He provides crystal clear explanations and examples to understand why the methods work. As a learner I was only expecting to learn how to apply this to solve real problems and not to learn theoretical subtities, this is probably the best course in deep learning.
Excellent course over all, but what I like the most is how the complex math behind all these techniques are carefully hid and instead, we're given an intuition about how these techniques work. Of course, for a deeper understanding much more mathematics is needed, but they make sure that everyone has an idea about why things work.
The tips and great guidelines one gets from this course are gems in their own right. Practitioners in particular will get to appreciate all the usable advice to improve their neural networks and at the same time get to understand the principles behind the scenes on what truly drives those optimizations. Highly recommended course.
The course material is detailed and comprehensive and presented in a very digestible way. I felt like the home works lack a few topics (e.g. learning rate decay implementation, which I would find to be a useful exercise), but  they give you a good understanding of what is going on. All in all, I definitely recommend this course!
After learning the basic knowledge of the first course, this course deepened my understanding of deep learning, and explained how to optimize the model of deep learning from the perspectives of hyperparameter tuning, regularization and normalization, and finally provided the basic knowledge of the framework based on TensorFlow.
From this course I have learnt several important hyper parameters, regularisation and optimization of deep neural network. Most importantly I got my first hand-on experience on Tensorflow framework by which creating deep net modes are quite easy if someone knows the elements of a deep net. I wish I will proceed for next course.
Learning about TensorFlow is brilliant. It's very hard to get a good understanding of what goes on in TensorFlow without fully understanding the neural network coding setup. This course beautifully combines the two. There were some minor frustrations with the final TensorFlow programming exercise, but overall this is excellent.
Great course, a few rough edges in the exercises and I also feel the exercise comments give away a bit too much (would be better if the student needed to figure out things by himself a little more). But these are minor details, I've learned a great deal in an amazingly short span of time, from one of the top minds in AI today!
I appreciate the large amount of time that has gone into preparing this course. I note that there are a large number of corrections in the errata forum that have not been reviewed by staff. In particular there are some obvious errors in the programming assignments that could easily be corrected with a small investment in time.
Awesome, Amazing, Best, Fabulous course. Learnt a lot about Hyperparameter tuning and atlast got an intro about tensorflow framework which i wanted to start learning but earlier afraid from it's complexity which is explained so good in this course. Best course for Tensorflow Intro and Hyperparameter tuning in Neural Networks.
Topics cut in to sections are well defined and so clear. Programming assignments definitely gives you hands on experience. Also, math is demystified that you track with high school math. If you used framework like Keras and you want to know why and when you need to use that function,parameter etc., you would love this course.
Eventually a clear and definitive explanation about Network initialization, regularization and optimization. Good insight share on hyper-parameters prioritization.  We learn the how and why and suddenly, it all becomes a little bit less mysterious. It is all clearly explained in a very accessible way.Great value for my needs
This course really gives you a fundamental and practical ideas about the hyper-parameters of DNN, and the way of tuning them. The part I liked most is the last  programming assignment ---- play with Tensorflow!!! The assignment walks you through Tensorflow structure and basics in a very organized fashion.Highly recommended!
Best course for learning Hyper parameter tuning, Regularization and Optimization topics further more the batch and other various optimization algos like momentum, Adam, Batch norm etc are much easier here. Please have a look on ground reality too, Take quiz before staring any course that this candidate is suitable or not
This course is also interesting. The art of tuning hyper parameters and other optimization techniques are very interesting and nicely explained.The introduction to Tensorflow and assignment is also interesting.Overall the difficulty is not high but the concepts are really powerful and important ,most scaffollding is done
The course part is overall good.The last assignment can be improved in two key ways:The comment # Z3 = np.dot(W3,Z2) + b3 should be # Z3 = np.dot(W3,A2) + b3 - figured this out by myself without help from forums. :)Also, the Adam optimization is not very apparent in the instructions - searched in the forums for issues.
In my deep learning classes in academia, hyperparameter tuning was always "hand-waved" away - my questions were always deflected, or put off. This class answered every one of my questions, and made me more confident I'd be able to implement a DL system in industry, and be satisfied with the results. Very good course!
This course will cover everything you need regarding your neural network performance. I always had questions on why and when you use Adam, SGD, etc. and after this course, I have a much better understanding of how to choose hyperparameters and optimization methods. I highly recommend this course to ML practitioners.
I am working through the DL specialisation. Consistently good teaching style and the programming assignments are suitably pitched for getting the learner to pick up methods quickly e.g. Tensorflow syntax for self-application later. Good course and looking forward to the next in the series. Well done Andrew and team.
word is not sufficient signup and experience it. For a deep learning beginner who already have math background can easily understand concept behind it but for implementation you need to refer extra materials on internet and book too. Andrew Ng explain only concept and recipe but for practice you will struggle hard.
This course is continuation and a requirement of the first course.  Really like the learning style of how first course and the first 2 weeks of the second course taught neural networks by doing all the math and calculations manually and finally introduced Tensorflow with parallels of what was taught in the class.
This is another excellent course in this specialization. I enjoyed the programming assignments. The instructions, tips made Tensor flow coding section to be easy . However, few blocks consumed more than few hours, due to placeholders. logic and the TF documentation is overwhelming. I am proceeding to next course.
This course is harder than the previous one. It teaches more details of tuning parameters and optimization in deep learning. In the end it also teaches tensorflow which is really helpful. It's like a programming course, nerally all the commands have been already provided, so it's not hard to get the code correct.
As usual, Andrew is a great instructor. He taught very complex concepts in very simple language and used notations that were easy to understand and were consistent throughout the length of the course. WOULD DEFINITELY RECOMMEND. I am hoping to complete the specialization in less than a month. 2 down, 3 to go!!!
It is really good and teach me the basic understanding of DeepLearning back propagation and gradients optimization like Momentum, RMPS, Adam finally I learn how to use Tensorflow to train my model.But there are some mistakes in the assignments and also in the grade so that it costs me a lot of time but useless.
It was a good course on understanding various hyper-parameters, some regularization method, optimization of algorithms, various gradients and gradient checking, batch - mini batch, exponentially weighted average , some tuning algorithms and finally a small introduction to deep learning frameworks. RECOMMENDED!
The course content was excellent. The only issue is that there were some glitches with the grading of the second week programming assignment, in that I could obtain the expected output, but with repeated submissions, there would be (different) sections which could not be graded due to unnamed technical issues.
5/5.Thank you sir for helping me in my  career.I recommend everyone to go through this course if you really want to learn detail about hyper parameter tuning , optimizers and regularization used to make neural network better. It helps to open black box of Neural network and know in detail about how all works.
Practical programming lessons, and well-paced enjoyable lectures.Comments:Move tutorials on TensorFlow to Course 3, which was the most obscure part of the course. TensorFlow isn't as intuitive as other numerical toolboxes, so spending more time on the foundations of TensorFlow might reduce the learning curve.
A wonderful AI course! In most Ai courses we could only learn some specific algorithms. In this course, however, we could learn beyond AI itself. There are many practical AI skills in this course like  hyperparameter tuning, regularization method and optimization strategies! I benefit a lot from this course!
It covers very good tips and tricks to build and enhance deep learning model.Andrew is the best teacher for ML and Deep Learning, he covers all theory and practice simultaneously.In this course you can understand all mathematical intuitions and implementation of neural network from scratch by your own codes.
Another great class taught by the incredible Prof. Ng! I have to admit there were time I felt a bit overwhelmed but by the time the course came to an end, I felt like everything "clicked". Very much looking forward to the next course and can't wait to dive deeper in ML frameworks. TensorFlow, here I come :D
It is a very good follow up course in this Specialization. It is about how we can improve our a accuracy/predictions by tuning hyperparameters, using better optimization techniques and  it also talks about deep learning frameworks. Overall it was a good course. Thank You Andrew Ng for this wonderful course.
Good second course to understand how we can improve our deep learning models with  a good hyperparameter selection, some regularization techniques to reduce overfitting such as dropout, l2, early stopping and some optimization techniques for when we have a large datasets like momentum, RMS prop, adam, etc..
This second course in the specialization is really great. I have gained a lot of insight in hyperparameter tuning and the reason why they work (or don't ;-). It is much easier now to understand what models are doing and why we need certain techniques. This is again one of the best courses for deep learning.
Fantastic course providing a broad overview of hyperparameter tuning in deep neural networks. The introduction on TensorFlow is informative. Looking forward to the three remaining courses of this great specialization on machine leaning. Thanks Andrew and their assistants for putting those courses together!
I really liked the course. The forum is very helpful navigating programming errors during the assignments.A thing to improve would be to get the feedback from the forums to the lectures. Specially in corrections that should be made to the programming assignments that don't match the expected result. Thanks
Provided a lot of deeper insights passed over in the previous course in the specialization. Between this course and the previous course, you feel like you have a very solid beginner's understanding of deep learning, but one that is also practical enough and comprehensive enough to start coding on your own.
Andrew Ng is a great teacher and will get you excited about improving deep networks. In this course you will get to know how to increase performance of your network. Essential course for deep networks specialists and amateurs. Additionally you will get to know most influential people befind the technology.
All possible area of Improving Deep Learning models got covered in detail. I liked the lucid and intelligible way of explanation . Since the topics were vast to cover , I would recommend to get the course extended by 1 week with one more programming assignment on using tensor-flow with a capstone project.
This course will becoma a foundamental course for people that aim to work in the machine learning / deep learning area because it presents clearly the recent innovations in the deep learning. For production environment people will probably use open source framework, but this course clarify what is behind.
Excellent course if you are passioned about Deep Learning. Walk you through the most basics on how to tune the model parameters so that you can reach the highest accuracy for the model. The lecture is simple and well ordered. The TensorFlow introduction part is more exciting. Overall a wonderful course.
Excellent course! Not only does it address critical deep-NNs training issues providing a clear exaplanation around why these tunings are needed, but also provides some empirical advices (e.g. on level of importance on the hyper-parameters, typical values etc) that can be valuable when training depp NNs.
The only thing I wish for is a 'live chat' when an instructor is available, a IRC/slack/chat room for students to help each other, or faster response time when posting to the forums. Also the forums are a bit clunky (I don't remember all the reasons why), but the search allowed me to find useful posts.
This course offers a very quick introduction to methods that could be used to improve usage of deep nets from a practitioner's perspective. Although the mathematical details are not covered in depth, the material furnishes concise list of topics that could be researched upon for in-depth understanding.
Amazing course, starts right off the bat with hyperparameters, regularization and tunings.Studied about various optimization algorithms and normalization alongwith mini batches, also the TensorFlow framework.Thank you to everyone involved in making this course. I highly appreciate what you've made us.
I always held an opinion that highly qualified instructors, specifically those holding doctorate degrees are not the good teachers because they can't teach students at their levels. But Sir Andrew Ng proved me wrong, he is a wonderful teacher and tries to explain the minute details.Salute to you sir.
Very impressive course, really well done and interesting. One suggestion: apart from the modelling part in the programming assignment, I would also introduce some coding about the computing of the results and the final cost plot (in all the programming assignment these parts are already pre-compiled)
Concepts buried deep in technical jargon and seemingly complex mathematical notation are laid out bare for everyone to understand. Mr. Andrew Ng is a very special teacher. The humility and down-to-earth character also add immense value to the course. He makes you believe truly that you too can do it.
An excellent continuation of the series. I particularly liked the in-depth discussion of Adam's optimization and the introduction to TensorFlow at the end of the course. The course does a great job of targeting specific concepts with practical advice related to tuning and optimization on real models.
It is amazingly rewarding to learn from Andrew, who is able to articulate so much insights into so many complicated refinements of Deep Neural Networks from so many different research papers. The Tensorflow programming assignment is one of best tutorials I have seen. Thank you for your great effort.
A very good organize course! The knowledge is step by step introduced. From Python can one from scratch a learning code establish. And then the course turns into Tensorflow. Only with this method can man have good feeling about how Tensorflow is processed. Very good course, I strongly recommend it!
Concepts very well introduced and explained, with really good explanations about the intuition behind every topic. It's perfect to be able to apply different techniques knowing what they are good for and when to apply them, and at the same time it also shows where to delve deeper if needed/wanted.
Andrew Ng gives a good satisfactory explanation of the techniques covered in this course. He explains when to use the technique, how to use the technique and how one can implement it in Python and then goes on to give an intuition behind it. I think it should work well for newbies (worked for me).
I've really enjoyed this course. It gives you a great deal of knowledge and I recommend this to anyone who wants to get an intuition of how to optimise, regularise and perform hyper parameter tuning to make your model learn efficiently. The variety of topics and depth offered was good. Thank you.
This was an extremely informative course which provided an in-depth knowledge of how Hyper-parameters of Neural Network affect the results and methods of tuning those parameters from improving results. The Programming Assignment provides deeper insights of applying the taught methods effectively.
This course adds to the first with what you need to make models perform well and fast in practice. Each part of the learning process has possible tuning, tweaks, optimizations to improve performance. The material explains why each tweak works, at least at an intuition level. I have learned a lot.
My second AI course certificate from Andrew Ng after I left Taiwan AI Labs. Even though it took me more than 2 months to complete because of my kids' winter vacation and Chinese New Year break. I did learn a lot about how to tune and optimize a Deep Learning network. Keep going to the 3rd course.
Great Course. This course does explain some optimisation algorithm with quit a good detail. That is a good part of it. Many less courses explain those algorithms at a level of abstraction an undergraduate student needs. Also, it shows the usage of tensorflow, which is used by major practitioners.
I think it's a great course for those who want to learn about technics related in Neural Network and don't want to know the mathmatical underlying too much, or for those who want to get an intuition or a picture about Neural Network. Thanks Dr. Ng and Coursera a lot for giving me a great course.
Very good course. We learn the basics of Machine learning and Neural Networks in the earlier course. It works fine when we work with the examples given here, but in real world, our basic program does not work. The tuning process is more important for a successful model. Thanks to Prof Andrew Ng.
Andrew Ng has a great teaching style, the lectures are always easy to follow and to the point. Weekly quizzes and programming exercises are very well done and help to reinforce the topics a lot.The programming exercises in week 1 and 2 are very low-level and thus not relevant for real projects.
I felt like this course picked up specific problems and I was guided through them very well. Including theoretical aspects into the program assignments helped me to understand the concepts as I applied them! I also liked the funny comments every now and then. Great  highly recommendable course!
This is a beautiful course that builds on the first one, it gives all the intuitions about various hyperparameters and makes us implement all that in python. Then he when we start working with tensorflow, it all makes sense because we actually know what is going on in the functions that we use.
Incredible course. Very comprehensive, and goes over some awesome, industry-relevant optimization algorithms. Clear examples, programming assignments are extremely helpful, etc. Only things to improve would be to increase the difficulty of programming assignments, and focus more on Tensorflow.
The course teaches many SOTA techniques for tuning hyperparameters, various regularization techniques, various optimization algorithms. Howerver, it would have been great to get a hands-on on hyperparameters tuning in real. Rest, the course is amazing and paves a smooth way to deep learning!!
I am really glad to learn the tuning and optimization techniques. Hopefully, I can implement them whenever I need. Learning a new framework (TensorFlow) and using it to ease up the bigger calculations was the best thing about the course. Hats off to Andrew NG for designing a course like that.
This second course was great in terms of showing improvements.  I would have enjoyed a little more rigorous treatment of why improvements work, but then the course could go on and on... I sill think Andrew can spend a little more time on overcoming overfitting.  All in all, excellent balance!
It's a great course like the others and quite valuable.  I am not quite sure how tensorflow fits into optimization, but I was glad to get a good, handholding kind of introduction to tensorflow as in these courses, I had become accustomed to doing things directly using numpy or MATLAB/Octave.
This course helps practitioner or beginner to know how to tune supporting parameters in order to achieve more efficient/accurate NN. In other words, this course helps me figuring how to optimize the NN design, and I think this is recommended for beginners who like to explore Deep Learning/NN
This course provided a lot of insight in how to improve accuracy by tuning hyper parameters and also introduced multi-class problems and Deep learning programming frameworks! Awesome specialization to have as it aims to create well rounded expertise in Deep Learning and Neural networks area.
After the first course, This course was really important for optimizing the Deep Nets and increasing its accuracy to further heights. The discussion forum also helped in clarification of many intriguing doubts. The assignments were suffice in implementing and understanding the fundamentals.
Coursera is so amazing to provide an opportunity like this to someone who is living in a 3rd world country with almost no opportunities in a high entry barrier field like Data Science. It is inspiring to see what coursers stands for, providing a learning opportunity to everyone, everywhere.
Nice breadth and depth of relevant topics in this course. Andrew Ng is as always very precise about the issues presented and helps build up our knowledge step-by-step in a super structured way. Nice to work with both Python (semi-raw) models and getting a similar introduction to TensorFlow.
Took the course to retest my knowledge in Deep learning. Have completed this course some time back. Without certificate. Professor has covered each of these topics in good detail. Practice workbooks and assignments are really helpful and provide a great start for deep learning enthusiasts.
Really like the assignments in this course, which gives me hands-on experience with advanced knowledge such as Adam optimizer, gradient checking. Tensorflow v1 assignment is also good, but I am not sure whether API is still relevant as Keras based API for tensorflow v2 is already released.
With this course, even the beginner can understand why what happens when tuning and optimizing a neural network model. With easy to understand methodology and great explanation, I highly recommend this course for anyone who wants to go deeper into deep learning and understand the workings.
Very helpful learning material.I'm still a bit confused though, even after passing the exams and exercises, but I think its mostly because I've lost grasp on mathematics. So, the blame is on me not coursera.Hopefully I would fit more in the Deep Learning world by finishing up the course ;)
This is a great course and you get to do real programming and training of a Deep Neural network.  Andrew Ng is an excellent instructor.  The final assignment wasn't hard but the syntax was difficult to follow.  Using the forum and the Tensorflow documentation you can make your way through.
This builds on the basics from the first course with some important techniques (such as Xavier initialization, Adam optimization, and batchnorm) and ends with an introduction to implementing these in TensorFlow.  Fast-moving but well taught with a good mix of theory and hands-on exercises.
Awesome course. Theory and practise in the right proportion. Programming assignments are useful, interesting and use modern technologies like Python or TensorFlow. Question quizzes are not too hard but help to repeated theory. Also, I liked interviews with great people from Deep Learning.
I am totally enlightened by this course. A lot of the concepts covered were completely new to me and very helpful in building a good performing neural network.  The lectures were in depth and very well organized. The contents are not something you will come across in other tutorial sites.
A great refresher to Andrew's original ML course at first, but also later is learning current deep learning current mindset at work. Great pace, great course, and great programming assignments. Makes me want to see the 3rd course for (i hope)  more challenging programming assignments :) .
Gave me a clear understanding on how to improve the calculus on a neural network. Computational software has advanced from programming in R of Python to software frameworks, hiding a lot of the math. Needs another study of the software frameworks though!Thanks for the opportunity to join.
prof. Ng's teaching was so great. some tricky details taught that I never considered them before.  when I read the textbook, it was easy to understand and repetitive. I've learned simple and clean implementation. in overall it was important, simple, understandable, time efficient course.
A very well structured course on some of the most overlooked (but critical) elements in Deep Learning. Prof. Andrew Ng definitely makes everything seem easy; he breaks down even the most complex of optimization algorithms and explains it with sheer simplicity. Would definitely recommend!
Course has been designed so well that even a aspiring beginner  can learn the concepts very well.Every student who wants to begin their career in the field of Deep Learning must follow this course.Especially the tensor flow concept is taught very well with the help of exercise tutorial.
Thank you Andrew and Team for this course. I must say the course has surprised me and I have myself surprised my level of learning. But all credit to the way course is laid out and the step by step method of progress along with strong conceptual explanation helps a lot. Thank you again
Awesome Course! :)Andrew is really the best instructor... He makes problems very easy to solve.The content is fantastic... The best part of this course is Optimization algorithms.I loved every video and content with best explanation on hyperparameter tuning...Adam optimization is best
A great course, with deep understanding of all important hyperparameters and the related concepts important to tune the deep neural networks. Lectures are up to the mark and so are the programming assignments. Thanks a lot Andrew Ng and Coursera for making it possible for me to learn.
As usual, another incredible course taught by a really good teacher. I strongly recommend it to anyone who wants to get a firm garsp about optimization algorithms and how they really work, apart from hyperparameter tunning and regularization methods for bias/variance. Thank Andrew Ng!
Very helpful in building on the foundation in neural networks and deep learning with practical experience. The programming assignments are reinforce key concepts and are a great asset to keep after the class and apply in projects. Andrew is doing great work bringing AI to the masses!
Nice illustration of the tricks including Batch-Norm, Optimization as well as Dropout, etc. Sometimes the lack of the theory is sort of unstatisfying, but considering the difficulty of a comprehensive intro for all of the above, it has been good enough for beginners to catch up with.
While the first course in the specialization is the perfect introduction to the realm of NN, this course is the place where I learned to implement a true Deep Network. It talks about various optimizations and parameters of the DL models. Bonus, it introduces the tensorflow framework.
Great course! Very well laid out approach to tuning  a deep neural network.  FInal introduction to Tensorflow was useful, but I think a lot of information was compressed into a single video. Suggest spreading this a little more.  The Tensorflow programming assignment was pretty good.
This course is awesome. I never had this deep understanding of tuning hyperparameters, batch normalization and regularization before taking this course, though I went through several online material. The Tensorflow introduction and subsequent programming assignment is also excellent.
It would be super cool if this course could be extended with pytorch just to compare with tensorflow. Usually courses are extended on udemy, for instance (not a marketing, just a comparison), even after all the materials are completed. It would be sand to have this course abandoned.
Thank you, Andrew and the others, who helped him! The tests are very useful and lectures give enough theory to understand everything. The only think I would like to add is a quiz. Quizzes are very useful and can be used so as to make your brain repeat the what you heard in a video.
As a 2-3yrs experienced deep learning developer should say that this specialization is awesome specifically this course, it's really practical every day to get a better result just tune the parameters as you've learned in the course and boom that's it you get a better model. Thanks
It is amazing how concepts can be made so clear that implementing them by hand seems so easy. Love how the instructions are commented in the programming assignment. It helps you complete the assignment easily, yet giving such an extreme feeling of fulfilment and accomplishment. :)
Really loved this course! I believe it is really important for anyone who completed the first one to enroll on this one as well as it goes over many important topics that are critical in implementing Neural Networks. And finally, it goes over Tensorflow which was really fun to do!
Fantastic course on Deep Learning. The concepts explained during the course are very useful, especially regularization (week 1) and optimization (week 2).  The introduction to TensorFlow is great. This course has allowed me to read technical articles about DNN and understand them.
The discipline with which the code examples are put can make anybody learn Deep Learning with no  prio Experience.I have thoroughly enjoyed each and every assignment and tutorials and I am amazed with the way Andrew NG has put the lectures. Kudos to the team behind this course !!
This course was very helpful learn so additional information on hyperparameters which help me out at work. Where I was tuning my own and was able to get 88%. After taking this course and implementing what I learned into auto tune my hyperparameters my accuracy went up to 91.33%.
This lectures + programming examples are very good for a kick start and to understand key concepts. I'm a mathematician, diving into deep learning. I really appreciate this course. The programming examples are valuable even if my python knowledge is on a beginners level. Thanks!
This again is an excellent insight on the hyper parameters and deep learning frameworks. The extreme prowess in the subject but at the same time a very lucid and relaxed style of teaching from Andrew helps quickly grasp these difficult concepts. Looking forward to much more!!!
This is such a crucial course to build upon the fundamentals of Neural Networks.Especially the intuitions that Andrew has provided really add to the arsenal, I'm so glad I took this course.Looking forward to the other courses in this specialisation.Thank you Andrew/Coursera :)
This is a great course!! In this course a lot of the previous concepts start to be refined and streamlined for efficient implementation. I feel like this course gave me a better handle on the concepts that have been building since my first Machine Learning course by Andrew Ng.
Very well explained each and every concept only I had struggle in gradient checking and every other video and quizzes are great. I hope after doing these courses I will definitely get a good career start after my graduation. Andrew Ng Sir is Greatest teacher I have found yet.
Excellent course, even using intuitions Prof. Andrew Ng is able to communicate the very details of the different regularization approaches, as well how to do a good hyper-parameter search. Finally it introduces the TensorFlow framework with a very nice programming assignment.
The most exciting part of this course is the exercise in the last week. The Python/Numpy code structure for a neural network learned in the previous course can be directly translated into the TensorFlow structure intuitively, which makes it easier to learn and to understand.
The Deep Learning course is in great flow and can't get any better than this. I highly recommend deeplearning.ai specialization on Coursera for all the aspiring Deep Learning practitioners. Trust me you'll learn everything, right from the fundamentals to the advanced topics.
This course gives learner a high level strategy in tuning hyperprameter. It teaches me not only the knowledge but also the intuition about the processes. It is also great to learn how to use Tensorflow framework in training models. Great job deeplearning.ai team and Andrew!!
Great course!!! The best online course I have ever taken! I enjoyed almost every day I participated in that course, really an educational treasure! It is so comprehensive and detailed at the same time. Due to the good presentation of the topics it was really understandable.
Very conceptual learning related to deep learning. Really appreciate the mentor who is teaching from the depth and able to clear all the concepts related to course topics. Highly recommend to those who haven't gone through all the videos and programming assignments.Thanks!
I have really learned a lot of things! It surely took 3 weeks to complete all the things, it was tough at some points, but if I didn't do this course, I might have some regrets that I didn't achieve all the knowledge. Thanks to Mr. Andrew, he is really a very good teacher.
Wonderful course and material. Andrew has a great way of explaining the topics in the simplest way. Although I had some issue with understanding the optimizers,  I learned a great deal. However, This course needs a revamp using Tensorflow 2.0 for the tutorials :) Thank you
there is a lot of materiel that is being discussed during the lectures, and all of it seems like it could be really relevant. I am missing a consolidated course deck - ie something like a deck of slides on all the important concepts that are being discussed, for reference.
Another awesome course by Andrew. I wish he was my professor in my grad school. I hope Coursera publishes all the notebooks + data on public github so I can redo all the exercise again. Too much info to digest in short amount of time. I can't wait for RNN and CNN courses.
Easily the best course on diving under the hood of how a Neural Network actually works and how to tune to the satisfaction of our results.A no brainer for sure. The best part the exercises. You MUST do the exercises to understand thoroughly how the systems actually work.
I like this course, it details basic while popular technique we need to optimize neural networks. also the lectures on different optimization algorithms are very helpful for you to know details on how they run when we choose these algorithm in frameworks like tensorflow.
I found this course extremely helpful. It enabled me to develop a really good intuition about how deep learning models are made, and what are the small steps that go a long way in improving the overall performance of the system. I hope all of you find this helpful too.
Excellent course, giving a very good insight into how to approach building a deep neural network, the concepts of various parameters, tips on how to best achieve a good  algorithm and a step by step walk through of the different algorithms, parameters and optimization.
Quite detailed curriculum. It is a great continuation for course 1 of this specialization series. As usual, Prof. Andrew Ng is there to guide our way throughout the course duration. A really fun and intriguing course which can lead to course 3 as a proper continuation.
This course was perfect for me.  I thought it was a good balance between theory and practice.  I don't think I'm ready to start building NN's from scratch, but at least now I know how to get started.  Also, I now have an understanding of the complexity of a ML project.
Mini Batch/Adam Optimization concepts was very well explained. I was expecting the detailed derivation of the backpropagation for the batch normalization case. Overall it was a great course and it greatly improved my understanding about concepts used in deep learning.
Through the class, the tuning of Hyperparameter is detailed introduced  and more important is that why it's tuned is very clear. Suggest persons study deep learning to study this class carefully.Expect to have more info from the current study in University or College.
I guess the difficulty is what you make of it, with further studying and dedication, but I would like to encounter more challenging assignments, where one has to code entire cells for instance, as opposed to a single line here and there. But everything else is great!
Contains very good understanding of Hyperparameters and their tuning process.Secondly, teaches very well the mathematics of optimizers such as GD, SGD, GD with Momentum, GD with RMSProp and ADAM.Finally, a small glimpse of Batch Normalization.Highly Recommended!!!!!!
I had previously used optimizers with momentum and variance momentum (Adam) with the understanding that they helped without knowing exactly how. This course cleared up all those tiny details and has left with with a greater appreciation of neural networks in general.
This was a great course. I could develop solid intuition about how neural networks work, and learn about state-of-the-art ways to make them better. The only thing that I have to complain about is the fact that the Tensorflow part should be updated to Tensorflow 2.0.
This course broadened my understanding of what really happens when driving the cost function closer to its minimum and techniques to go there faster. I found this course instructive and the programming excercises helped a lot to digest the learnings from the videos.
I know deep learning already, but I saw many people who even know it doing this specialization,so i too started like that..but its a very good experience concepts are very well explaining and I am enjoying assignments a lot it a very fun experience doing all again..
I find this course very useful, many complex ideas are presented in a very understandable way! This course is like a collection of all important aspects! However, homework could be more difficult, because now almost all the answers are given in the python notebooks.
This specialisation is an exciting journey - can't wait to start the next course. The foundational concepts of neural networks are expertly packaged in these courses, together with enough practical exposure to get you started on a fun learning and career experience.
Best course to improve your understanding of Neural Network tuning, moreover the Tensorflow course at the end of 3rd week is really detailed, I worked earlier with tensorflow but didnt get its details accurately, but now I am confident enough about using tensorflow
Wonderful course that teaches one the intricacies of training better models. It's also great when learning to implement a neural network through Tensor Flow for the last assignment and realizing that you have a good understanding of whats going on "under the hood".
This course is very thorough and detailed. Now I can clearly and confidently say that I can perform good research and obtain formal information and data on any topic, as opposed to just surfing the internet for genuine knowledge. Great course, well done to Andrew.
Overall, this is an excellent course, although it is not perfect.  Trying to understand what is wrong when full credit is not earned for quizzes or programming assignments is sometimes "challenging".  It would sometimes be useful to have more informative feedback.
Great course., excellent well to the point, Only nuisance I observed is during submitting coding assingments required multiple tries since at first time, all the code somehow does not go thru. So needed to save and restart notebook and cut& pasted again. Thank you
Great course. I really like it as it get more and more practical. Few things might be missing from the class - it might be worth to encourage students play with algorithms a bit more. Say get back to the previous stage and add regularization to get better results.
Grate course, only criticism is that week 3 didn't thoroughly explain how batch normalization parameters (gamma and beta) get updated during gradient descent. (i.e. how to get dgamma and dbeta). It could have been an optional lecture for the mathematically savvy)
One of the most comprehensive course for people who want to learn the logic, implementation and conceptual understanding for deep learning. Programming exercises are a great starting point for learning implementation and they are perfectly made for the learners.
it is wonderful course i learned more in Deep learning  and how to apply regularization and how to optimize cost  function  also programming in Tensor flow i thanks all teaching assistant for there efforts to learn us and i recommend this course to  DL beginners
I recommend everyone to go through this course if you really want to learn detail about hyperparameter tuning , optimizers and regularization used to make neural network better. It helps to open black box of Neural network and know in detail about how all works.
Some very useful insights into practical implementation and optimization of neural networks, and a very welcome introduction to TensorFlow. After coding networks in numpy you both appreciate the framework, as well as understand what it's doing behind the scenes.
Again, fantastic. Great way to explain how to tune your algorithms to improve bias and variance. Great explanation of what optimizers are used and how they function. Glad to know the nuts and bolts of the parameters usually defined in machine learning frameworks
This course is a must for understanding hyperparameters and their tuning and choosing the best ones for your model. Prof. Andrew explains everything very simply and precisely. This course is intended for intermediate users who have knowledge with Deep networks.
I think the most important course of the 1st 3. It tells about all the different optimizations and practical aspects of training a deep neural network. I would keep referring to its content in the future too. Thank you team for creating such a wonderful course.
This was one the best course as it has made me capable to increase the efficiency of a project as it has taught me various techniques of selection of data size ratios, tunning hyper-parameters speeding gradient checking using different techniques and many more.
The gentle transition from NumPy based implemented deep learning functions to the Google's TensorFlow framework is so smooth and easy to comprehend. My understanding of the concepts has been solidified by the course. Thank you Andrew Ng and the Coursera team.
Extremely useful course . I highly recommend it . This course give me some helpful tips to tune hyperparameters , some optimization techniques that never heard before . The intro to Tensorflow in third weed is great . Assignment also proves to be insightful .
The course materials are well-designed. However, I have to say this is not an easy course as I spent a lot of efforts in order to understand how to do the assignments. Overall, I strongly believe the course has taught me what I need to know about this topic!
This was an interesting and challenging course. Andrew gives good intuitions about the fundamentals of improving deep neural networks. I recommend having separate optional sections explaining the math behind some of the concepts for those who are interested
This course brought to light a lot of the more intricate topics in deep learning. Compared to my knowledge before the course, I now feel like I have a sound understanding of all the small nuts and bolts that work in a deep learning system. Loved the course.
This is one of the best courses on Coursera. Cleared a lot of concepts. Before this course, I was always thinking, what to do if I had to classify among multiple classes, but the explanation of softmax was actually very helpful in answering that question.
This was a very interesting and different course from others. I found it very helpful for improving the NNs and the techniques taught with assignments give a well insight so as to how the problem should be dealt with.Thank you to teachers and to Coursera.
A perfect course on Deep learning. Mathematical analysis well put forward by Andrew. I am looking forward to finish Deep Learning specialization. I would appreciate if he provides reference to textbooks to learn more about the fundamentals.Thank you,Vivek
Recommend! The parts of batch norm and epoch in mini-batch solved my confusions. And the exercise of Tensorflow is simplify and useful. Without tedious documents, you can easily contruct a neural network for practical problems following the instructions.
Yet another great course from Prof. Andrew Ng and Coursera. Deeply grateful to all involved in the preparation of this course. Absolutely essential to learn these concepts if we want to build and optimize deep neural networks for creating great products!
The conciseness of the course material and interviews with industry experts offer thorough insight and can inspire confidence in new and old DNN learners alike. I look forward to learning more in the remaining courses of the Deep Learning Specialization!
I benefit a lot from this course regarding parameter initialization, hyperparameter optimization, batch normalization, optimization, etc. All the knowledge are well explained both intuitively and mathematically. Always enjoyable to learn from Andrew Ng.
As expected from deeplearning.ai and Sir Andrew Ng, this course was really great!Choosing between so many hyper-parameters and tuning them can be a confusing task, but this course explains each one in detail and simply.Thank you for this amazing course!
Not long ago I have been working with machine learning and artificial networks, but without a doubt so far I think my learning curve has been exponential. Themed content is for anyone to fall in love with technology and climb on the shoulders of giants.
I understood the bits and pieces of how tuning particular hyperparameters will lead to a great improvement model being developed. Andrew NG was great to teach everything with examples and deep dive into the concepts. Thanks for the opportunity provided.
Great course on practical techniques to tune hyper parameters. Great to see the practical experience driven lectures with succinct, focussed theory. Learning has never been so exciting. Kudos for the team who put together such as great code scaffolding.
Andrew Ng picks up where he left off with 'Machine Learning' and takes a relatively complicated subject and breaks it down into clear an understandable blocks, providing insight and intuition along the way. But that's what great teachers do well, right?
I'm on the road to improvement with my deep learning skills with the current specialization. Thank you for providing such a great quality course online. I also appreciate the mentors who comment to every post in discussion group. Keep up the good work!
Very wonderful and thought provoking stuff has been provided for learning optimization and regularization. Latest stuff have been used to demonstrate the examples. Thanks to Coursera for providing a good platform to learn all this tools and techniques.
This is a fabulous course for hyperparameter tuning, regularization, normalization, optimization, and other tensorflow framework commands. I have gained immense knowledge from this course. My deep regards to Andrew Ng et. al. for such a worthy course.
This course is good for those who want to learnt about the different regularization technique and the most important optimizer algorithms.  The course material is good and easy to understand. I liked this course so much and it teach me lots of things.
In-depth learning about Hyper-parameter Tuning, multiple Regularization and Optimization Techniques. This Course makes learning Deep Learning Framework like Tensorflow very easy.All thanks to Andrew NG and team for building this course so interactive.
Hyperparameters can affect our parameters and how tuning them properly would speed up our optimization is nicely taught. And it was great to know the intuition and mathematics behind other optimization algorithmswhich which was also taught very well.
It's been a great learning through out this course. Even by improving hyperparameters, tuning them and optimizing them, we can increase the efficiency and reduce the execution time very much.Thank you so much Andrew Ng sir for this amazing course!!!
This course is very useful, a good extension of the first deep learning course. Like the name of the course, on top of the basic neural networks knowledge, this course focus on how to improve the performance of the fundamental neural networks built.
In the course there are lots of impressed optimization strategies that are hard to get outside from here. I was shocked when I saw the performance improvement after I run He initialization and Adam, according to the instruction in the course. Great!
I'm very happy can finish this course. After taking this course, I understand how to optimize deep learning model, how to tuning hyperparameters. Also, by doing the programming assignment I can understand how to do optimization process from scratch
THE COURSE TAUGHT ME DIFFERENCE BETWEEN RMS ,MOMENTUM AND ADAM OPTIMISER.WHY BATCH NORMALISATION IS IMPORTANT.HOW REGULARISSATION AND DROPOUT IS USEFUL.GRADIENT DESCENT AND MINI BATCH DESCENT AND WHY IT SHOULD BE BETWEEN 1 AND NUMBER OF M(SAMPLES).
This course was a great introduction to more advanced topics of deep learning. I was primarily interested in the second week of this course, where different optimization techniques like momentum and optimization algorithms like ADAM were discussed.
Great knowledge on how to optimize hyperparameters and example code is always appreciated. I appreciated the knowledge on effectively using sklearns hyperparameter search methods and knowledge on how to use tensorflow to create my own gpu methods.
The course material was very good.  The only issue I had was that the system seemed to go down once in a while, and I would have to exit and sign back into Coursera.  Restarting the kernel didn't help.  This would sometimes cause me to lose work.
considering the topics that are covered those are very good and detailed and as a beginner those are required to be known to every individual , especially professor andrew has put a lot of efforts in designing the course it seems , it's very nice
Thanks to the instructor and the team for creating an excellent and rigorous online course. I particularly enjoyed learning the ADAM optimizer from the ground up. The quizzes and programming assignments are also challenging and fun. Thanks again!
This course teaches how to organise training in a structured and systematic way without doing things so complicated. Also very good introduction to tensorflow a library that any data scientist that is serious about deep learning should now about.
Very useful course which helped me to organize my thoughts about how to select the model hyperparameters, how to extended the network for multiple outputs using the softmax function. Additionally the Tensorflow lab was very helpful as jump start.
After Completing this course I can now understand some of the secrets of Regularization, Batch Normalization, Learning Rate and many more thing related to Deep Learning.Assignments are very relatable to explore what you just learn in every week.
Legendary Andrew Ng strikes again! Great chapter of this Deep Learning Specialisation! Good balance of theory and must-know concepts for improving neural networks! I especially appreciated the optimization part and the tensorflow coding exercise
After completion of this course, I knew what I have to do to make my neural network to perform better and how to avoid over-fitting. And what range of values and techniques, I can use/check and how I will set my hyper-parameter more effectively.
This is awesome.Andre Ng gives great lectures, the practical exams are easy to follow and no installation of software and other annoying bumps on the road as everything you need is running smoothly using Jupyer notebooks on preinstalled servers!
This was the best course of this series as I have observed it was awesome to learn various normalization techniques and then implement them form the scratch and then the various optimizer. But in the last programming exercise the task was less.
A important aspect of machine learning that is left untaught and ignored that is hyperparameter and optimization.This course cover them all and also the best practices .Deeplearning.ai specialization is really the best course I have ever taken.
Contents are structured in a way that it is so easy to pick up. Programming exercises are exactly in the balance that is not too hard or it isn't too easy. Learned a lot in this course especially. Thank you so much for this excellent course !!!
A good summary of Hyperparameter tuning, Regularization and Optimization. One suggestion would be to extend this course for 1-2 weeks and emphasize more on the intuitions and mathematics behind the optimizers. But again, the videos are awesome.
Simple and straight forward explanation of most helpful tools. Examples are well designed. However I feel that introduction to TensorFlow is very brief, it should have been more elaborative. Anyhow overall a well designed and well paced course.
This course taught me a lot of things that I cannot usually find in a school curriculum, yet the content are extremely useful in helping me to accelerate my algorithms. This course is super important in handling deep learning projects, I think.
Another excellent course by Proffesor Ng. Lots of material to learn but neatly organized and extends the journey from the previous course. Lots of ML/DL terminology is clarified and their place and importance shown in this course. Very useful!!
Take this course if you want to know:1). He Initialization 2). Adam Optimization3). Batch Normalization4). Softmax Activation (or regression)5). Tensor-Flow for programming Deep-net. It is an amazing course. It is well-structured and presented.
This is just an amazing Courese in Deep Learning, about neural network optimisation by chosing optimum hyperparameter. I would recommend every boy who i really interested in learning the deep thought of deep learning to go through this course.
Understand well the fundamental and most of the hyper-parameters tuning mechanism and processes. The course has included some fundamental knowledge of using TensorFlow. It is well organized in the teaching processes and programming assignment.
Great Course. I especially like how the mathematics of Deep NNs are presented, taught and practiced, before the revelation of frameworks such as Tensorflow(in particular). This gives me a great understanding of what these frameworks are doing.
This course brings you all the details to make your neural network training works better (faster, more accurate, etc.). The materials are presented nicely (as usual), not only the formulas but also the intuition behind them as well. Very good.
Really cool course, review what i knew already. In addition learn more common optimization algos (GD with momentum, RMSprop, Adam). Get the sense of approaching the most tricky part hyperparameters tuning. Nice and smooth intro to Tensorflow.
This course has been amazing. I have learning various interesting topics such as overfitting,techniques to avoid overfitting,Different optimizers and softmax regularization. Tensorflow framework is awesome. Looking  forward to learn that too.
Great course, Andrew Ng is just the best teacher for NN and machine learning. Assignments  and quiz too easy, probably i will struggle on the implementing it on my own. But is common to MOOC so definitely the best deep learning MOOC out there
I wish these assignments would never get completed. Very nicely hand holding done through out the assignments so that you don't loose interest and also teach the intended stuff without watering down.Thanks a lot! Recommend this course highly!
I'm a beginner in ML so i don't know much to say but this course teaches what it says it will do. In the middle of the course you may be having lot of questions about how it all fits together, but they almost always get clarified in the end.
A bit hard to follow but worth the time spent as this course helps to build the intuitions behind some of the most famous optimization algorithms and tuning methods by making the students work through them using only basic python and numpy.
Very practical course for implementing deep neural networks from scratch. The ideas of hyper-parameter tuning, regularization and optimization are very refreshing even for experienced deep learning engineers. Learned a lot from this course.
Continuing the trend of magnificent course content, Dr. Andrew Ng walks us through some exceptional practical advice in implementing DL algorithms, detailing the concepts and the best-practices, and mentioning the pitfalls. Simple awesome!
It's a very good course for those willing to dig into the nitpicking of it. If you're really serious about this field, or if you're going to use neural networks often in your job, these lectures (and notebooks) can save you a lot of time.
This is an excellent class for understanding how to tune neural networks. I guess this will continue to be a valuable skill set until we have neural networks that can figure out optimal parameters to design and tune other neural networks.
I've worked with deep neural networks before for a while, but this course gave me a lot of new ideas, especially different tips and tricks on fine-tuning hyperparameters and speeding up the training of a deep neural net. Highly recommend!
Tuning is very important piece in DL. Thanks for this awesome course prof Andrew! A little peak into Tensorflow is quite eye-opening. Though it's only Tensorflow 1.0 but you will come to know later how powerful Tensorflow 2.0 has become.
This part is one of the most important to working with NN or DL nets. The instructor has achieved to teach a not so easy topic in an awesome manner so everyone is able to tune his networks as a professional. Can't wait for the next part.
I this course I learned how to improve Deep Neural Networks by applying different methods that help to speed up the convergence and to reduce overfitting. Also, now I have some basic knowledge about using TensorFlow. Thank you very much!
pretty good course all in all !, I would say considering the difficulty of this topics, the instructor has done a great job in transmitting the relevant parts that one needs to remember and also in justifying why things are as they are.
Very well structured class as a follow-up to the first one. Heavy on information but this is a good thing. As someone who isn't pro at Python, the development part was much smoother since programming wise it is similar to the first one.
I really like the practical aspects of the course where although there is a focus on teaching the fundamentals, there is also a good focus on teaching the latest frameworks to apply the knowledge of the learnt concepts more efficiently.
Excellent practical advice on running NNs. The lectures teach the subject matter in a lucid and intuitive way. The course ends with a TemperFlow exercise that shows how to implement NNs at a higher level than peviously shown with numpy.
Great material. Short, precise videos. It would be great if you propose projects to work on outside the course, in order to learn more about the topics. Just like ideas where we could apply what we have learned and a seed to build upon.
Loved the programming assignments. After learning Tensor flow in this course, I learnt about Keras on my own. It made model building very easy, but without understanding the basics, going straight to Keras would make a person dangerous.
Again, the course was great. Covering a large spectrum of deep neural net adaptations and configurations of its hyperparameters give me a better understanding and tips with how to best use this deep learning technology. Congratulations!
Absolutely loved the course. have learnt the basic pillars of Neural Networks and DNN. Andrew has clearly explained the diagnosis of a problem and identify bias and variance. then Regularisation techniques, Optimisation algorithms etc.
Thanks to this course I finally learned to optimize a neural network through the tuning of parameters and hyperparameters. And then I finally had my first experience with Tensorflow. Absolutely recommended. Andrew never disappoints me.
I can't emphasize how much I enjoyed this course. The course material is clear, structured and well laid out and each concept builds on the previous with repeated emphasis on key walk away points. Can't wait to start the next course :)
This is a great course like other ones in this specialization. I learned from this course why we need regularization, how to do them exactly, what are the rules-of-thumb for setting hyperparameters, and how to find them systematically.
After learning neural network and deep learning it is important to learn improving networks.This course gives idea to improve your network.Only knowing how to build a neural net is not okay you should also know to improve the network.
Had a lot of confusions on why and how to tune hyper parameters. Got a good amount of knowledge in Mini batch, batch normalization, momentum, Adam and RMS prop. Will surely be useful when I tune hyper parameters in my future projects.
Great course.  It was a little short, but covered the necessary parts of hyperparameter tuning.  I also liked how the last homework was done using TensorFlow and how the courses in the specialization build upon the preceding lectures.
Teaches "what it is" and "how to do it". Clear steps, easy to follow. It would be great if you can also teach "why it is like this", or say, why is regularization valid, what is the theoretical justification behind regularization etc.
Excellently taught by Andrew Ng. While the field of Deep Learning and AI continues to evolve rapidly, Andrew maintains calm and explains the core and relevant aspects needed to succeed in this course and hopefully also in your career.
Very clear and concise explanations. The advice from the instructor's personal experience is particularly exciting. It provides guidance and assures you that you are on the right part. This course is great to help develop intuitions.
Another great course which is an essential companion to the first course so that you know different techniques for improving and troubleshooting your neural networks. The 3rd week exercise also contains a nice tutorial to TensorFlow!
As with the first course of this specialization, Professor takes one step at a time building/ explaining things. He explains even minor details, so it very easy to understand. Also the assignments are very useful to learn the topics.
It has been a very helpful course for me. I got a proper intuition behind the hyperparameter tuning because of this course. Professor Andrew Ng's pedagogy and coursework design is just perfect and i really enjoyed learning from him.
Very Important topic in ML projects. The course gives the intuition for parameters of neural networks and how to choose them. Although slow pace with only a rough idea about each parameter but It is highly recommended for beginners.
Excellent course. Andrew Ng is an excellent instructor, providing very intuitive explanations to very complex models, and very useful applied advice. Makes the course super accessible to anyone with a basic background in statistics.
Awesome course as always ! It is very nice to have a very experienced deep learning
practitioner showing you step by step how to build your own models and sharing
many tips, intuitions and practices in a such a fluid and clear way.
Best course from deep learning ai i have learn regularization , different optimization algorithm like rms_prop, momentum and Adam also lean what is deep leaning framewrok and also use one of them in assignment of week 3 of coursera
Enjoyed the class and would recommend to those who wants to know more about the hyperparameters relating deep learning. Materials well explained by Prof Ng and assignment equally well designed.  Looking forward to the next section.
Liked the content of this course. I would have liked optional videos about the mathematics behind the optimization algorithms. Appreciate the focus on building the optimization algorithms from ground up before learning a framework.
A great course. I appreciate the way how Andrew Ng explained all the technical details which i have never able to understand. Before taking this course, it used to be black box for me.  Many many thanks to the  great teacher of AI.
Nice course on hyperparameter tuning, regularization, and optimization. Those who are research scholars will get deep knowledge. Working professionals get good hints for improving the model and accuracy through various techniques.
I enjoyed the every bit of this course! It is very well structured as always and optimization methods are clearly explained. I like the last programming assigment the most. It gives you a solid grasp of Deep Learning architecture.
Andrew NG is masterful at explaining complex things in the clearest possible way teaching all and only you need to get an understanding of the subject that is good and complete relative to the goals of the course. Amazing teacher.
Very well explained and detailed. The less positive aspect is that I think the programming assignements are a bit too easy. But for the rest it's perfect, it's always interesting and clear. Thank you for the high quality content !
Prof. Andrew did justice to the topic. The course contents are very insightful with respect to how the choice of parameters initialization and optimization techniques could influence the overall outcome of a Neural Network model.
Nuts & Bolts of deep learning were very well explained thought in this course which will be very useful in building a robust neural networks. Maths behind the concepts were explained clearly. Thank you  very much Prof.Andrew Ng !
This course really helps me understand different optimization functions, regularization and dropout these valuable tools in depth. Implementing Adam and Momentum more or less from scratch makes me feel more familiar with them ;)
Great next step to the First Course. The jump into Tensor Flow was a little sudden and maybe we could've had some more smaller exercises mimicking other problems in Tensorflow before the new one came up for the final assignment.
The main advantage of this course is the amazing capacity of professor Andrew Ng to facilitate the understanding of key concepts on Deep Neural Networks.   The assignments help a lot to improve the comprehension of the concepts.
I am so grateful that Andrew and his team provide such great course, after completed the course now I have more understanding about different optimizer and regularization methods of the NN. And practical exercise with tensorflow
This course is awesome. In the end of this I can understand the how to make your model more efficient and optimal. How I can play with our training set and how to improve the our Deep Neural Network.Thank you so much Andrew sir.
I like the way Prof. Andrew explains intuitions and how Momentum works in Deep Learning. Also, this course gives practical explanations of how improve models. I would recommend to anyone who want to start learning Deep Learning!
All the techniques taught were very effective. Before this course, I made a NN without knowing these techniques and it was a pain to get it to converge. Hopefully, after applying these techniques. it is performing very well now.
This course gives me a comprehensible insight into the tuning of hyperparameters in the Deep Learning. It gives me a better understanding by some useful and practical exercises. I really want to say thanks your efforts, Andrew.
I wish there are exercises for coding back-propagation on Batch-normalization and multinomial logistic regression from scratch (using python and NumPy only). That would help to deepen my understanding of those concepts greatly.
Good stuff.   All in all well worth the few weeks to get a better idea of how to thing and deal with parameters.I feel like  I need a real course on tensorflow though.   Documentation and tutorials are not googles strong point.
Very rich with information on various ways Neural Network training can benefit from optimizations.  I'm sure there are many more optimizations to explore, and this serves as a great introduction to some of the more common ones.
The optimization algorithms and the the introduction to tensorflow were the topics I liked the most. Although hyperparameter tuning is important, this seems to me to be still very empirical. Also, more interviews would be nice.
In this course, Professor Ng shares great guidelines on tuning deep learning hyperparameters, which are a lot compared to other machine learning algorithms. This will surely help any deep learning projects to be more effective.
Adjusting parameters are highly essential skills for deep learning programming that most of my friends lacking. Great lectures and assignments around the topic, many thanks to the lecturer and assistants for their great works.
The course will make all concepts about improving deep neural network understand in excellent manner by Andrew Ng.Must complete the course on deeplearning.ai.Mathematical concepts along with applciaitons are clearly explained.
This course is an absolute necessary for anyone who wants an in-depth knowledge of optimising their deep learning solutions. Loved the course work and I could easily relate the course contents with the practical aspects of AI.
This course provides a detailed description on parameter tuning and also deep mathematical aspects behind it. This is a must-take course to understand how neural network parameters operate inside and the way to optimize them.
This course helps me a lot to learn about tuning hyper parameters of deep learning, efficient optimize for gradient descent. Personelly, I love the idea of momentum for gradient descent. Thanks for giving intro to TensorFlow.
Excellent follow up to the first course.  Lectures and lessons are well matched to reinforce the material.  A few minor errors in the programming assignments that have been pointed out in the forums that need to be corrected.
Really great course by Andrew. I am marking all of them as 5 stars. But these are not fake reviews. These are really great. As I have mentioned in other comments. I really like the style of Andrew of writing while explaining.
Learnt a lot about the different of the Hyper-Parameters & the different kinds of Optimization algorithms. Was really beautifully explained & made intuitive to understand. Loved to have an introduction to Tensor-Flow as well.
A little less technical than the first machine learning course for the Deep Learning Specialization, but very valuable nonetheless, don't hesitate to try! It truly is a good course and Professor Andrew Ng is a great teacher!
Again Andrew Ng did a fantastic job explaining complex problems in a simple terms which make the course fun to follow. The quiz and the practice exams also help better understand the problem and the concept behind the video.
Very helpful course that sheds light on the inherent parameters of popular 'black box' DL libraries. After passing the course you will be able to understand and variate the majority of those small but important coefficients.
Very helpful! This course helps me step into the details of deep neural networks in practice, and teaches me how to fix those issues, as well as Tensorflow which is a popular deep learning programming framework using Python.
this course was much easier for me to follow, i am really grasping the core coding.  really enjoy this course and the others from deeplearning.ai but the notebook crashed again... but luckily only one line of code was lost.
It was a really good course, like the first one. The only problem is that we got the idea of hyper parameters. We haven't still figured out how to automatically set values of all hyper parameters. That was a bit sad for me.
Thanks a lot, Andrew. Now I know Batch Norm and Adam very well. With the TensorFlow assignment, I can say I have enough basic knowledge to gain more. The practice assignment was very well organized to gain TensorFlow basics
I'm not sure if those technics are still applicable with high-level libraries, but I really like the way Prof. Ng explains it and it helps me to better understand how it works behind the scenes  of already written functions
a very good course to get started with hands-on deep learning. This will not only cover the hyperparameters and optimization techniques but also covers the underlying math and reasoning behind using it. It's fun! Go for it!
I'm always satisfied with deeplearnig.ai's courses.All the lectures are making me understand very well with simple and easy explanations.I really like to recommend this course to anyone who wants to begin the deep learning.
Good extension of the first course, covered with necessary (from a novice point of view) details.Despite complexity of the subject, there was enough explanations, examples and hints to finish coding exercises in the course.
This course provides me with information that gave me a breakthrough in my machine learning programs. I believe using the algorithms introduced in this course will change an amateur learning program into a professional one.
This course helped me acquire the essential knowledge behind the optimizers we use in deep learning. I always consider it necessary to know what is running behind those huge libraries in python. This course taught me that.
The course is easy to understand, and the assignment design is very thoughtful. Many parts that do not matter much with key knowledge have already been completed for us, which significantly improves our learning efficiency
It was a very helpful course because it unravels the mathematics behind the optimization algorithms and the hyperparameters. Also, the intuition about those algorithms was very helpful. Looking forward to the next courses.
This class covers the gritty details on how to choose all the hyperparameters for a neural net. This is a vital step that isn't cover very well in other courses I've taken so far. Which makes this course uniquely valuable.
Andrew NG in Machine and Deep Learning is like Bruce Lee in Martial Arts.Starting from class 1, he covered each and every small topic and correlated those beautifully.Feels lucky to attend this course. Highly Recommended!
Great course where we understand how to tune hyperparameters and how to improve our algorithms with regularization and optimization techniques. The basic concepts of TensorFlow and how to use it are also covered. AMAZING!
This
is a great course. I would not imagine starting a Deep Learning project without
knowing about Hyperparameter tuning, Regularization and
Optimization. Andrew Ng is an amazing teacher. Learning materials are fantastic.
Maybe a bit more Tensorflow basics could be covered. As a newbie, the Tensorflow assignment was a bit hard for me. Especially when I made some errors, it was difficult to find out what went wrong from the error messages.
It was a great course to dig into deep learning. In this course, I got a lot of intuition and insights from different methods of tuning and improving the neural network and how really like a specialist defines our model.
A very handy course that introduces new topics like hyperparameter tuning, batch norm, softmax etc. Andrew NG gives a really good intuition for most of the concepts. Looking forward to other courses in the specialisation
Very good course to get a better understanding of how to optimize a NN by tuning the hyperparameters. It´s was also a very good introduction to tensorflow in the end and a very fun assignment in the end using tensorflow.
It is a awsome course. Those familiar words, Hyperparameter, Regularization and Optimization, from the Machine Learning area, are all introduced by this course and the techniques will be used by the comming next courses.
I found the mathematical explanations to be very helpful for a deeper understanding of the key concepts in DL. Also the assignments give great explanations that helps to grab the ideas more. Thanks for this great course.
Awsome course.Takes you deeper into how you optimize you neural nets.I have started loving to learn things once again.All credits to the instructor and everyone else who have put in effort to make the content this rich.
Love the explanations and the fundamentals covered! My only feedback is you make it easier for students to download their finished content with all the data and utility scripts. Individually downloading files is a pain.
Very nice course. The pace is good. For me the estimated hours per week was low, I ended up investing more time on the Course but I want a more thorough understanding of what's happening (I'm no expert by any means...).
This is a good course to improve our skills in hyperparameter optimization! I didn't know different optimization algorithm, the ADAM optimization is crazy and many other algorithms! good i'm ready for the third course!
I strongly recommend this course who anyone is interested on understanding what is going on behind deep learning algorithms. The lectures are very instructive and impel one to learn more and more about this discipline.
Thanks to Andrew and his team. The materials were easy to understand and the assignments helped gain confidence. My suggestion is to remove the 'fill in the blanks' type assignments and make it little more challenging.
I feel that programming exercise of the last week of this course does not cover full of the third week videos.The concepts like batch normalization, hyper-parameter tuning. Other than that this course is very helpful.
This course is excellent, I understand all the hyper parameters and underlying concepts in tuning them to optimize Deep Neural networks. The introduction to tensor-flow and practical session on it is very much useful.
Another great course, for getting your hands dirty with deep learning. Gained enough intuition about topics related with hyper-parameter tuning and learned about several optimization algorithms. Thanks for this course
Enjoyed the course and programming assignments alot. Gained knowledge regarding Adam Optimization and batch normalization and learnt how to implement neural network in tensorflow. Teaching by Andrew Ng sir is awesome.
Excellent Practical advice on Improving Deep Neural Networks, Interesting talk with Heros of Deep Learning: Yoshua Bengio and Yuanging Lin and good programming exercises including nice introduction to using TensorFlow
Another masterclass from Dr. Andrew on Deep Learning. This course helps us in building a perspective on identifying significant hyper parameters influencing the performance of Neural Networks and how we can tune them.
I'm a biologist. This course explains basic component of deep neural networks, and it is the most clearly explained course I've even taken.  Through this course, I could implement deep neural network even with numpy !
Andrew's explanation is so crystal clear that it makes us program the most difficult aspects of Deep Learning to work on smoothly and easily with great clarity. It is a great experience always to learn from Andrew Ng.
I've came to this course specially to clarify hyperparameters and optimization algorithms. But decided to start from course 1 in order not to miss anything important. 
I've got answers I was looking for! Thanks a lot!
Enterteining and insightful approach to DL. I find the programming assignments very useful, hands on practice. I feel that I am capable of implementing almost from scratch a real DL NN and I cant test it performance.
Excellent course. Andrew balances theory and intuition perfectly when explaining a method or an algorithm. He helps me to see not only why something is mathmetically correct, but also why it makes sense intuitively.
This course had cool insights into the workings of various optimization algorithms. It has definitely helped me go beyond the black-box understanding of Adams Optimizer / RMSProp / Momentum etc. Highly recommended !
Even though setting up Neural Networks is easy, making them work according to our need requires a lotof knowledge and practice.We get exposed to many such practices in this course.It was a great learning experience.
This is really good course. I have already learnt most of the topics through different books so I could complete the course very fast. Tensor flow is a very important tool and its inclusion in this course is a plus.
this course does a great job explaining concepts and providing guidance in the assignments. I sometimes wish they provided less scaffolding, but my assignments in this course will be a useful resource going forward
This course really helped me with some terms like L2 regularization, Dropout, Adam Optimization and finally implementing the whole idea on Tensorflow. Thanks a lot to Andrew and his associates! I loved this course.
I recommend this course to all the professionals who are working in market of deep learning & machine learning. This course will equip you with all types of necessary skills to cope with real world ML/DL challenges
This course introduces the basic and key concepts of neural networks which are essential in building deep neural networks based on their problem application. I loved how TensorFlow has been introduced with exercise
Not bad, but I felt the exercises had maybe a touch too much hand holding, and he never talked about how to compute the derivatives of Adam Optimization, though of course we promptly use Tensorflow to do it for us.
Excellent course to learn about Hyperparameter tuning, Regularization and Optimization. The concepts are well explained in an intuitive way. The programming assignments are really useful to apply what was learned.
I personally feel that this is one of the most important courses included in this specialization as it helps us tune our model to the best possible parameters. Don't skip this course at any cost, dear colleagues!!
this was amazing. Explained almost all the hyperparameters, why we need those and how can we optimizat those. along with regularization, dropouts. Everything was explained from need to the hands on implementation.
This is an awesome Deep Learning training course, Prof Ng depict all the key and hardest part of deep learning in this one single online course, which is still a mysteries for many people without going through it.
The course contains lots of practical tips, and it has a wonderful and intuitive illustration of important concepts, but i think that the assignments need to be harder (not that much help provided in the notebook)
Very practical breakdown of the various optimization techniques and how one can apply them. Also this was my first exposure to Tensorflow, I felt the assignment really made it easy to get started with tensor flow
Great Course, just like the rest in the specialisation! Really like the method of teaching!! Some sections of the assignment were coded before hand but would have been nice to be able to code them as well. Thanks
Full rating for this course, deals with the most difficult and challenging part of the deep-learning. Finding the right strategy for setting and optimizing the training. Thoroughly enjoyed, learning the concepts.
Concepts are presented in very crisp and clear manner. Programming assignments have been heavily commented so that learners can focus on logic and functioning of the code rather than implementation and debugging.
The course materials scope, the instruction and homework are so excellent that you feel there is nearly no any obstacle for you to understand when you are leaning and practice when you just learn through homework
Great continuation to the first course. Builds nicely on the necessity for hyper-parameter tuning and optimization. This course will take me a long way into reading, and understanding modern deep learning papers.
Wonderful course. I am grateful for the detailed Tensorflow assignment at the end, since using such out-of-box libraries makes sense. But also the concepts underneath has been made very, very clear in the course.
It's the easiest course for various deep learning techniques I have seen so far while touch base on critical concepts. Programming assignments are not hard to follow even for someone with no technical background.
The topics covered in this course make the difference once we train our model. Thank you Andrew for this amazing course and your outstanding explanations!! I love the Hero interviews and the jupyter assignments!!
An excellent course indeed. I will be proceeding to the next one in the specialization. As usual, a lot of math, but explained thoroughly and excellently with aplomb. The TensorFlow framework sure is convenient.
Excellent course, the complex notions are made easy. The programming assignments allows to apply the content of the lessons in an easy and very instructional way.  Looking forward to complete the specialization.
Highly recommend the course. Andrew go deep on the detail and nuances of deep learning giving the math and the practical application laying a good foundation on the understanding and application of deep learning
- Very good explanation. I have learned a lot about hyperparameter tunning, batch norm. Beside that, this course also introduces about tensorflow framework, which make easier for me to create and fine-tune model
Great course that starts to delve deeper into neural networks. Also, there is a good introduction to using Tensorflow for neural networks that was quite useful.Great presentations and good programming exercises.
I just love this series of courses. The best courses I have ever taken online, and I have taken online learning on most major platforms. Huge shout out to Andrew Ng for producing such excellent set of materials.
This course really helped me to make my concepts crystal and clear. Previously, I read books and slides on this topic; now by doing this course it helped me grasp the topic well. Thanks a lot, Andrew Ng and Co.
This course is for you if you have the data and was looking for experimenting with the data using the neural networks. This course takes the nn to the next level, where several hyper-parameters were introduced.
Clearly critical if you're programming a Neural network. But also critical when using a software framework to build NN - since these have many parameters. This course explain what they are and how to tune them.
This is an amazing course! It will take more than 3 weeks if we are not familiar with the concepts already. But we really get to learn all the industry standard techniques in great detail. Throughly enjoyed it!
Again, some of the best material I've found online. I've never seen several things explained as clear as in this course. Including Momentum, RMSProp, Adam, hyperparameter search, hyperparameter distributions...
This courses enables me to speed up my Gradient Descent algorithm by several ways. Additionally, I have opportunity to approach programming framework Tensorflow, which is really concile for me in DeepLearning.
This course really helped me to get into mathematical intuition used in deep learning and motivates to learn computer application by understanding mathematics behind that instead of programming using framework
Great follow-up course by the instructor after the Neural Networks Course. Got an in-depth understanding of hyperparameter, regularization, and optimization. Kudos to the team for designing such a good course.
It i very good course! I would suggest to have multiple smaller programming assignments during the lectures specially when the material is explaining the math on regularization, optimization and normalization.
I found this course, as someone with a bit of experience in math and machine learning, more useful for me than the first course. But in all the cases I find the specialization super useful, and very well done.
Again really simplified way of teaching complex stuff.  Some additions for future coursework:1.) There is some project at the end of course2.) Also, if you could share arxiv links to relevant research going on
Who am I to review Andrew Ng's course? He's a good mentor who knows what he's doing and it was fun doing the course with him. No problem with the course whatsoever which cannot be solved with another rewatch.
You get to tune your already built neural network from the previous course. You will definitely be amazed by how the presented tuning strategies can speed-up your network or even produce a better performance.
AMAZING COURSE! Really helped learn a lot about how to understand and think forward about what to do next after seeing the different accuracies! Hope to implement these learnings in my projects soon enough!!
This course will help you understand what is behind an optimizer, and what a machine learning framework is doing under the hood. Also you will learn the first steps into TensorFlow framework. I recommend it!
It was a great learning multilayer neural network and all the necessary detailed information to build one. The course suggests most of the successful ideas to tune the networks to achieve better performance.
The course was awesome. I'm very much thankful to Andrew Ng for providing his valuable knowledge and insights on deep learning. Best educator ever! Looking forward to more course on deep learning and Python.
I thoroughly enjoyed the course. It was short and sweet but totally loaded with a lot of new things. The introduction of tesnorflow and the opportunity to use it to make a neural network was a key take away.
Very helpful and enlightening.  I liked the fact that intricacies of hyper-parameter tuning and  BN were covered before introducing Tensorflow.I felt a few more exercises in Tensorflow would have been useful
Builds on the first course brilliantly. As anyone working in analytics will double it, tuning parameters does the actual trick. The course gives clear explanation of what works & why that works while tuning.
It is the best course in introduction to tensorflow and batch normalization hands down.Although the minimal mathematical approach is followed still the course hits the conceptual homerun.Absolutely brilliant
Excellent course by Andrew again. That mathematical interpretations were really presented well.But I would suggest to put an additional optional assignment and video for Tensorflow 2.0 along with keras api.
The classes are easy to understand, practical assignments make me apply the theory which I learned from the class. Combination of practical issue and theory trained me a deep understanding of Deep Learning.
This is a great course. Andrew explains the concepts so organized with well-thought examples. The course is clear, teaches the fundamentals and allows the student to think independently for future projects.
Thanks Andrew Ng for this excellent course. I learnt a lot from this course about parameter tuning and regularization. These technics are very practical and helpful to machine learning project construction.
A great introduction into Deep Learning with TensorFlow!The cours would be even better, however, if the typos and faults reported in the discussion forum would be corrected in the course material as well :)
Thank you very much for making this class possible. I have learned a lot and if needed I went to forums where many people where willing to help and I founded my solution to a problem in no time! Great work!
Very good course. Was able to grasp the concepts very well and now I have a strong understanding of this part of deep learning in optimizing the hyper parameters to create a effective neural network model.
Thanks Andrew and your team for teaching DNN to me.  Then I will keep moving forward in AI industry based on your guiding afterward and aggressively build up personal AI research ability after courses.Gary
step by step teaching the core concepts of parameters tuning. Pretty good! One suggestion might be putting the parameter tuning exercise into coding exercise -- e.g. how a tuning may be like in code level
Good starter-level course, but in my opinion, the third assignment is not so well-designed. It does not even contain the content of the third-week course, for example, BatchNorm and hyperparameter tuning.
I don't have much to say about this course except for hats off to team coursera on the yet another amazing material and delivery. I highly recommend it for any enthusiast beginning their DL study journey.
This is an excellent course on practical aspects of Neural Nets and Machine Learning. As always Prof Andrew Ng is brilliant in elucidating complex concepts and techniques in simple and intuitive language.
Of course, it's a wonderful teaching approach that I would recommend to everyone.  The course provides a much deeper understanding of Deep Neural Networks for how to build model that works at its optimum.
Andrew has an exceptional gift of simplifying the math. I finally understood momentum and Adam. Also, my understanding of batch norm improved. Happy with my progress based on the materials in this course.
It is an axcellent intro on how to tune hyperparameters of a neural network. The level of details seems to have decreased from the previous course of the specialization, but still is an excellent course.
This course had valuable information about hyperparameter tuning, regularization and optimization. Now I have a better understanding of more advanced criteria to improve my neural network implementation.
very practical thing is learned from this course. Often we developed machine learning algorithm but if algorithm has need some polishing to improve the performance where this course will really helpfull.
I figured out what could I do when the model is overfitting. I learn lots of optimization methods, liked mini-batch gradient descent. RMSprop. momentum. Adam, and I started to learn TensorFlow Framework.
In this course, I learned some of the best practices used to increase accuracy and decrease training time of model. I was also introduced to Tensorflow, and now I can create different projects by myself.
This course simplifies how to improve neural networks. It provides systematic approaches to hyperparameter tuning which is very important and helps the time and effort required in developing good models.
Excellent instruction on the most highly utilized optimization algorithms and how to implement them. Also provides great intuition on hyperparameter tuning essential for tackling complex neural networks.
However important the Neural Network model is, its exactly equal importance to create Parameters that make the NN perfect and usable, this teaches the In and Out of the Parameters selection for NN models
Prof. Ng makes you understand all the hard subjects with ease. I'm starting to believe he's actually a neural network specifically trained for teaching people - Never seen a human teach this good before.
You know what, this guy and his team know the best way how to keep you indulge and make you understand every bit of code you write.Great course, just needs some upgradations when it comes to TensorFlow.
This course is excellent that helps us know how to implement one deep learning model, how to optimize it, and how to avoid a few issues in coding. I also learned a lot about Tesnsorflow from it. Thanks!
Really good basic theory explanation, I took Udacity Deep learning NanoDegree too, this one actually gives more detail explanation, Udacity is more like a higher level and more advanced project practice
Great course to learn basis of the DNN, Tensorflow, and especially direction of hyperparameter tuning will be very useful knowledge on my job. It will help us escape from maze of parameter optimization.
This course helps to learn TensorFlow for Deep Learning application. Deep Learning neural networks which are implemented in Neural Networks and Deep Learning Course is implemented here with TensorFlow.
Wow, this course was very thorough and deep into the underpinnings of deep learning. Thank you Coursera, deeplearning.ai, and thank you Andrew Ng.You make learning so much fun and accessible worldwide.
I appreciated the explanation of the different techniques (esp. the optimization ones) covered by the course, as well as the effort put in making the notation as simple as possible. Definitely helpful.
This was a fantastic course.  Andrew Ng explains these concepts so clearly and provides practical examples that enhance the learning.  Thanks again.  I just loved the course as well as its predecessor.
This is awesome course. I never seen any tutorial like this on internet. Your language is simple enough and concept are crystal clear. once again Thanks for giving me opportunity through Financial Aid.
Continues a great specialization track. The coding is made to be not at all difficult but still manages to impart the intuitions, such that the lectures and coding assignments do complement each other.
This course is challenging but Andrew explained it so well and the exercises were structured so carefully that you can definitely learn it well as long as you followed each video and did each homework.
Everything, Everyparameter in neural networks looks familiar to me now. I feel like I can optimize them for better accuracy. Overall I learned some new things and the way of teaching was really nice.
I have done two courses under Andrew ng and I am grateful to Coursera for their highly optimised and easily learning course structure. It has greatly help me gain confidence in this field. Thank you.
This course is a big part of the meat of the Deep Learning specialization.  I found both lectures and exercises gave me valuable practice at grappling with the actual process of training neural nets.
Just as great as the previous course. I feel like I have a much better chance at figuring out what to do to improve the performance of a neural network and TensorFlow makes much more sense to me now.
loved it. the structure of the course, the assignments, tutorials were great!particularly, the tensorflow tutorial was a hit!!Cheers to Andrew who made it look much easier that I thought it would be!
Yet another excellent course by Professor Ng! Really helped me gain a detailed understanding of optimization techniques such as RMSprop and Adam, as well as the inner workings of batch normalization.
Excellent course. Bit tougher than first course. For those who have done Machine Learning course earlier and wondered that first course feels almost similar, second course is the 'real' next course.
I think I have a much better understanding of some of the Neural Nets hyperparameters. I can intelligently speak about the Adam optimizer now. I also got to play with Tensorflow. Really good stuff!
Very useful contents, informative and entertaining.However, the contents in the last assignment needs to be updated. either to Tensorflow 2.0 or to Pytorch. Learning TF 1.0 is not quite useful now.
I am really grateful to the deeplearning.ai community and Coursera for providing such an amazing platform to learn and grow.  undoubtedly, one of the best courses for learning deep neural networks.
Phenomenal 2nd course in the DL specialization. The implementation notebooks really drill into you how the internals of Neural network training work: the forward/backward/update/regularization etc.
There is very much piece of information on hyper parameter tuning that is difficult to self-teach.The introduction to TensorFlow in notebook is wery well done.I will soon continue with next course.
A further step in the various tuning possibilities, and of course the introduction to TensorFlow. Feel confident of applying different tuning techniques and playing around with optimization choices
The material was interesting. TensorFlow was very brief. What you basically do in the homework is to copy paste the code. But I do not think that I would be able to write the code from the scratch
Thank you! Great lecture videos and programming assignments with a lot of help built in. I was able to figure them out. Need more practice to master the materials. Thank you! This is a great start
This is a very important part of the deep learning course, Generally people skip such type of things but here it is deeply explained and a hand on practice assignment makes it totally transparent.
In this course, I learned a lot of important concepts and useful implementation techniques. Even though I do have some implementation experience before taking this course, it's still very helpful.
Excellent pedagogy and a simple but effective breakdown of the DL principles in a way a beginner can understand and later appreciate after delving deeper into the subject. Very highly recommended.
It was a very interesting course hence didn't even take much time to get completed. It gives a comprehensive overview of deep learning frameworks and the skills needed to optimize your algorithm.
The course material is great. Assignment problems are very engaging and allow us to practice all the concepts that we learn within and before that week.  Andrew NG is great at teaching concepts .
Highly recommended after completing of Neural Networks and Deep Learning.
Good explanation about regularization and other optimization technique.
The last assignment of tensorflow is very useful.
Exceptional as always. Online courses as engaging as the ones Andrew Ng teaches are a delightful rarity. This course was a joy to participate in and I feel throughly satisfied with my experience.
I think we as students should have more coding exercise, the coding assignments are too simple if considered as a school-teaching course. We gotta to find some extra Deep Learning projects to do.
A valuable course in enhancing one's ability to properly identify the correct Hyperparameter to tune according to the situation - a critical task in day-to-day debugging & tuning of an algorithm.
Another great course in the deeplearning.ai specialization, all the given topics are clear and understandable, with the amazing addition of finally getting to deep learning frameworks in the end.
great course; love the AI heroes sessions - nice quick insights into current research; and enjoy some of the historical aspects as well ... takes me back to my early AI/image understanding days.
the course is great! I've learned more hyperparameters. The course has teaches me how to add regularization and optimizations. That is another important part of Deep NN. Thanks to the professor!
A Very Well Structured Course. I learned a lot and enjoyed the way in which everything is explained. Each topic is discussed in great detail with both pros and cons of each Deep learning method.
Great course!!!! Helped me with getting better intuitions on how to develop a simple neural network with normalising inputs, regularisation, optimising algorithms, hyperparameter tuning, etc ...
The specialization is getting more and more interesting! This course was really important to learn improving a model. Now I understand what's going under the hood of basic TensorFlow operations!
This is an excellent course in which Professor Andrew Ng explains all the concepts and methods related to various optimization techniques and ways to improve neural networks, in a superb manner.
I found that the concept of Deep learning hyper parameter tuning were nicely taught and assignments were also designed very well. However, I am not able to learn much about tensorflow framework.
Great course. Wish it had slightly more in terms of turning hyper parameters with the Adam optimization. Liked the tensorflow framework at the end; I hope it is expanded upon more in the future.
Through this course, I learnt how to tune hyperparameters and a set of optimization for the train process of neural networks. Further I got the opportunity to play TensorFlow. I really enjoy it.
Well structured course and very good material. Thoroughly enjoyed Prof. Andrew Ng's lectures and leart a lot from them.  I only wish the programming assignments were a bit tougher than they are.
Thank you for your explanation that are very useful and clear! You present so much difficult material but you do it very concentrate. Thank you for practice and excercises that are very helpful!
This course contains great hints for optimisation and tuning. Even if you know about neural networks this course can still be valuable to fill in some gaps and help you improve your algorithms.
Really Amazing course! Highly recommended for all those who wants to go deep in deep learning and understand important methods and logics behind them. Programming assignments are very good too.
One of the best courses in its class, Prof.Andrew Ng has made it absolutely simple, yet, thorough. The assignments are focused and  quickly take one through the crux of what is actually needed.
It is a great course, continuing with the first deep learning course. It is mainly about how to optimize for better results. And the programming assignments are down-to-earth and help me a lot.
Andrew Ng is so good at making things easy to understand and he gives you the most essential things you need to know in order to carry out real world machine learning tasks. Highly recommend :D
A must have course to know the effect of Hyperparameter tuning, and a great programming exercise on Tensorflow for Beginner. I highly recommend this course if you want to build accurate models
Amazing course, well structured. Learned a lot about tuning parameters and different optimisation algorithms. Looking forward to complete specialization.  Thank you Coursera and Andrew Ng Sir.
Concise and comprehensible.  A lot of ground is covered, but I found by taking notes by hand and replaying key parts of lectures, I was able to follow along and understand the course material.
Good course. Teaches you the practical aspects of deep learning. Take everything with a grain of salt. As Dr Ng has pointed out, deep learning knowledge of domain seldom translates to another.
Comprehensive course on deep neural net optimization skills, you will get a pretty complete understanding of how to make your nets work more efficiently and save a lot of time. Don't miss it !
The last part of the tensorflow tutorial (model() function) might need more explanation on the some tensorflow internal stuff: like I have a question, how does TF store the optimal parameters?
fantastic course, although programming assignments not as challenging as Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course, inviting experts like Yoshua Bengio to give insights is also uniquely valuable...
This course is really helpful for improving the structure of the nn model. The most important thing is that now I have some direction to keep learning and getting my algorithm better. Thanks~
Loved everything, great course, i would have liked a bit more detail on tensor flow, but i know Prof. Ng has taken out a tensor flow course now, i plan on taking that too. Thank you Everyone!
Great course for early machine learners to gather intuition and knowledge about how the code in deep learning frameworks actually do at the lower-level, but some typos still need to be solved
Interesting content, feel like building the deep learning/neural network bigger and more complex. Very good course series. Definitely recommend to my friends who are interested in this field.
Perfect Course! Perfect Intuition! Perfect Practical Learning! MUST TAKE!!!!P.S: become more familiar with numpy before taking this course. Otherwise, you may not understand some of the code.
This course is quite helpful for me. It covers the fundamentals of neural network and tensorflow. It teaches knowledge of neural network in a systematic way and I have learned a lot from it.
The course was very good to make understand the hyperparameters in the neural network and how to optimize them to produce good accuracy over the model. I have learned a lot from this course.
This course is  a very well structured course of Machine learning ,  where all the concepts are taught right from the most fundamental principles and that makes them easy to comprehend with.
Good summary for very basic but most important ideas/concepts of DNN. I will keep looking at it until I fully understand it.DNN에 대한 기초적이면서도 가장 중요한 정보들을 잘 정리해 주셨습니다. 앞으로도 계속 다시 찾아와서 볼 내용들이네요.
Course is very good but better notes should be provided as it is a paid course. Also, it would be better if assignments are little challenging and hints shouldn't be provided at every step.
Again this is another great course continuing the first course. The only thing to say is that TenorFlow assignment needs to be update to version 2 in order to benefit the simplified syntax.
This course was very helpful in that it delved into more of the practical aspects of building deep neural networks. It builds on the first course very well, and I would highly recommend it.
This course helps to become pro/expert in DL/ML within a short period of time. Andrew shares his decade long experiences and best practices in this course. I strongly recommend this course.
Great hands on experience of tuning and tensorflow tutorial. Unlike the old ML course and the one taught by Hinton, this course prepare you for the newest framework instead of Octave staff.
I have understood the basic math of neural networks, also how we can tune the parameters to optimize the neural network, so that it perform better.A Very Very big thanks to deeplearning.ai
Amazing course.  A must course for everyone who wants to save a bunch of time by making their training model efficient. Andrew Ng is an amazing instructor and makes every lesson look easy.
January in this year, I did not know this course. At that time I want understand TensorFlow but I didn't know where should I begin.  After finish this course, I suggest anyone, this is it!
Words cannot explain how important this course has been for me. Andrew NG proves. Everything that has intuitiion, is really easy to learn. Very few person in machine learning who kills it.
perfect course for deep learning fresher, this course mainly introduce fundamental knowlege to us, and cover wide aspects,such as optimization algorithm, hyper parameters tuning and so on.
Ammaaaaziing course...!!!  simply amazing. I believe Andrew is the best instructor. I now understand the underlying computations that are used by deep learning frameworks like Tensorflow.
This course is giving the Path/Strategy that how to deal with Deep Neural Networks and make Neural Networks work more accurately by tuning the Hyperparameters and Optimization Algorithms.
I got a very good understanding about how to what are the parameters I can tune, regularization methods, and different gradient descent alternatives which can be used through this course.
Thanks to Coursera team for organize this course with one of the best platform for new learner from top class instructor and researcher of top rink universities. Also thanks for free aid.
Teaches some of the most important concepts in deep learning in my opinion, and you also learn to use tensor-flow which is one of the most versatile python libraries in todays coding era.
Very good. Very nice and easy to understand the brief explanation and hands on with Tensorflow. Now it all makes sense. The mathematical background given in course 1 is indeed essential.
Really well structured course that builds on the techniques learned in the previous class and teaches lots of new information quickly and effectively.  I feel like I'm learning so much!!
A solid introduction to hyperparameter tuning and setting up the optimization problem was given by the instructor. I was expecting a more brief introduction to the Tensorflow framework.
This is a really good course after the intro course!! Even if you do not have phyton or AI experience like me, this course helps you through it and gets you to understand the principles
The most exceptional course I have ever seen. Really I never thought that deep Learning will become so simplified with this.Hats off to the mentors and a special thanks to Andrew Ng sir
i really liked this course,most concepts are nicely explained.I just think that the part abourt the tensorflow framework should be more developped.Thank you for this excellent material.
It is a good course. I have learnt a lot from all of the sessions and now I am getting more and more confident in building neural network by myself. BTW, I am ready to take next course.
Dr Ng explained the fundamental things so clearly.  In order to be a good developer on machine learning, you need to understand what is going on underneath the framework you are using.
Initially I thought this course to be a simpler course but eventually it turn out be a very conceptual and applied course. So this leads to a lot of learning. In fact Extreme learning!
This course is very useful for the computation of hyperparameters and Neural networks. This is helpful for the intermediate practitioner. I suggest for the go through this course once.
The teacher's explanations are in place and easy to understand. Arranged assignments are also very helpful in mastering the content of the classroom. In short, it's a very good course.
Recommended course for understanding the importance of hyperparameters in Neural Networks and understanding the structure of the optimizers used for training (gradient descent to ADAM)
Wonderfully designed course, I understood RMS Prop and Adam so well that I felt why other articles are so complex. Your explanation on exponentially weighted average is simply awesome.
Great at building foundations in deep learning, I have already worked with Tensorflow some, but now feel I have a better understanding of what the commands are doing behind the scenes.
Great course. I learned a lot, and the exercises although seems a little simple at times, really improves confidence in trying to implement and teaches some good conventions to follow.
For the everyday practitioner of deep learning this course is definitely a must. Professor Ng explains the most important empirical techniques in the day to day use of Neural Networks.
Just like the first course of this series, it is really a very good course. Everything was explained clearly. Not doubt. the highlight of this course is teaching style of Professor Ng.
It's great to know how machine learning algorithms work, but I'm glad I can now also use them with TensorFlow. The practical assignments were very interesting, especially the last one.
Great course that covers the optimization algorithms and advanced hyperparameter tuning concepts in greater depth. The last week also introduces the deep learning frameworks in details
It was amazing course that showed the importance of optimizing the parameters which improve the performance of the algorithm to a great deal. A great course and an amazing instructor.
Really good teaching and quizzes and programming exercises were of a decent difficulty level. Taught me a lot of things related to deep learning which are applied in various projects.
The insights provided by Prof. Andrew are priceless. I sincerely hope that I get to go in such depths, as taught by him while implementing these algorithms in real-world applications.
The last exercise for TensorFlow was the most fun of all the exercises! Explanations were good, and I still had the opportunity to google documentation to finish some of the functions
I felt like this course gave me a very solid foundation in improving my deep learning models. It tries to touch on the major topics to give you a starting point for your own research.
I love this course. It has many in-depth tips and advices based on many real life experiences. Many suggestions can be applied directly into solving difficult Deep Learning practices.
This is much needed course with great content on improving neural networks which is rarely available in any other online course. Suggestions from andrew Ng's experience is invaluable.
the course is great, truly continuation of the first course. starting with hyperparameters tuning then how to speed up the process, finally use DL framework to efficiently build model
Absolutely necessary! Although they were stronger on Regularization and Optimization than on Hyperparameter tuning, one cannot go about using ML/DL without those concepts amalgamated.
A clear explanation of a difficult subject with an emphasis on being able to create and to understand your own neural networks.- Plus in this module how to make them work efficiently.
Excellent course after the preliminary one. You get used to the style of programming that is intended to be the best for someone who's starting out. Can't wait to go to the next one!
great course. Love the instructor. Andrew Explained stuff so better than other literature available on internet. learned a lot about optimization. thanks for such a wonderful course.
Improving my Knowledge using this course. I am happy to be able to learn these course materials by Honorable Andrew Ng.Thank you for such a good effort for passing on your knowledge.
Fantastic course. I love how much high-level intuition Andrew aims to convey, without leaving out any of the low-level details that I consider completely crucial to my understanding.
This course is one of the most important for actually doing deep learning. I also liked the hands-on exercises that (again) improved my knowledge of things like numpy and tensorflow.
This continues to be a very well done series of courses. The sections are cohesive and grouped in a way that makes it easy to learn the concepts needed before progressing. Thank you!
A great value addition to the first deep learning course in the module. I liked going into the details of hyperparameters and good way to get started with tensorflows. Just loved it!
Hyperparameter tuning and selection of the best learning algorithm are topics which are frequently less understood. This course teaches a systematic approach to thinking about these.
This course gives me a deep understanding of how to tune hyper parameter, how to implement regularization and optimization. It really  makes me move a big step forward in the AI way.
The course is fruitful, it contains a lot of valuable contents. I feel like it's useful for ML in general not just NN. It's totally recommended for anyone interested in applying NN.
Great in-depth lectures, with lots of example. I am able to understand the core concepts and with tensorflow will be able to implement them as well.Thanks a lot to to the instructor
Give good understanding about optimization of Neural Networks. Covers almost all the techniques required for beginners.Better If you can update the course to include new algorithms.
It was extremely helpful for me to prepare a strong base towards neural networks. Thank you for much needed intro on Tensorflow. I feel more confident on working with ML frameworks.
Yet an amazing course by deeplearning.ai. The course transfers practical aspects of machine learning of optimizing neural nets to using the industry relevant framework - TensorFlow.
This course is a must-do for deep learning practitioners as it teaches about the most important parts of deep learning which are essential to understand to build an efficient model.
Very helpful for if you like to apply NNs. Gives a good overview about what is really effective for learning. A well balanced insight into essential and effective tuning algorithms.
Great course but it's not well covered the use of dev set data in the code exercises. Cross Validation is not teach how to code so there is a gap between theory and coding practice.
The course is a master piece of details on how to build a highly optimized neural network. Great Course. Highly Recommended to anyone who wants to get in the field of Deep Learning.
The course was really informative. I learnt a lot about deep neural networks and hyper parameter tuning. It gave good brief introduction to tensor flow framework for deep learning.
Very good and well structured course with practice exercises. Learned in detail how various things work behind the lines of code. Very useful and conceptual. I highly recommend it.
Very instructive. Although I've being using deep learning and tensorflow for a long time and doing research in this field, I still learn something. Andrew Ng himeself is the brand.
I had prior knowledge of the Keras and neural nets but never knew how these adam and other optimizer operates in depth. I learnt all these after this course. All thanks to Andrew.
This is an extremely important course, as it deals with lots best practices and nuts and bolts of Deep Learning that is the result of years of expertise and hard to find elsewhere
Andrew is not only a well known practitioner in the ML field, he is also an excellent teacher. His class has been designed to let people learn the subject in a very efficient way!
Superb Course, material, programming assignment and quiz :) .Definitely take this course after learning about machine learning and deep learning, this is really going to help alot
Great course. The first one is an incredible introduction to Neural Networks, and in this course you really learn the whole thing, icluding all details. Completely recommended :)
A great follow-on to course #1 -- the concepts are introduced in a very consumable manner.   Good mix of programming assignments and finishes up with a quick intro to Tensorflow.
Excellent - Very good lectures, Quizzes are setup very well to check the understanding of key items and The programming exercises are so good in particular with Python notebooks.
Wonderful course, this helped me to understand the neural net tuning better. Even though I had studied neural nets before, I learned a many things and perspective in this course
Good brief course but requires extra efforts from the user to fully understand the course by reading its material and memorizing the concepts not just to finish the assignments.
excellent course in terms of small things that matters a lot on the performance. hyperparameters & their tuning, regularization etc. Thank You Coursera for this amazing coursera
A helpful tutorial if you want to understand deeply how to tune your hyperparameters. It is also good for beginners and as well as those who are refreshing their passed lessons.
very thoughtful introduction to various learning optimizer. easy introduction into tensorflow.it would be better if there is more content on the local optima/saddle point issue.
Really a Great course for the deep learning thanks coursera for prioviding me financial aid for the course and i am able to complete the course with in the time . Thanks a Lot .
Another amazingly useful class. One can't help but feel that anyone working in deep learning would greatly benefit from this course (and all the others in this specialization!).
A lot of useful informations about how to tune your net and what to know when implementing it! Very useful for those who want to know what's inside the "black box" of a Deep NN.
Very good course on  addressing a number of NN  hyperparamater issues that I came accross when I tried to build my first ML project after the first Andrew NG course at Stanford.
This course teaches you about the Hyper parameter tuning, Regularization and Optimization. This is one of the best Course which teaches core of Neural network and deep learning.
Great course. Andrew is a great teacher. He never goes too fast, and his simpler is better method works great. Learning something difficult like machine learning was a pleasure.
The discussion forum was helpful!. And hope that more exercises on tensorflow will be followed in upcoming courses. Because the introduction in the assignment was rather short.
Good, mainly theoretical introduction to hyperparameter optimization and neural network optimization in general. Includes a guided implementation of a classifier in TensorFlow.
This course is very much helpful to have a detailed knowledge about tuning process of hyper parameters and as usual Andrew sir is best! He explains everything with so much ease
This is everything I am looking for.  Step by step basic AI.  I have already taken a couple other AI specializations but I wanted to step back and really understand the basics.
Awesome course which gently introduces the Tensorflow module with good intuition which goes with it. A good stepping stone towards deep neural networks and their implementation
Andrew has taught this course to perfection, it gave me all basics to tune parameters and also th how regularization is used, how normalization helps etc.Very awesome course...
This course is so good that I need to check multiple times that I get the content. Really practical when people want to try to use machine learning to solve real-world problem.
Great course, you are methodically guided through the main techniques and algorithms to make your model better. Plus, you get hands-on experience with the Tensorflow framework.
I think Andrew has nailed engagement and clearly keeping the difficulty of the course in the "zone of proximal development" for the students. Great course, and highly engaging.
Great, specifically I want to mention about the math behind the optimization algorithms. The concept is now crystal clear. Thank you so much Coursera and deeplearning.ai team.
Best place to study and increase our skills during this pandemic period. As a lot of field is using Deep Learning now, I loved this course. Thanks Coursera and DeepLearning.ai
This course gave me very good intuitions about maintaining Hyperparameters in NN. Optimizations like ADAM were well explained. Also, it meets us with the Tensorflow framework.
The course added to my knowledge on hyperparameter tuning, especially which hyperparameter to spend more effort on when. A must do for all aspiring machine learning engineers.
Thanks the Coursera team provides this so outstanding curriculum! I benefit a lot and learned some  brand-new and elegant optimization algorithm through the course. Thank you!
The assignments really helped me learn how to practically create models and train them better using all the techniques that can help train a model faster and more efficiently.
Andrew Ng does a great job explaining bias/variance in the era of Deep learning, Regularization, Optimization algorithms and other things that can speed up learning algorithm.
This lecture provides experiments which helps me to understand how really deep learning work. I would recommend this course to every beginner who wants to learn deep learning.
Andrew sIr teaches very well I would love to complete more courses offered by him.I would suggest him to open a course on NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING and if he could take them
Course is awesome specially the programming assignments. I have one complain in the video subtitles should be shown in separate box as cant see end of slide due to subtitles.
The course was really helpful and the instructor made it as easy as possible to understand. The programming assignments and discussion forums made the concept crystal clear..
There could have been more videos/explanation on tensorflow functions (rather than I guess expecting us to search it online) but other than that, everything was really clear!
Very useful to get knowledge on NNs and its behavior. Thank you very much Professor Andrew NG. Hope you will commit to the ML community as much as you can. Thank you so much!
For a busy mom of 2, 42 year old, senior executive., this course is best optimize for the pockets of time I get. Concepts are explained very clearly, and course is well paced
It couldn't be better, thank you very much and greetings from Ensenada B.C. Mexico.Very happy and hopeful that artificial intelligence can positively affect my country.A hug.
Really love your interviews with the prominent figures in the AI sphere - very inspiring and insightful.  Particularly like the advice given by Yoshua Bengio.  Keep it up!!!!
The excellent insight presented in this course gave me a way to analyze what am I missing instead of guiding me on intuition,  allowing me to save a bunch of time and effort.
The things that are taught under this course are rare to find in one place. I feel this material is very helpful to build a strong base of deep learning. Thank you Andrew Ng.
Intuitions behind different concepts and techniques were exceptionally well-explained. The quizzes were well-designed whilst the assignment were extremely hands-on as always.
By learning this course, I have known many tricks and intuition to make my neural networks work better. Thanks for the nice course, and I will keep learning the rest courses.
Overall the course is great. One suggestion however is to provide fewer instructions for programming assignments. The answers are almost obvious just reading the description.
Very Well structured course. Thank you Prof. Andrew Ng for sharing knowledge, and providing valuable tips on the subject matter. I am looking forward for the complete series.
This course is amazing and I  used to learn a lot of things from coursera. In this course, I learned the importance of hyperparameters and regularization in neural networks.
I like the drawing of the instructor in the saddle point video.TensorFlow introduction needs a bit more depth/explanation. There a major typos in codes.I enjoyed the course.
Well done.  Meaningful extension of the first class with nice segue into Tensorflow.  Hope we can see a bit of Caffe and PaddlePaddle as well later on in the Specialization.
This course give make you understand the concepts and intuitions of Hyperparameters. Very detailed. I recommend it to you, if you are a deep learning researcher or learner.
This course acts as a very good extension and wrapper to the first course and gives very crucial insights, without doing this course, only doing the first course is useless
Great insight into deeper concepts of deep learning. Lectures on different optimizers very helpful in understanding the basic concepts. Introduction of Tensorflow is great.
Verty good quality content, helps in understanding topics from basic which is not provided in every course, but needs more programming assignment to help us learn even more
I really like to have finally a clear structure on how to tune the hyperparameters. I had to use a bit tensorflow before but it was a bit obscure, now it is finally clearer
The programming exercises are great and the videos are just the right length. I appreciate Dr Ng deriving everything by hand on the slides, it helps with gaining intuition.
This course is a depository of tools that helps your NN be more perfect.Batch normalization is pretty sophisticated topic. But programming assignment helps to get the gist.
This is very well designed course to understand the hyper parameter tuning in a systematic manner other to convege the model faster. Thank you Andrew and Deeplearning team.
I would recommend these series of courses in Deep Learning to any PhD student who's domain lies somewhere else. It is a great tool to apply to your specific research topic.
Another amazing course of Professor Andrew. I have deeply understood many useful techniques to tune up DL models, which I used to adjust in a non-systematic way previously.
Really great course! The way Andrew Ng teaches is so simple and yet elegant. I've learned a lot from this curse, specially some techniques to improve deep neural networks.
It is a wonderful course. Prof. Andrew talks all you need to understand and also implement deep learning applications. Prof. Andrew is awesome. I like this specialization.
It is a very comprehensive course on neural networks, even though the assignments are somewhat too guided for my flavor. The assignments should demand more of the student.
Excellent review of hyperparameter tuning and concerned theoretical background. Although introduction to tensorflow was rather brief, the experimental setup was very good.
This is an excellent course. As usual, Andrew Ng gives clear and concise explanations. The programming exercises help to explain and better understand the course material.
As good as the first one with more insights in hyperparameters tuning and faster convergence techniques. The whole course finishes with a small introduction to TensorFlow.
A great course which gives valuable insights about all kinds of hyperparameters, and how to treat them. Also very nice programming examples with both numpy and tensorplow.
After this course, I've realized that I understand much better the terminology on papers, online demos, labs, etc. But most important, that I know how the black box works.
Great course covering a range of complex topics. The assignments are very good and well as the theory behind all the steps. Professor Ng is an awesome teacher! Thank you!
This course teaches the mechanics of deep neural networks and how to optimize the neural net. Prof goes at a reasonable pace so that the student understands the concepts.
It provides us methods of optimization and acceleration. At last, there are NN programming framework listed. The examples shown are very intuitive, which I like very much
very clear and general, I think that he covered all the aspects of regularization and hyper parameters tuning. The last videos and assignment about tensorflow was amazing
It was a great course which helped me to strengthen my understanding of Neural Network even more. I would like to thank Andrew N.G. and the whole team behind this course.
In this course I learned or reviewed the following items in enough depth to perform in a job with them:InitializationRegularizationBatch NormalizationOptimizersTensorFlow
No doubt, this is one of the best courses on Coursera. It has got a proper amalgamation of theory and programming assignments. Special thanks to Andrew Sir and Coursera.
Great course! It would be better if there is a summary of the workflow when one tries to solve a problem using deep neural networks with all of the techniques mentioned.
another great course by Andrew Ng, teaching us all about hyper-parameter optimization and DL frameworks. However the i did find TensorFlow 1 syntax really not inituative
this is a great course teaching practical aspects about deep learning, you can learn how to implement  the regularization and  optimization, also learn to use tensorflow
Wonderful course!!! Taught me how to tune hyperparameters and basics of tensorflow framework. Good kickstart to deep learning!! Thanks a lot Coursera and Deeplearning.ai
Excellent course. This help me a lot for my Masters research. Thank you so much Coursera for the financial aid you offered me for this course. It really helped me a lot.
This is indeed a very good course. It helps me understand what the parameters are and how to tune them. Very practical and intuitive. Thank you again all my instructors.
This might not be the best curse . in the world, but it is doubtlessly the best one in my mind. Thank you, Dr. Andrew! Thank you, Coursera! Also, many thanks to Github!
Again, a very structured course with Dr. Andrew Ng being so calm and simple explaining all methods of the course. It was worth my time! Many thanks to the organizers :)
Very nice materials. The self-contained Jupyter Notebook is nice in that it doesn't require local installation. However, it kept crashing. I'd much rather code locally.
Today i have finished the 2nd course. It was amazing a lot of things to learn and still looking for the remain 3 courses of deeplearning.ai. Thanks to the coursera team
The challenging concepts therein the course were well-explained & simplified. Also the Assignments gave a decent chance to brush up the concepts learnt while lectures.
Leaned how to tune the required parameters and hyperparameters in different scenarios which is a big help. Hope to implement the learning and continue to third course.
Andrew Ng is the best for explaining "What 's going on"  on every single lecture,if you didn't understand ,search it ,it will help you to survive :D,Enroll THiS CoUrSe
Extremely nice the course, very useful and easy to master. Only thing is that the model of the final work is really not good enough. I tested five gestures, all wrong.
The course helped me gain a clear perspective on how to make my Deep learning model improve in performance and accuracy. The teaching was clear and precise. Thank you!
Really great introduction to deep learning. Made the use of frameworks such as Tensorflow easy to understand through guided implementation of deep learning using Numpy
It course contains best opportunities to learn how work with your Neural Network and how to adjust parameters. So far, this is my favorite part of this specialization.
Really impressed with this course....Andrew is one of the best teachers I've ever had and his Deep Learning course is one of the best courses I've taken from Coursera!
This course is helpful because they taught the fundamentals and the intuition that goes behind tuning methodologies instead of going straight to the technical portion.
Great course! The only little thing was that submission grades of one assignment were broken and few things could be polished in this course. But overall it was great.
Really nice to go into the basics of some of the most used optimizers and regularizers currently being used.  Also nice to have an intro into the basics of TensorFlow.
Excellent course with great learning materials and tests. The sample code provided in the programming assignments is a great starting point to amazing implementations!
Very well taught by making simple explanations for various complex algorithms. Hope Tensorflow was taught more deeply as only the surface of it has been taught here .
Very recommended, even though the exercises can be passed without really understanding, they are very well explained and if you want to, you can learn lots from them.
The course content is of adequate depth and sets a good base for us to start applying DL in our projects. A project component can also be added to make it even better
This is the most important course to know in details about hyperparameters, epochs, regularization and opitmization. This course taught me in deep about improving DNN
Continues right where the first module stopped. Really like the sessions approach and the exercises and quizzes are well documented to serve as future 'cheat sheets'.
Nicely designed course with perfect explanations and guidance for learning and applying Deep Learning and to develop Deep Neural Network based applications very fast.
THe course is not a course where you will just go along with the hints... You need to do lots of logical thinking and also a bit of googling to understand what to do.
It is very clear that videos and homework in the course are carefully crafted and carefully handled , and again thank Coursesa for providing such a good course for us
Really useful content, describes multiple techniques to significantly improve NN training & implementation. Certainly useful for making efficient & effective networks
I love the way Andrew teaches. I am very grateful to learn so many things in deep learning from this course on optimization and my first small project on tensorflow.
This is really a very good course to do after learning the theories about neural, I would have loved it even more had the tensorflow material had been slightly more.
Learned very important aspect of tuning hyper-parameters in neural networks. It helps in better understanding how neural networks works and how we can optimize them.
The Author(s) have made that the hard concepts are simplified to understand to maximum extent. I thank and appreciate the way Andrew NG has articulated the concepts.
The professor helps me to learn many new, fantastic Deep Learning algorithms and concepts like Exponential Weighted Sum, Momentum Gradient Descent and Adam. Amazing!
This course was great to build up deep learning intuition and turbocharge existing experience. Learn what to do when things don't go to plan as well as when they do.
This is another of Ng's brilliant courses on the subject of neuronal networks. It is probably the best of such courses of such kind. I have learned a lot. Thank you!
Course taught by Professor Ng is always cool! I really learned lots of things on Deep Learning, especially on hyperparameter tuning, Regularization and Optimization.
Once again prof. Ng delivers on a course with the perfect content and the perfect pace. His well thought out approach to the material makes going thru this a breeze.
great course. very helpful both the lectures and programming exercises. Reading Depp Learning textbook along by Goodfellow et all helps to broaden the understanding.
If you have taken a few Machine Learning and Deep Learning courses online, you would know why Andrew's courses are the most friendly, engaging, and beautifully made.
It is very helpful to learn about hyperparameters also last week you will get familiar with TensorFlow. I highly recommend this deep learning specialization course.
Great Course with Top Instructors. Even if you are the beginner and not calculus expert, the detail and clear explanation from Prof. Andrew Ng. surely will suffice.
I learned several optimization strategies as well as some regularization technics. It was also great to have got introduced in the using of ML specialized software.
This has been a great Course . After completing the course i am able to optimize a neural network by choosing the proper optimization and regularization parameters.
as with all Andrew's lessons, this was quite a nice learning experience. I am very slow in learning, and Andrew's explanations are absolutely a pleasure to revisit.
After taking course #1, This course really made it all concrete. The lectures were "spot on" and although challenging, it was a lot of fun working through the labs.
Amazing insights on how to improve and Tune deep neural network models and on using Tensorflow framework to implement quickly and speed the tunning experimentation.
Great course. The into notebook to tensorflow is little less intuitive, but in total I enjoyed also the second part of this series! Thanks a lot for all the effort!
Very useful module. The week 3 assignment should incorporate some batch norm exercises though, as the deep learning framework material is easy to pick up elsewhere.
Well structured and easy to follow. Provides a thorough understanding of the different optimizations we use in training NNets. Also good introduction to tensorflow.
A very good course to know more about Optimization techniques and Hyper parameter tuning. It also introduces you to TensorFlow Framework which makes your life easy.
This specialization is for the beginners and the assignments are so helpful and will not have any problem in solving them because of the great structured approach!
Conceretized my knowledge of Tuning and Regularization with low level tensorflow to understand the computational graph that represents the bolts and nuts of keras.
It is a great course. The concepts for hyperparameter optimization are explained in best and intuitive way. Also math is really made easy for better understanding.
Excellent.  Tensorflow is a little tricky and there was a typo in the comments that caused some problems getting the answers to match but overall very good course.
A quick but useful overview on how to tune a deep learning model to combat various problems, mostly variance. A bonus is a short tutorial at the end on TensorFlow.
Great course. Homework is a bit too easy, though. Wish we have some more classes covering topics like how to handle huge data sets (like using GPU computing, etc.)
A solid course on parameter tuning while developing machine learning models. Helped me lot in improving my understanding of the inner workings of hyperparameters.
I think tuning of hyper parameters is the very important thing in the model building process. This course will let you know about all the hyper parameters tuning.
Great course. Well structured. Necessary insights provided alog with an introduction to the available deep learning frameworks. Professor Andrew is truly awesome.
I've done courses with similar content but no other teacher could explain it like Andre Ng. It is really a course you must do if you've completed the intro course
Great course; nobody provides intuition like Professor Ng, and the homework is easy but also provide a good practice set of references we can always come back to.
really impressive course. I built my first Neural Network with tensorflow. This feeling is amazing. I really learn a lot from this course! Thank you professor Ng!
Perfect illustration as stated in the Title. You also get to learn and play with Tensorflow, which is one of the best programming frameworks to shorten the codes.
Very helpful course! enjoyed the programming assignments! While I enjoyed the introduction to tensor flow in the end, I wish we had explored the topic a bit more!
Really a wonderful course! It's useful to what I am doing now and really important to my future. Coding with python and tensorflow is really important and needed.
Wonderful course. Great teaching by Andrew as always! Can be recommended to anyone interested in learning optimization techniques and hyperparameter tuning in ML.
There are a lot of things you don't realize you need to be doing when you first get started, and this course helps you to understand when and how to tweak things.
The course is perfect for those who love learning the intuitions and inner working of Neural Network, a bit difficult for non - mathematical background learners.
I like how the course guide through the math as easy as possible and focused on having the intuition that really helps during practical machine learning projects
Always in favour of Dr. Andrew Ng's course. But, it would be good to improve the difficulty of programming exercise though it is quite fun and really informative
Got to learn lot of things from this course. Like hyper-parameter tuning, softmax, batch normalization, tensorflow etc. The quiz and assignment was very helpful.
This course is really helpful in improving neural networks and getting a better understanding of deep neural networks and tensorflow  assignment is very helpful.
Really enjoy Andrew Ng's teaching style. I like that he takes the time explain the principles and reasons behind the various methods and optimisation strategies.
I strongly recommed the one who has learnt this course learn this course. I cannot image I mastered a lot of knowlege in a just few days. Thanks a lot, Andrew Ng
The Course covered for steps/procedures for improving the performance by parameter tuning of the neural network models.The Intuition forTensor flow is very good.
This course has helped me understand the core concepts of Neural Networks. However, the assignments are very much easy and hints pretty much give away the codes.
Great structured course which helped me a lot with understanding of the main aspects of how Neural Networks do what they do, and how to make them predict better.
Very good explanations of parameter tuning etc. and especially a good and interesting introduction to TensorFlow. Liked the way the tutorial is set up very much.
Very detail explanation that provides very clear intuition of the concept. The assignment is very good in putting the theory into the practical user experience.
A very well explained course with details of tuning Neural Networks for improved performance. Andrew Ng makes it pretty easy to understand. Thank you very much!
What an amazing course!! We are using Machine Learning and Deep Learning at my job.  I feel so far ahead of my peers because of this course.  Thank you Andrew!!
very good course now i know how to tune your model and make it more effcient i'm glad such courses exist cant wait to complete next course of the specialization
Pretty decent intro, could have had more on programming in Tensorflow, so that TensorFlow functions for every concept become a part of my habit as a programmer.
Prof. Ng is a great instructor. The course is very well structured and broken down into easily digestible materials. Very useful for a ML/Deep Learning Student.
Very well delivered. A few mistakes in the notes and programming exercises, but identifying those just makes you think through the problems more. Learned a lot.
Covers the basic of tuning very well. Exercises to provide solutions to real problems are needed. This will help in independently creating better understanding.
At first I thought some talks are too fundamental, but it turns out those small details and even code convention help to accelerate my thoughts during research.
It was great experience for me. some things are difficult to understand. But i try my best. anyway i like to present value to andrew to his amazing explanation
Meaningful practical exercises before using any framework helps in firming the basics on understanding right! A must have course from Andrew for deep learners.
My biggest problem was the Programming Assignment, I had many problems finishing, but without count it, the course was very good and I feel that learn so much.
This was a very good course it seems that is designed to take care of the audience with math background as well as non-math background. Really a great course!!
Thanks for this excellent course. It helped me reinforce the understanding of Deep Neural Networks and pay attention to hyperparameter tuning and optimization.
Enjoyed the course. Actually, I learned a lot on regularization and optimization and how it is applied. Of course, the introduction to Tensorflow is priceless.
Excellent course. There are a few errors in the final assignment, which have been called out in the chat box but not resolved yet. I think this should be done.
Great course. To the point and lucid explanations. Would have liked a bit more elaboration on Tensorflow even though we can search the documentation ourselves.
amazing description and clarification for each hyper parameter. the assignments are very helpful and give a good experiance and handy work in a real examples.
Uno de los mejores cursos sobre Ajustes de Hiperparámetros. Recomendado. ¡Lo disfruté!One of the best courses on Hyperparameter Tuning. Recommended. Enjoy it!
What I love about Mr. Ngs's way of instructing is that he makes you understand topics quite complex such as Deep Learning so easy to understand and implement.
Thanks! By learning this course, I have gained a lot of knowledge, about how to find the problem in the model and adjust the parameters of the neural network.
it was a very fruitful course but I think you should add notes at the end of each video to sum up the most important information covered in the videothank you
Very challenging but well structured and important as it lets you understand all the nitty gritty aspects of deep learning and how your application functions.
Started with some basic tensors... so that's good. However I like how Andrew explains the effect of each hyper-parameter on the models output. Happy learning!
Excellent course. This has made getting started with  Movidius make much more sense to me. The videos are excellent and the homework assignments help greatly.
Every course Andrew teaches is an absolute joy. His method of presentation is very straightforward and intuitive. This series follows that paradigm perfectly.
Very soft introduction to tensor flow. The guided assignments are really great to get hands on into the concepts of hyper parameter tuning and regularization
Thank You so much dear respected Sir Andrew Ng and Coursera for providing me the financial aid and such wonderful learning stuff. May ALLAH reward you a lot.
I think the tensor flow part could have gone smoother. I don't feel like I can apply tensor flow from scratch even though I passed the course with top marks.
An incredibly indepth hands on experience of deep learning. You get to REALLY know what's happening behind the scenes.An extraordinary course. Very grateful!
Great follow-up course in the Deep Learning specialization. Teaches you important aspects of machine learning. Thank you to Prof Ng and the rest of the team!
Yet difficult theoretical part, but a very helpful course that helps to understand what is going on in the DeepLearning black box. I definitely recommend it!
I gained great perspective on several optimization methods on neural networks. After first course, I have deepen my knowledge on optimization. Great content!
Excellent course, pretty useful learn about hyper parameter tuning... and the INTUITION ( :D ) can be applied into other ML algorithms :) . Love this course.
The courses are quite good!  I can get all the details and practical implementation  about Deep Learning  with wonderful descriptions! Good team! Good Andrew
One of the amazing courses ever. Amazing explanation of concepts which was easy to grasp. A well structured and well presented course. Absolutely Loved it !
This is a great course to improve your understanding of hyperparameter tuning, regularization and optimization with a bonus on basic TensorFlow programming.
Very insightful course on improving deep learning models.  Just in the course details the level of course should be intermediate rather than beginner level.
It was one of the best lectures in Hyperparameter Tuning for Deep Learning Models. I would really like to thank Coursera for this awesome course, exercises.
Very well organized. The right balance between theory and practice with good hands-on examples you can exercise without boring details of language syntax...
I like the idea of introducing framework like Tensorflow. But Week 1 and Week 3 lectures are too long, maybe separating them into different weeks is better?
More details about deep learning. This gave a more thourrouhly understading of the deep neural network and how to deal with the details i met when using it.
Very important course if you have already taken the deep neural network course. The course make sense of all you learned previously on deep neural networks.
this course contents and the way it was laid out and expressed was so much cleaner and detailed than udacity or any other course I have gone through. Kudos!
Clearly explained quite a lot of techniques for optimization of cost function in deep neural nets, including hyperparameter tuning. Very useful to practice.
As always, Andrew is absolutely amazing at transmitting advanced 
knowledge and making it accessible to most people. Thank you Andrew and 
the whole team !
as empirical technology, deep-learning requires a number of empirical knowledge for running, and this course provides a ship of arms for new practitioners.
Really in-depth knowledge on how to choose which hyperparameters are relevant to your model and how to tune them for optimal performance. Money well spent!
Great continuation of the previous course in the series. Provides plenty of mechanisms to optimize your mode. TensorFlow introduction is also very helpful.
It helps me understand Regularization, Dropout, AdamOptimization algorithm, Batch Normalization, Softmax classifier which have bothered me for a long time.
This course is a really nice hands-on experience on how to tune and tweak the basic methods for increasing performance. I'm really keen on learning more...
Great course, which is part of an amazing Deep Learning specialization. Prof. Andrew Ng is an awesome teacher, who makes this material easy and accessible.
A very interesting course for both material and assignments. It teaches you the details beyond deep learning and the various way to hyperparameter tuning.
Again loved the course structure, Andrew NG - you are a rock star. Take a bow, thanks a lot. I would love to have one more extra week on tensorflow/keras.
A very good course focussing on very very important aspects to make Neural Networks perform  well.All concepts are been discussed in an easy to grasp way.
Learned a lot of interesting stuff to improve the speed and efficiency of the model. Moreover, the introduction to the TensorFlow framework was intuitive.
My interest in the subject is increasing. Just experienced Tensor-flow for the first time. Excited to finish the remaining courses in this specialization.
Great course with lots of important and practical topics that are often ignored grad courses. Thanks a lot, Prof. Andrew Ng and the deepleawrning.ai team.
This was a critical course for understanding deep neural networks and their nuances. I enjoyed it and will revisit it for revision. Great Work Prof Andrew
Nice.There are some magic functions in TensorFlow which I could fully follow during the programming assignment. Will do some self exploration.Thanks a lot
I found the content is very well organised and comprehensive. It truely is a good place to quickly build up the foundation as a Machine Learning Engineer.
great overview on tuning techniques with lots of examples, conveys the intuition behind the different concepts as well as its advantages and disadvantages
Very Good! Especially the Notebook speeds up my understanding of the knowledge, making me to code to improve my skills in deep learning. Thank you Andrew!
I have always preferred simplicity over complexity and this is what Andrew NG does the best! Hope to continue learning and applying it for my Projects. :)
The content of this course is great. Knowing how to tune the hyperparameters, regularize and optimize would help a lot when applying deep neural networks.
I was screaming inside when I watched videos of Heroes of Deep Learning. And, tada.. Yoshua Bengio is in this course. I hope someday I can be like them ;)
Material very well designed for people with a full time job and kids! Thank you Andrew Ng and team for making these technics so easy to learn on Coursera!
Great course! A lot of useful info regarding ADAM , RMSprop and Batch Norm. Very well structured and presented with a lot of graphics and math background.
This was an excellent course. The tensorflow assignment at the end is a great introduction to the framework and the best way I've seen so far to learn it.
I begin to use bias & viarance analysis to solve my problem under the course's advices. It is very useful to get better understanding about system status.
Very good course that teaches you about hyperparameter optimization along with intro to TensorFlow DNN framework. Thank you Andrew Ng Sir for this course.
great course with background insights of how the model is working. This course I feel is must to look for better understanding in DL from higher experts.
I have learned many of thinks this course..lectures and assignment very much useful for understanding concepts about hyperparameter tuning and Tensorflow
This course made me understand on how to gain more precise control over neural networks. As usual awesome  detailed explanation by Andrew NG .  Thank you
Through this lesson, I have mastered the parameter optimization problems related to deep learning, and I have mastered and used the Tensorflow framework.
Very well done. I would however expand on the batch norm topic as I don't  think that I fully understand the concept behind it after watching the videos.
This course covers a lot of material in a very clear and methodical way.  By the end of the course it feels like you are starting to understand the pros.
It was very interesting to know very different kind of optimization algorithms. It would be better if you give proof of derivations in an optional video.
What shapes any machine learning model is taught here! Also, one gets to learn the basics of operations as well as how to use the programming frameworks.
A brilliant insightful course! Many things which I had no clue or was wrong at were beautifully explained by Andrew. Absolutely adore the way he teaches!
Great, as always. If you want a simple but informative course which gives you the most critical knowledges in Deep Learning area, this course is for you!
some topics are explained in more of intution based way, rather than solid prof but I don,t think its needed to implement in most real world situations.
Lot of new concepts and a very critical part of deep learning NN - Hyper parameter tuning and Optimization algorithms were a great learn in this course.
A must do course to learn neural networks. It teaches you a lot about the nitty gritty of neural networks and several methods to improve their accuracy.
Really liked material in this course. Felt that all of this are really practical and useful things on a daily basis working with deep learning subjects!
Excellent course, the theoretical basis is given with amazing explanations by Andrew Ng. To best way to learn more about optimizations in Deep Learning.
Still excellent for a rookie in deep learning. I've learned plenty of basic but valuable knowledge of how to improve deep neural network. Thanks Andrew.
this course will help you identify and tune all of your hyperparameters. It also gives an introduction to tensorflow that will at least get you started.
Again a very good course in the deep learning specialization. This one was a bit more daunting in the amount of math but Andrew Ng helps you through it!
The best deep learning specialization ever with simple and clear explanation. The assignments are directly applied real world machine learning problems.
You can't get a clearer explanation and examples of hyperparameter tuning, regularization, and optimization on Deep Neural Networks. Highly recommended.
Excellent course. From shallow to deep. The homework is very carefully designed to make everyone could learn well. Thanks to Prof. Andrew and his team!
The explanation about the various parameters was very well structured and it really helped in understanding the  necessity to tune our hyper parameters
This course helped me to understand improving my knowledge to build an efficient and faster deep learning algorithm.  Thanks to the deep learning team.
i like this course, Andrew explained all the difficult mechanism of hyperparameter tuning techniques in a simply and easy to understand way. Thank you!
Very intuitive! Learned a lot in this course. Although PA is somewhat easy to finish. Forum is active and helpful. Looking forward to the next courses.
This is a great course in the Deeplearning sequel. It requires a lot of effort to complete, but the knowledge that you gain is big.Thank you Andrew Ng!
Provides a good understanding how better initialize & make basic fine-tuning of parameter sets as well as a gentle introduction to TensorFlow framework
Very good course, like it. It gave me lot of understanding of what NN is and some background over the hyper params.I would expect more sessions with TF
I think this course is the most import one in the specialization because it gathers a lot of practical tips and tricks to improve deep learning models.
The course material and assignment is in sync with each other. I like the way it is organized. Thank you to the team for coming up with this offering!
Once a legend said that AI is the new electricity and we all know who Nikola Tesla is ! It's always a pleasure of studying all these under Andrew Sir.
I found this course very interesting, incrementally building on previous courses in depth and breath, while preparing me for the Tensorflow framework.
The video tutorials couldn't be more informative. Loved the programming assignments.  Made me realize the importance of doing the work systematically.
Professor Ng is just an incredible teacher.  This is one of the best organized series of courses I've ever taken (including undergrad and grad school)
Awesome course! It has open up my thought and approach in deep learning. The professors lectures were awesome and helped me a lot. Thank You Coursera!
Awesome!.... I'm feeling getting more in shape with this specialization. Andrew lectures and the video series of Heroes of Deep Learning are the best!
This is superb. It teach you to tune the model and focus only important part. it prevent you from wasting the time to learn everything from a scratch.
Great course. The lectures are very helpful. And really the course assignments are the best thing. The assignments really helped reinforce the theory.
Great Course!!! Gave a lot of insight in tuning the hyperparameters which play an important part in the formation of a formidable deep learning model.
Andrew Ng is a great instructor and the lecture material is createdattentively. I recommend this specialization to anyone interested in deep learning.
Great course, can't wait to work through the rest of the courses in this specialization.  The course is a lot of fun and helping me build a new skill.
Genial, this course give me a lot of theory  and practice of how I can optimize Neural Network's  for optimize the train time and get better results.
course was very good. Understood the basics of the most used optimizers. Got to know about batch norm and why it works.Also learned about tensorflow.
During Batch Normalisation if the Formulas to calculate the gradients of the various parameters were given then it would ave been a great experience.
This is a really good and informative course. It explains the concepts well and also gives one an opportunity to practice and do the work themselves.
Great course, super motivated that we've started using Tensorflow. I feel like I can start playing around with a personal project to learn some more.
Thank you for this another wonderful course. I think I feel ready to move on to higher level Machine Learning platforms [keeping my basics intact] :)
Another excellent course by Andrew Ng. Good synthesis of optimization methods and current best practices for normalization and hyperparameter tuning.
Very in-depth overview of theoretical concepts, but explained carefully and intuitively. Adding some practical Keras-Tensorflow lessons would be nice
This course really nailed down to tuning process and I would totally recommend to everyone especially if you are interested in doing ML using Python.
I have learned a lot of important and interesting concepts. Andrew Ng's simple explanations made learning and grasping new concepts easier than ever.
This course is very important for deep learning parameter tuning and internal architecture. From this course i learn how to tune the hyper parameter.
This course is wonderful and impressing. I have learned a lot in this course. However, I think I have not got the ability to use tensorflow expertly.
Nice introduction to hyper-parameter tuning and tensor flow. This will give better insight on development of neural network with better understanding
It is great to extend my knowledge on deep learning, neural networks. It is also nice to touch on to see a bit of tensorflow aspect of deep learning.
This course is a natural continuation to the first course in the Deep Learning specialization! I had a lot of fun doing the programming assignments.
Short course, but a good introduction to the topic. To get a good understanding of certain topics however I felt its necessary to some extra reading
a good overview of some of the hyperparameters tuning in deep learning that normally will not tell in class. Also introduce the basics of tensorflow
As Always I am highly convinced by the teaching and course content. It is always a pleasure to learn from Andrew Ng himself and make best out of it.
Andrew Ng gives practical tips to improve a deep neural network but also the theory behind. I highly recommend this course for every ML enthusiasts!
I didn't know about the importance of gradient checking and some practical uses of TF, before I was beginning this course. Thank you deeplearning.ai
This course helps a lot in learning how to optimise the algorithm and how to deal with both training and testing accuracy and apply it practically.
Excellent course. As always, Andrew Ng taks a set of complex concepts and explains them brilliantly, making them easy to understand. He is amazing!
The explanation of maths could've been better in reading notes or something after video. Overall as usual brilliantly explained by Prof. Andrew Ng.
Absolutely elegantly done by Prof. Andrew Ng. Have become a Deep Learning addict, thanks to the professor. Eagerly looking forward to the next one!
Really helpful course .I was provided with proper guidance and I would recommend this course for improving knowledge in the field of deep learning.
The course modules were very well paced, with details as well as the programming of specific aspects of deep learning clearly explained. Thank you!
Prof. Andrew is an excellent teacher. His lectures engage the students to keep going; he also encourages the students to complete their coursework.
A very good course to learn optimization in Deep Neural Networks. It provides the knowledge in both, broader dimension as well as deeper dimension.
A very well-structured and entertaining course. Programming assignments are prepared well, so you don't have to spend a lot of time with debugging.
It was challenging; more math, more algorithms, and tougher assignments were involved. I liked it anyways; because challenge creates more learning.
Great lectures as usual, in style and coverage. Quite a bit of hand-holding in programming exercises, which cuts both ways (positive and negative).
Got a hands on experience with Tensorflow. Must learn course. All the pieces start falling together when you try Tensorflow programming assignment.
A very important course for developing efficient deep learning models. Andrew's explanations made it really simple to grasp these complex concepts.
As usual, Andrew has designed a great detailed course about the NN tuning, regularization and optimization. Looking forwar for the other courses :)
I am very happy to take this course and there was a lot of learning in this journey.I thank Andrew Ng for all your effort in creating this course.
This is hands down best course in coursera and i would suggest everyone in the electrinics engineering discipline to gettheir hands dirty on this.
It has been a great journey and truly Andrew Ng is a great teacher. Most of my concepts are way clearer and I look forward to the next course now.
It would be nice if there is more explanation on tensorflow framework, yet again you can never go wrong with the theories you learn in the course.
Absolutely helpful for Newbies to Coding and Machine Learning.It gives a great intuition also for managers, who are typically useless in coding...
It is a very good course . Covers most important parts of the hyper parameter tuning , very good explanation. I learnt a lot from the assignments.
Another awesome course, covering optimization techniques, introducing us to Tensorflow and allowing us to explore numbers in the SIGNS datasets :)
Excellent Course that gave me a lot of insight and much of practical advice.Highly Recommended. Thanks, Andrew and the whole deeplearning.ai team.
Insightful and good paced lectures. The notebooks are very well structured and very thoughtfully designed. Top notch course material plus lecture.
Excellent! Very good explanation of hyperparameters and possible optimizations.Nice exercises, very illustrative. Learning Tensorflow was amazing!
The course materials are well presented and allows for progressive learning. The forum provides an excellent platforum for sharing and supporting.
Andrew Ng is the best. Course material is designed so nicely that even a beginner or an expert will also get interested to seek for what is next!!
Very helpful course to help me understand how to train my deep learning algorithms faster and gains better accuracy. Thanks a lot for this course!
Excellent self contained course! Andrew's approach to make you implement everything from scratch really pays off in better material understanding.
The course was quite nicely presented. If more links to the research papers could have been provided it would have been more informative and fun.
The course covers crucial techniques to ensure the training of deep NN is manageable, avoids all the pitfalls and results in adequate predictions
Useful skills to improve/optimize deep learning performance, and provide a guidance to choice what to do next when facing bias/variance problems.
This course did not just only open my abilities to deep learning framework's mechanics but also made me realize the use of those hyperparameters.
Good content and explanation. There are good practical suggestions given in the course. Also, TensorFlow programming is introduced which is nice!
Amazing explanations. Great tips to solve and improve DNN problems. Exercises also are useful as base for robust projects. Thanks Andrew an Team!
Very fantastic lesson! Have learned much things by study it. someway,I think homework is too easy to review the knowledge.Thanks you, Andrew Ng !
With this course I not only understood more about DNN, but also learned to program better using Tensorflow in Jupyter notebooks. Thanks Andrew Ng
Amazing intuitions and insights how to tune and understand "hyperparameters world". Thanks again Andrew Ng and Coursera for this amazing journey!
Excellent course, would have loved to learn more about Thiano in addition to TensoreFlow, but overall very happy with the content of this course.
It was well formed and the instructor had a vast knowledge about the subject , would highly recommend this course to deep learning enthusiasts..
Whilst the topics were covered with good perspective, as usual by Prof Andrew NG, more sessions on Tensorflow could have made the course better!
FABULOUS!! This course helps build deep neural network with higher accuracy and reduced training time. On top of it you get to learn Tensorflow.
This is a beautiful course. Andrew is exceptionally good at explaining interesting (but complex) topics in a very intuitive, straightforward way
Really good of learning TensorFlow from basic Linear Function of a small scale Network. Finally got to know the workings of different Optimizers
This was an excellent course for learning about hyper-parameter tuning. I really enjoyed this course and look forward to the rest of the courses
Great. Thanks to this course I have gone a bit deeper and understood concepts that I now realize I did not understand them as well as I thought.
This is really an awesome course. This covers the basics so well and enables to have a clear picture of what is going on. Highly recommended..!!
I really like how Andrew Ng is really to the point and really focuses on real world applications. I'm waiting for the other courses to come out.
A Wonderful backdrop on tuning parameters and optimization, culminating with the best fundamental intro ever to TensorFlow. Thanks again Andrew!
It's perfect to understand what affects a Neural Network performance and how to tune them. Seems short but definitely lots of information here.
Very good course, Thanks Andrew Ng and team. Mathematical background of each hyper parameter is clearly explained and the assignments are good.
I think this course is an important step as we move further in this field since as data and model become larger, optimum performance is a must.
I liked a lot that I applied everything from zero-ground. Although it can be implemented much better, but in general, all assignments are great
It was really nice to see that Andrew Ng introduces Tensor Flow at the right time. But learning tensor flow's programming syntax was difficult.
lectures were very easy to follow to new learners for deep learning. especially many practical tips are helpful when analyzing real world data.
Very well written tests. The assignments are challenging enough to really test your understanding but not so difficult as to be unsatisfactory.
This course is extremely useful since it covers the very recent developments in optimization of deep networks, and best practices to tune them.
Thank you guys for the great course! The small typos in the assignment only make it more interesting :) But definitely should be easily to fix.
Introduction on TensorFlow will help me with practical applications. As always, thanks for the best course, Andrew Ng, Mentors, and colleagues!
Exceptional teaching and material.  So often the big picture gets lost in a deep ocean of details.  Somehow Andrew Ng manages to give you both.
This is the best course ever on hyperparameter tuning and regularization as well as optimization. A big thanks to Andrew Ng sir and  his team.
the grate content provie by the deeplearning.ai and the intiuation of the different concept of deep learning is teaching amazing by Andrew Ng.
Amazing course so far! Loving every minute of it. Informative, challenging yet easy to understand at the same time. Highly recommend doing it!
This is the first time, i have learned how the softmax classification, batch normalization, deep nn with tensorflow works, thank you Prof. Ng.
Good learning.  My Python is getting a tad better now (I was new when I started this course and have been practicing Python on the sidelines s
Moves from theory to practice. Video pacing is good , Assignment has some slight mistake though, but all in all, one of the best course for DL
Another great class, the final programming assignment is tricky and requires one to get a strong grasp of tensorflow (which is a great thing).
Thank you so much, because of this course I can understand alot of knowledge. I hope to learn many things new from this course in the future.
I really enjoyed learning this course. I got a even more deeper understanding about the NN, how to improve them and also how to implement it.
These two courses helped me a lot to undestand how programming frameworks work under the hood. Professor Andrew Ng is such a good instructor!
Excellent course! I liked the way optimization algorithms were taught. Although a bit more explanation could have been given on TensorFlow...
a little harder than the first course, there are many details but Mr Andrew is just awesome as always thanks for making this course available
Excellent instruction from Dr. Andrew Ng.  He did an excellent job show mathematically and by coding how a deep neural networks step by step.
Amazing course! Really helped me to understand the intricacies behind neural network workings and how to exploit them to improve performance.
This course really helps with improving neural network as suggested by the name. Tensorflow basics are also taught in this course at the end.
DEAR TEAM OF DEEP AI SPECIALISATION AND DEAR DR. NG ! THANK YOU VERY MUCH!I'VE USED YOUR NOTEBOOKS AS A TOOL FOR BUILT MY OWN NEURAL NETWORKS
Through tackling more advanced concepts of neural network optimization, the course actaully runs you through the fundamental concepts as well
Loved this part of the code... it allowed me to understand more about the optimization and regularization tricks such as RMSprop and Dropout.
Very nice course! I wish there was also a tensorflow course as a companion. Thank you for demystifying neural networks and their frameworks.
I just do not have words to express what i am feeling now ,,  definitely confident and more confident to m move ahead in this specialization
Good material and course content and very neatly organised. I hoped more would be covered on topics pertaining to different regularisations.
Top course which teaches all the basics and contemporary neural networks approaches! Well structured, good content, and some solid practice.
Very good course, with most importantly intuitions given and also some (superficial) theory underlying the principles of NN and other stuff.
Amazing course! Thanks for explaining the practical aspects of modeling. Looking forward to learning project structuring in the next course.
It was one of the most complex, yet so lucidly explained topics in deep learning. Kudos to Andrew Ng for pulling this of with such elegance.
Very good course, the lectures is about the basic Technics tghat will speed up and optimize the DNN, also have an introduction of Tensorflow
After the introduction to the DL and AI world, it was great to understand the things that make it robust and to apply it in a real scenario.
Insightful peek into the world of hyper parameters tuning and batch normalization and a good introduction to Tensorflow.highly recommended!
Again a big thanks to Mr. Andrew Ng and his team for helping me achieving the knowledge.. Hope I will get a big return out of this course..
It's full of practical knowledges that can be useful but never touched in other courses.It is MUST TO KNOW, if you're practioner on DL, ML.
The course need more exercicies with framwork, this is the only thing I could thought to help to make better that amazing course. Thank you
Learned quite a bit in this course about proper tuning techniques of Neural Networks as well as a pretty decent introduction to Tensorflow.
The lectures were very clear that I now feel like I'm finally getting somewhere towards my career.  Thank you for this amazing opportunity.
Excellent course! It instructions, the quizzes and the programming exercises are wonderful. They make me to understand the concepts easily.
Course if full of rare intuitions you could get only from someone like Andrew Ng. Thank you Andrew & Team for putting this course together.
It would be great if the lecture notes in pdf format can be provided at the end of module, as similar to Machine learning course by Andrew.
Hyperparameter tuning usually mentioned in papers without any systemic workflow. But detailed tuning steps are mentioned in this course !!!
Fun and engaging, and very accessible too! A great overview of various optimization algorithms, and a great introduction to Tensorflow too.
Awesome curse If you want to understand the mathematics behind some deep learning techniques. Highly recommendable curse! Thanks Andrew Ng!
Very useful. Goes through a lot of recent advances to optimize deep learning performance. The exercises does feel easy and straightforward.
It is a good breakdown and logical progression of the need and evolution of parameters and hyper-parameters. Throughly enjoyed the course.
In spite of my strong mathematical background I found many interesting features for using maths in Deep Neural Networks. Excellent course!
Okay with week 1 and week 3 but you need to improve the motive behind presenting week 2. Also what was the purpose of batch normalization?
I believe a approach Sir takes while teaching the course makes it comparatively easy to learn the very difficult concept of deep learning.
very great useful. I want to learn  compute science (bachelor's degree)by top 10 of university. that Mooc is success. I want more learning
Awesome! Very helpful & interesting. Looking to take up more courses in future.Best way explanation. Awesome quiz & programming exercises.
I was excited to learn TensorFlow and this course provides the foundation for that as well as continue the concepts from Course 1Thank you
Thank you so much Andrew. This course sharpens my understanding about deep learning, and lets me know the powerful function of Tensorflow.
Still a good intro course for DP. But most of the techniques are not really based on math but tricks. Maybe it's part of the nature of DP.
Covers optimization algorithms, Minibatch Gradient Descent, with Momentum, Adam, Xavier initialization, etc. Well-structured and objective
Real build-up on the great intro course. Gives valuable practical insights on how to use the techniques learned in real life applications.
All are the Courses are just amazing and helpful and Dr. Andrew Ng is great instructor .... i just loved his way of teaching.... Thanks !
It was a fabulous experience taking this course.I learned a lot,although not 100% as majority of concepts were new but to certain extent.
The importance of tuning hyperparameters are taught with very good examples. Other techniques for optimization are also discussed nicely.
best to understand the internal working of neural networks and different parameter tunning to make their functioning faster and efficient
I enjoyed learning from this course. The programming assignments are well-written to apply the knowledge imparted through video lectures.
I am happy to learn a lot about Hyperparameter tuning. I think that I will refer to this course when implementing neural networks myself.
Really an awesome course. Learnt about the math behind major Deep learning algorithms. A fun course and loved the saddle point reference.
This course covers so deep insight on what is like to train Neuro Networks. Extremely useful. Thanks a lot to Andrew Ng and all the team.
The Course that gave me confidence to overcome the performance constraints of ANN - now I have a bag of tricks to improve the performance
The professor did a great job in explaining the intuition and shared a lot of practical tips. Programming homework is very well designed.
A wonder course, which is always the case for Andrew's course. It was nice to learn what's happening with momentum and Adam optimization.
Some of the lessons were quite confusing and still not clear but Mr Andrew was absolutely brilliant. Loved the time spent on the course.
The theory and explanation is awesome. But, I wish the last programming exercise will be adapted to TensorFlow 2 (instead of TensorFlow)
It was definitely a bit more difficult than the previous one, but also it was just as much fun doing this course as the previous one. <3
This class is amazing for those who want to start their career in the world of Data Science with Neural Network!!! Highly recommended!!!
Another awesome course. Things have been discussed in great details.  I would like to thanks Coursera for offer such a wonderful course.
Professor Ng explains complex concepts with such ease. Uses great examples to illustrate the 'why' aspects of everything in this course.
Another excellent course which builds on the material from the previous course.Thanks Andrew for presenting it in the best way possible.
Very helpful course. There are a lot of practical tips covered. Also, the explanations to why the techniques could work is very helpful.
very useful course to understand how to tune your algorithm for better results and accuracy, also how to manipulate your hyperparameters
Lots to learn about parameters that effect the neural network and various regularization and optimization techniques for neural network.
This course provides a lot of information that ML researchers obtain through practice. This course will help beginners get a head start.
I love this course. Videos are very well split into short sessions, clear explanation, very good examples, quizzes and graded tutorials.
Andrew Ng has no parallel in bringing absolutely complex concepts down to a level that idiots like me can understand and apply.  Salute!
Programming assigments guide you through everything you need to know about choosing parameters and implementing optimization algorithms.
Really fun and informative, it was so clear I feel I have very good basics and understanding of neural networks structure and creation!
Awesome course that introduces you to tuning hyperparameters, different optimization algorithms and implement most things from scratch.
Really interesting content, especially regularization and dropout.  We must have to go through this before start implementation of DNN.
Overall great, very interesting! I think it would be great if you could provide some PDF with material summery in the end of each week.
Excellent material and even better presentation! Home work assignment are done so well and help you understand the material. Loved it!!
Great course. It does use Tensorflow 1.0 though and I do feel like they hold your hand too much during the exercises. Enjoyed it still.
Great course. I would sugest to add some extra practice on parameter tuning. It would be usefull to have some tensorboard introduction.
Excellent Course, I could go deep into the Machine Learning methodologies and I learned how to optimize Deep Neural Networks Algorithms
I got to know the optimization algorithms to use and also the Tensorflow programming framework in depth. It was a really useful course.
Alot of useful info about neural network tuning and easy introduction to Tensorflow framework. Absolutely must see for every DL novice!
A must course for understanding hyperparameter tuning, regularization, and optimization for real-world applications for deep learning.
Great introduction to regularization and optimization. I wish the TF assignment were done in PyTorch instead, but it was still useful.
Amazing content and wonderful teaching skills of Andrew Ng. Thanks for helping me out on such a difficult topic with so much of ease!!
Thanks to Prof Andrew, now I can understand the roles of hyperparameters. Tuning them skillfully requires a lot of experience, though.
Very nice course that provide enough information for learning start handle their optimization process and implement in their own work.
Excelent course, very useful. You will learn a lot about optimization methods and other techniques for parameter tuning. Thanks again!
this course is very good it gives good practical ways to implement neural networks in python and with Tensor Flow, i like it very much
Another great course from Deeplearning Specialization. Strongly recommend to one who already attended the first course of this series.
I loved the course 2, especially week 2, it cleared lot of doubts I had and now I have better understanding of internal details of NN.
Excellent well explained tough concepts.High quality exercises well guided to understand teorical concepts and apply in real examples
Very insightful course with practical tips on improving optimisation. I wish the Tensorflow notebook was updated to version 2 though.
The best course about hyperparameters. Now I really understand why we need regularization and how Adam optimizer works. Thanks a lot!
Best taught course in Deep Learning that i've come accross so far. Andrew explains the concepts in a way that is simple to understand
The code of the TensorFlow was a little bit difficult for me, but all the classes were exciting. Certainly I'll take the next course.
This course gives a really good inside into optimization. Neural Networks now seem lees a black box and more a beautiful math for me!
I think it was greatly set in anyway. Exercises were good and related and enough guidance was given to move forward. Thank you Andrew
This course helps me a lot to understand the concept of making deep learning more efficient and robust. Excited for the next courses!
The content is good. The assignments are very interesting and meaningful. Helped me to learn and raised my interests in deep learning
Very Good course. Very well paced course due to the flexibility in deadlines. Andrew Ng's Teaching style was very easy to understand.
This course was very helpful to learn tips of how to improve neural networks, and it also included a good introduction to TensorFlow.
Its better to create a folder for all lecture notes! thank you. The contents are really interesting and easy to catch the concepts :)
It was great. Lots of useful information and explained weird words. I wish the 3rd assignment had more videos (Tensorflow how to use)
Thanks for the very useful material. I think the lessons on Tensorflow can be presented with more details, but it is still very good.
Excellent course. Very good explanation of all the theory combined with many well documented program exercises for further practice.
The course gives a wide information on the various optimisation techniques available and the practice assignments are really helpful
GOOD LESSON! I've learnt hyperparameter tuning, regularization and optimization in this course, they are very useful in NN building.
Continue to find the structure of the lectures, quizzes, and programming assignments helpful in teaching me this subject. Great job.
An excellent course structured in a lucid manner and makes one feel neural networks is so easy. Eager to move on to the next course.
Easy understand in a very complex deep learning techniques. Professor Andrew transmits his deep knowledges in a clear and simple way
I am learning a lot as I am progressing. Great content and none other than Andrew Ng can teach complex algorithms in such a easy way
Thanks a lot to Andrew Ng for explaining each and everything so nicely and the assignments are adding a lot of value to the course.
Excellent Course with excellent programming exercises. The programming helps me a lot to gain a better understanding of the course!
This is the exception course offered by Andrew Ng and his team. Very deep insights of deep learning are demonstrated and explained.
I learnt a lot through this course and i really thank andrew sir from from the bottom of my heart for teaching me all these things.
In this course, I learned a lot about deep learning skills. These skills have greatly accelerated the progress of my research work.
Learning can be so much fun!!! I like to read the book Deep Learning by Ian Goodfellow and Yoshua Bengio for additional support :-)
Some of the details of the hyperparameters I wasn't aware and didnt realize the impact until I went through this course. Thank you.
I enjoyed a lot this 3rd part of the course. Many thanks to Professor Ng and his team for making this possible. Keep the good work!
Fantastic course!  Wish my university offered this.  My only suggestion in to introduce TensorBoard inputs into the last of Week 3.
I really enjoyed this course. Material is explained in a very simple and straightforward manner. Tensor flow tutorial is excellent.
Excellent course and explanations on fundamental concepts for improving deep neural networks. Excellent introduction to TensorFlow.
Andrew is a very talented teacher with a nice dream. From these lessons I can clearly see that help others succeed makes him happy!
This course was amazing! In combination with the first course, you can understrand how deep learning works and it is so beautiful.
This is a very good course on understanding how to tune the Hyperparameters, Optimizers.I thank Andrew Ng for this amazing course.
Great course. Got a deep induction on regularization, hyperparameter significance and its optimization techniques. Love u Adrew Ng
Gives good intuition regarding various hyperparameters and optimization techniques as well as and practical approaches to optimize
A very nice course explaining the details of hyperparameter tuning. Thanks to Coursera and Andrew Sir for such a wonderful course.
After studying this course, I learned some optimization algorithms and how to tune hyperparameters, and I learned about tensorflow
Incredibly useful tips and tricks about the most frequently used techniques for improving the performance of deep neural networks.
It explains many problems you might meet when you are actually implementing a nn, which are not offered by other ml theory course.
This course shows us how to learn machine learning in a simple way. I find this really helpful to me. Thanks very much! Andrew ng!
the best course to learn optimizing Neural net in order to increase the accuracy and reduce the error rate and enhance specificity
Thank you Coursera for this awesome course. I have learned a lot from this course. And the presentation is on the whole new level.
Loved every lecture. Excellently structures programming assignments. Highly recommended for an beginner deep learning practitioner
Highly recommend this course for the beginners to improve your intuition with tuning hyperparameters and quick intro to Tensorflow
I seriously learnt  a lot from this course, from optimization to tensorflow. Thanks to coursera for providing me this opportunity.
Gives you a good understanding of the essentials of creating Neural Networks, including an introduction to frameworks (Tensorflow)
Thanks to Discussion Forums. It helped in pointing out the problems faced with auto-grader. Overall the course module was great!!
Thank you Andrew Ng Sir, you made every complex topic easily understandable with very efficient way.Thanks for everything Sir!!!!
Excellent course to understand how NN works without extensively using any deep learning frameworks (except tensorflow at the end)
Excellent handling of niche deep learning concepts and exceptional categorization of the same were the highlights of this course.
Very instructive course on how to fine-tune your deep neural network. Especially how to address your high bias and high variance.
Very useful to tune deep neural nets for a specific task and implement them quickly using Tensorflow framework for Deep Learning.
Super good course, would be greater if the programming assignments can cover batch normalization part instead of just TensorFlow.
I understand the DL hyper parameters to good extent and It will help me to understand these with any DL frameworks. Thanks Andrew
If you liked the Machine Learning Course you will like these courses. Andrew Ng is an expert at making complex ideas seem simple.
A great resource to further build your intuition behind how to apply regularization and tune hyperparameters in a neural network
Exceptional ! One of the best courses I have come across. It has so intrigued me and made me think in terms of new perspectives.
Great course. Althogh I would suggest to update the week 3 programming assignment to Tensorflow 2.0. Andrew NG is a great tutor!
It was really great exp to go from the basics of hyperparameters up to using TensorFlow. This is exactly what I wanted it to be.
It was a great experience and I learned so many insightful things about neural networks and how to manage them during a project.
Great Course Theory wise full marks but I think some more practicals would have been a great but still great learning experience
All concepts are explained in detail. This course is extremely useful and highly recommended for everyone in this field. Thanks.
Awesome course, i loved being able to learn tensorFlow and many other things i didn't imagine i would learn. Totally recommended
Great explanation of internal workings of various optimizers and parameter tuning. Good introduction to tensorflow framework too
Really awesome class, had a great time and I am already making use of the lessons learned.  Exceptional work again Professor Ng!
Very good course for beginners in Deep Learning area! I really appreciate Prof. Andrew Ng  and his team who prepared the course.
Great in-depth approach with really helpful coding instructions/jupyter-notebooks and simple explanations in the video lectures.
Thanks Andrew for clear and structured explanation! It's wonderful to follow the concepts of Deep Leanning with your courses :)
The course has been really insightful and covers a wide range of topics that isnt normally seen when compared to other courses.
Excellent introduction to regularization, hyperparameter tuning, and improvements upon classical gradient descent optimization.
There are very few courses which take so much care of you. I am getting more and more interest in Neural networks. Thank you !!
Loved it , thank you for this great opportunity to learn about Hyperparameter Tuning intuition and application using TensorFlow
Andrew's courses are always perfect. Sophisticated things are explained in really simple manner. Thank you, I had a lot of fun!
Inspiring and clear lectures, well designed programming assignments! The quizzes are very nice way to review materials as well!
Andrew has been a great teacher in the field of machine learning. I love the way he teaches and help us understand great ideas.
Great as always especially the notebooks appear more mature now and are educational by themselves.Great job by Andrew and team!
I would highly recommend to learn from the deeplearning.ai specialization courses if you are new to the field of deep learning.
Seeing the things actually work is really great. Helps a lot. Really amused by the different techniques to improve performance.
Very good course, but the batch normalization part was quite heavy compared to other parts. Always very good teaching from M.Ng
excellent course,Professor Ng is really a great teacher who could explain a complicated theory in a way that easy to understand
Excellent course content coupled with relevant course exercises which focused on applied and research aspects of Deep learning.
Very useful course and well organized. I definitely feel more confident in Deep Learning optimization after taking this course.
This course really helped me understand the optimizers that we use and hyperparameters that we set while coding in tensorflow.
Great course with well-structured step by step guide to get us familiarize with the technics and framework such as TensorFlow.
One of the best courses I have completed, superb instructor, awesome content, well structured material, fantastic assignments.
Excellent course! I would recommend to professionals who wish to gain an understanding into the nitty-gritty of deep learning.
With Deep intuitive knowledge about Deep nets, Hyperparameters, Optimizers makes feel super confident of Deep Neural Networks.
Andrew Ng has a talent for making complicated concepts appear simple. The videos in this course are definitely worth the time.
Another wonderful course from Andrew Ng, and gives a good intro to tensor flow at the end. Looking forward to the next course!
Excellent course with lots of info & hands-on learned. In particular, Andrew's style of instructing is very clear and concise.
Andrew does a great job explaining some important hyperparameters and how to use them to tune your deep neural network models.
Very good. It is excellent starting point for developing the knowledge and skills required for active application of deep NNs.
It's amasing how this specialisation leads you through complex topics step by step and everything becomes clear and possible.
I understood optimization algorithm also I got regularization techniques.Bias variance so many things I got thanks a lot.....
One of the Best courses on Neural networks,I keep revisiting this course whenever I have to improve the Neural network model.
The course is designed for beginners, the  code implementation takes care of unncessary things of how to display the results.
Very good course, helps develop actual concepts by implementing a deep neural net just in python and not using any framework.
Wonderful explanation of optimization algorithms, hyper-parameter tuning and regularization.Great introduction to TensorFlow.
I hope you guys could improve the hardness of the programming assignments. They seem to be a little easy compared to quizzes.
As usual, Andrew Ng has explained the concepts in the simplest way possible. A little work outside the course can help a lot.
This course gives a thorough intuition about the hyperparameters and how to regularise them. Brilliant work by Andrew Ng sir.
Appreciate the course videos. They dont demand prior knowledge of machine learning.The assignments gives hands on experience.
I loved this course. Assignments played a very important role in my learning, as i learned a lot by getting my hands dirty :)
The greatest course I have ever taken! So grateful to Andrew and your team to make the studying so interesting and rewarding!
this course is very good to introduce you to concepts such as hyperparameters optimization and frameworks such as Tensorflow
Thanks Andrew Sir for creating such a good content and I hope that this would help me in my voyage along the massive AI sea.
Thanks to this course I will now be able to improve the performance of my neural network in a more efficient way. I loved it
The focus on building "intuitions" behind the math has been a refreshing approach to learning material like this. Thank you!
Very good introductory material on regularization and optimization. Also introduction to tensorflow as frameworks is spot-on
Great follow up course in this specialization, which introduces critical concepts to improve and design your neural network.
Great course. I've learnt a lot on hyperparameter tuning and optimization strategies. The Tensorflow makes coding simpler :)
Andrew does an amazing job of explaining the intricate level of math in a subtle manner. It is a must for advanced learners.
Good course with excellent rules of thumb and principles to improve your DL performance and your parameter tuning procedure.
Andrew did a great job in explaining the intuition behind optimization algorithms such as SGD, SGD with momentum, Adam, etc.
Good pace, thoughtful video instruction, and helpful assignments. Even without a CS background, the concepts were very clear
I think there are some typos in assignments but this is the most useful course for learning Tensorflow modules on the earth.
Very good and learning from scratch is very exciting to work on. Thanks Andrew and team for this wonderful course materials
As always, deeplearning.ai and Andrew Ng had prepared an amazing course. I am aiming to get all the courses they published.
Excellent simple but comprehensive explanations. Structured progress, with just the right duration for lectures. Thank you.
Very good, I learnt how to optimize forward and backward propagation. I learnt how to use tensor flow. Thank you very much.
A great course, although I had most of this material in the university but it was very fun to learn from anothr perspective
Dr. Ng's courses are among the best I've seen on the web. Simple, precise, clear, easy to understand and easy to implement.
Very simple explanation of complex ideas. Cleared up a lot of my confusion about tensor flow. Really recommend this course.
An extremely valuable course to take learners from blindly creating neural networks to efficiently creating neural networks
Very great. But the programming part of lesson 3 has nothing related to the first part of Week3, only the tensorflow's part
The lectures are very clear and nice. The quiz and assignments are also very well designed to guid you through all details.
the course was giving miniature details about how to tune your NN to improve its efficiency. Too many things and was good.
The course is very informative and a clear mathematical understanding of neural network optimization concepts is provided.
really cool course, i think after doing this i can read up more on the concepts and will be able to understand them easily
Great aside from the Tensor Flow section which is a bit rushed but there is a specialization on TensorFlow so all is good!
This is more than a course, its a companion, Andrew Ng is unarguably one of the best knowledge distributor in the world!!!
though i was experienced in Deep learning, I learned a lot of new things and specially intuitions to tune a neural network
I think this section is a great tips and trick that related to deep learning. How to make your model awesome. and awesome.
Really nice to see tips and tricks of tuning deep neural networks covered at this level of depth.  Really useful material!
Lots of little tricks that you will think of afterwards as things that you would have thought of yourself, but never do...
This was a very enlightening course. I learned a lot and the content is quite more complex than expected. Just excellent.
Great about Hyperparameter tuning. It's a pity about tf is version 1 instead of 2 but nonetheless very helpful and clear.
Excellent introduction and basics of tuning NNs. Very practical approach. Notebooks are also useful to be used in future.
Thank you very much for professor Andrew Ng's explanation, which has benefited me a lot in improving deep neural network.
Another great course following the first course on Neural Network, thank you Andrew Ng and team for putting this together
Andrew Ng is amazing, the way he describe things are awesome. It open many new things to learn and expand ones knowledge.
This course is very good for basics and to start learning frameworks such as Tensorflow. I enjoyed learning this course .
Learnt a great deal about tuning models. Concepts of regularization, batch norm and optimizers  were very well explained.
It was so awesome .I got to know the minute details which would certainly help me in making a better deep learning model.
This coursera really tells me a lot about how to tune parameters, and very useful skills to optimize the NN. Very thanks!
Great intuition, as always by Andrew. High level teaching with jupyter. Really cutting edge jupyter use with tensor flow.
Very good course, including the intro to Tensorflow. Highly recommended. I look forward to the next course in the series.
Excellent coverage of key concepts and applied knowledge!! Thanks a lot to Prof Andrew and everybody in the course team!!
Andrew Ng's MOOCs are a *cut above* almost everyone else's. & I've finished over a dozen MOOCs on a variety of platforms.
good content with an equally good instructor.Assignments can be improved by makin them more intensive and comprehensive.
Great course, vital for beginners to understand the gap between traditional implementation and framework implementation.
it was great course, what i learned was very useful in a very good way of teaching. thanks Coursera and thanks Andrew Ng
So much practical knowledge packed in 3 weeks of study. Amazing tour de force on the practical aspects of deep learning!
Great course, but I have a suggestion, in that, more material related to Tensorflow should have been a great experience.
This course proved very helpful when I was grasping the ideas of hyperparameter search, regularization and optimization.
I would say that I really enjoy taking the course led by Dr. Ng! Everything is explained in a clear and instructive way.
Thanks for this amazing course, I learnt a lot about Deep Learning specifically Regularization and Optimization methods.
One of the best online course I have got! The way Prof Andrew conveys his ideas is exceptional! Totally love this class!
Very good course that show you some insight on thing that it would take a lot of time if you experience it by yourself.
A very good course for someone who wants to understand the fundamentals of deep learning. Also, very apt for beginners.
Nice course for beginners in Deep learning and a good introduction was provided for deep learning framework TensorFlow.
It really help solve a lot of question about how to improve dnn. Through this course, I learn basic knowledge about tf.
Initially, I thought that this course is not important for this specialization but ut turned to be an important course.
Well-structured course that gives you some very good insights into how hyperparameters are handled within deep learning
great course - program assignments can be a bit harder... plus, maybe more tensorflow  assignments can be really useful
This course was great, I had some knowledge about the topic but I still learned a lot. Thanks Andrew and all your team.
Overall very good course where you quickly gain an overview of current optimization techniques for Deep Neural Networks
Loved this installment to the specialization. Excited to explore other frameworks and applications. Highly recommended!
Very good, just like the first course in this specliazation and very recommend for whom that interest in Deep Learning.
Great course, only remark, perhaps provide a diagram when to do what, high variance this are the options hight bias ...
this course contains all the underlying mathematical concepts of various extremely necessary deep learning algorithms.
Clear and to the point. I think links to more formal research articles / Mathematical justification could be provided.
Excellent and comprehensive teaching helped a lot in learning the hyperparater tuning . and all the relevant concepts.
loved the use of tensorflow finally it was explained  with simplicity and gave me  the intro i need for this framework
couldn't get better! Very well explained by Professor Andrew Ng how we can increase the performance of the deep nets .
Great Course. Great Instructor. I finished it in 1 week. I love that in the final assignment we get to use TensorFlow.
Exceptional insight on how Deep model work. The part on hyperparameters is simple and exceptional. Great introduction.
Thanks for the wonderful course. The 'learning_rate' of the course was great. And thanks for free auditing this course
This was great learning, made the foundations to deep dive into the AI prog frameworks and execute real life projects.
I had a tough time doing the tensor flow assignment.But overall, it gave me a good understanding of the fundamentals.
The course content is in very deep and practical. The learning content is easy to understand. Thanks to all teachers.
Thank you Sir for providing such valuable material.and thank you once again for providing me course in financial aid.
A very interesting introduction to hyperparameter optimization, as well as other important topics such as frameworks.
It was a great learning period with a high quality content, I learned a lot. thank you andrew and thank you coursera.
Great Content. And Great Programming Assignments to Practice All the Things Taught in the Slides.Thank you Andrew NG.
This course helped me to understand better the concept of Overfitting and the behavior of Neural Networks in general.
I think this course is very useful for the beginners understanding the basic and important concepts of deep learning.
Nice trick for improving DL performance, even if really hoped that there's a really way to find the best parameters..
Very good course with proper explanation of Hyper parameter tuning, Regularization and Optimization  of deep learning
Excellent material presented very eloquently. However, it would have been nice if more focus was laid on TensorFlow .
Loved it... Wish they'd include the up front data gathering as part of the lessons though instead of pre-made inputs.
Amazing course. The course teaches how to optimize the hyperparameters etc. and also teaches TensorFlow on a project.
good course , best part is to go deeper into the RMSprop, Adam and momentum based Optimizations along with SGD and GD
This course helped me to understand more about the optimization algorithms used in Deep Learning. Widely recommended
This course is extremely informative on building a better neural network and it gives basic knowledge on tensorflow.
Excellent explanation and guidance.Please incorporate the corrections in the video directly and reupload if possible
A very good course on hyper parameter tuning, some notations can be updated as they are confusing in the derivations
A really intuitive course that gives insight into how to optimize deep learning models in the simplest way possible.
Awesome Learning Platform with Awesome Trainers and especially the practical work they enable us to do is awesome...
As always greate teacher and course! Together with the Machine learning course the best course I've followed so far!
Again one more excellent course from Andrew Ng! Great path for mastering Deep Learning! Learnt a lot from Andrew Ng!
Found this to be a tad bit difficult than the others, but great learning and really simple explainations by Prof NG!
Immense amount of learning in these first two courses. Will go over the lectures once again to cement understanding.
One of the best. Having been working with deeplearning for 2 years. Yet i have had some nice pointers in this course
There is a lot to digest in this course. As always, Andrew did a great justice to every element of the entire course
Great course, perfect continuation for the machine learning course imparted by the Standford University on Coursera.
Concepts such as dropout, batch norm and exponentially weight averages are explained very well with good intutiions.
Great Insights for improving performance of Deep Neural Networks, couldn't find any better resource other than this.
It was pretty tough, lots of content to understand, but the quiz and assignment really  helped solidify the concepts
Andrew Ng is the Best Instructor to have for deep Learning and related topics. I am impressed by his way of teaching
Gives great insights about the importance of parameters in neural networks keeping in view the real time scenarios .
Short but excellent material as usual - and a gentle introduction to TF. Can't wait to learn more from Prof. Andrew.
Explains the things in very good intuitive way and also introduces to basic maths so as to understand things better.
Very helpful material for Regularization and Optimization which are one of the most critical parts of Deep Learning.
Very clear, easy to understand. The tutorial of Tensorflow and coding assignment are step by step, smooth to follow.
It was fun and I learnt a lot in this course such as adjusting the hyperparameters and understanding the optimizers!
best course ever, awesome assignment I have created complete optimization algorithm from scratch awesome experience
Great course! Easy to follow, and all the importants concepts and topics are covered in an intuitive way. Congrats!
Well paced course. I liked the flow of the course especially since the topics were interrelated and organized well.
Great course! The intuitions, the first principles approach, the guided practice... A valuable way to learn indeed.
Awesome course and excellent explanation of concepts. Another awesome course with best contents from Andrew NG Sir.
Andrew is great teaching and passing his ideas, the programming assignments are very useful.Thanks for everything!!
One of the most helpful courses in the specialization, Gives you lots of good knowledge for training better models.
Amazing deep learning course which gives me so much inspiration about AI.Highly recommend to join it, will move on.
Powerful content in easy way and excellent assignments to make the knowledge more accurate and related to the work.
This course of Professor Andrew Ng is as excellent as all the others of him. When I think about AI, he is the best.
Andrew makes a mysterious subject so transparent. It is so calming to listen to his voice and understand the magic.
Very clear explanation of all related concepts along with Introduction to tensorflow framework. Very useful course.
Very good course with a very good teacher. Understanding the mechanics behind all of this is very important for me.
This course presented some valuable improvement techniques for neural networks in a compact, understandable manner.
Very amazing machine learning course, focusing on the very important and useful skills in training neural networks.
This is an awesome course than the first one. Thank you Andrew Ng for giving such wonderful content. Thanks a lot.
The course was very good and fully covered all the concepts and also had assignments for practice of the concepts.
It was a very good experience to learn about Tensorflow and Tuning Hyperparameters and Using Deep Nets effectively
Balanced material having math and programming parts equally weighted. Enjoyed the lectures through the course work
Very helpful as it gives insights to many things that could not have been possible to gain by just reading a book.
Excellent module for understanding the mechanism and insights on tuning hyper-parameters for Deep Neural Networks.
I really enjoyed this course. There are a lot of great ideas to improve your learning system! Thanks Andrew a lot!
The comments expected results in the last assignment needs update. The errata has all of them though.Thanks a lot.
Very good content and explanation. however, I think the programming assignment need to be more challenging. Thanks
It's so good for me to go deep into Deep Learning theory and practise.  Andrew and his teammate work hard on this.
Great Course! Andrew always knows what to focus and every word from him is meaningful, I've learned a lot, Thanks!
Great content. Helped to clear concepts of very in-depth hows and whys i had been looking for a long time. Thanks!
awesome material. well explained concepts on hyper-parameter tuning batch normalization and programming frameworks
This course is a bit difficult.But the lecturer explained in great detail.I have learnt a lot.Thank you very much!
My whole expectation from the course meet! Thanks Andrew NG sir and Coursera to provide such an excellent course.
I liked it very much :-) At least I used tensorflow and I understand what happens in it. I like Python very much.
It is such an amazing course. I learned a lot of thing during that entire course.The explanation is very awesome.
As always Andrew Ng's teaching is amazing which never fails to give us a intuitive understanding of the concepts.
Exceptional course with a lot of in-depth look into the various hyperparameters used in deep learning algorithms.
A really great course that explains most if not all the tunable hyperparameters in a typical deep neural network.
Excellent course. Pretty much in-depth knowledge provided. Thank you for the course.Special Thanks to Andrew sir.
Very interesting and good implementation in the Jupiter notebook. However, Tensonflow introduction is very vague.
After completing the first course of this series, I feel very confident in applying Neural Networks in my domain.
A great introduction to tuning neural nets. Exercises were extremely useful in explaining the techniques further.
Hope the tensorflow homework can be more clearly instructed. And hope there were more tensorflow part of homework
Very useful course which gives insight into the nitty gritty details of the practical aspects of neural networks.
This course was much more challenging than the previous one. Go into it prepared to put in a lot of extra effort.
Fantastic course, really jumps into important details for practical programming and implementing neural networks.
Good course for understanding optimization of neural networks and their implementation. Introduces to TensorFlow.
Recommend! I feel much better with this course than the first one, probably because I get more used to this area.
The last programming exercise is really tough if you're not so good at Tensorflow. So you're better be good at it
Dr. Ng shares his programming experience, provides easy and intuitive explanations of some complicated processes.
Andrew is a great instructor. I've learned so much about hyperparameters in this course and I'm really grateful.
It's a really great course. A must even if you know the basics, as it really adds value to what you already know
Highly recommend. Best babysitting course for everyone to explore the complicated deep neural network algorithm.
This course was amazing. I am speechless about how Andrew presented the materials. I enjoyed every minute of it!
very wonderful course for Improving Deep Neural Networks: Hyperparameter tuning, Regularization and Optimization
Awesome course to know about the hyperparameters and their tuning and its importance while training the network.
Its a great course for learning optimization techniques which are very well explained with the math behind them.
Great course.  I now have a better understanding of the process of fine tuning a model to maximize its accuracy.
Perhaps more examples of tensor overflow with direct implementation of neural networks provided by the framework
Highly useful course. Complex concepts are explained in a structured way which makes them easily understandable.
very good understanding of the hyperparameters for various optimization algos is given, with very good intution.
Was insightful and excellent. Looking forward to immediately learn the next course as I implement the knowledge.
Good Course! But for the last week's assignment, more details and instructions needed for the Tensorflow syntax.
Thanks for clear explanation and for good content, helped me to understand and learn how to improve Optimization
It was very helpful to grasp the differences  in the concept of 'Normalization, Regularization and Optimization'
Excellent course, updated my knowledge of gradient descent optimization techniques, introduced me to tensorflow.
introduced different aspects of how to improve the performance of NN. For beginners like me, it is very helpful.
This course teach how to tune the deep neural network which is one of the most important aspect of deep learning
This course is beautifully designed and practice and lab assignments take us on a journey from root to the top.
The Intricacies of Fine Tuning a model to ooze out performance from is conveyed quite clearly from this course.
I really like the way Andrew explains the reason behind each type of algorithm and when to use it in our model.
Better than the previous course. I would recommend if you are more likely to apply what you learn into practice
This is a great course designed to give students proper insight into the hyperparameters & their tuning methods
I am delighted to have completed this course, now I know how Hyperparametrs actually work and how to tune them.
Good solid theory and practice advancing my understanding of deep learning and an effective intro to TensorFlow
Amazing simple explanation by Andrew Ng and easy to follow practice. Very much needed for the busy practitioner
This is an amazing course! It introduced me a lot of knowledge and techniques to improve a Deep Neural Network.
Great material very informative and brisk pace of learning keeps you engaged and learning new things all along.
More Hyper-parameter optimization and your first step to TensorFlow. But my conclusion Matlab is really easier
Amazing course for developing deep understanding of deep learning. Great instructor and intuitive assignments.
I feel much more confident in my ML skills after taking this course.The assignments are awesome and very good.
Must known and very common terms in Deep Learning are well explained in this course. It's good in every aspect
That was one of the best courses I've ever had during my entire scientific learning and working! Thanks a lot.
Informative overview about ML techniques which are helping on the way to improve modelling with deep learning.
Good balance between theory and practice, focusing on the impact of hyperparameters across the whole solution.
Awesome! Learned a ton about tuning models, and especially loved the intro to TensorFlow in the final section!
Fantastic Course! The video lectures were crystal clear about the concepts and the assignments were top notch.
Every researcher in AI domain should learn practical aspects of deep learning implementation from this course.
Just Perfect !Crisp and Clear explanationDirectly To-the-pointSystematic and best effective approach explained
It is very good course.  This course help me to tune my model with respect to accuracy as well as performance.
Another fantastic course from Andrew. Incredibly useful for all those who took a deep dive into deep learning.
Good simple overview of basic techniques. Could use more references to useful papers, software packages, etc.
This is one of the most rewarding courses I've taken, and the quality of the material is absolutely stunning.
Simple and clear explanation with good practice.This course explains why Andrew Ng. is the best in the field!
Great course for beginner to deep learning.I take this course after Machine Learning course by 
Andrew Ng.

.
I am getting and learning a lot of information through this course. Thank you Andrew Ng sir for such a course
The subject was covered in amazing detail. The highlight was that the great balance of concepts and practice.
It completes well the first course. I'll hope the next lectures will be as interesting as the two first were.
Its a great course really teach you all things you need in easy way , Many Thanx for prof Andrew and Coursera
Absolutely enjoyed the materials! Thank you for all of your dedicated efforts creating this incredible class!
Very useful module. The techniques discussed are intuitive and help understand deep neural networks deeper :)
The intuitions that accompany the principles of DL taught in this course is just one of a kind. I am grateful
Looks like a simple course at the first glance. In fact, it contains much more information than you expected!
This course is practical and useful. The programming assignments are straightforward . I would recommend this
Detailed instruction on optimization, hyper parameter tuning, batch normalization and deep learning framework
Great course, help you to understand the real programming, also using 20min to let you understand Tensorflow.
Once again, an absolutely beautiful course, taught with great clarity and intuition! I loved every bit of it!
There is not a better course on Machine Learning then these series. Great work. Concept wise just excellent.
This course is very well structured so one learns a great deal and in a natural way. Andrew Ng did it again!
It's pretty detailed with a near perfect balance of depth and breadth. Quite learning-friendly explanations.
Very detailed so it is not hard to follow. Professor really put his heart and effort on this course. Thanks!
Excellent course to share all experiences on optimizating the Hyperparameters and regularization of Deep NN.
Another great course for deep learning. The assignments are really great especially the intro to Tensorflow.
course has given me deep insights in deep learning which is not possible to get from any other online course
That was AWSOME! It was really good and I'm pretty sure it would help me through my study and career!Thanks!
Very useful concepts, and well designed quizes and programming exercises that helps understand the concepts.
This course taught me tuning hyperparameter technique and the NN framework such as Tensorflow. Thank Andrew.
Great explanation. It would be nice to include more details about the implementation of batch normalization.
Very well explained. I just miss the test questions at the end of each video lesson, as in the first course
This specialization was super important. I really appreciate for your endeavors for sharing this knowledge.
Learned some new and useful methods in course2. Expecting more interesting things in the later study !!! :)
The course need a little bit of focusing on intuitions rather than just the math, it's a good course though
Exceptional course: complete overwiew of basic concepts of Neural Network + good introduction to Tensorflow
Excellent resource for learning deep learning basics and techniques. Clear and intuitive instruction style.
Exceptional course! Very interesting and illustrative. Only problem I had was with the Tensorflow notebook.
Gives great detailed insights over parameters  tuning and  steps to improve the neural network performance.
Amazing content, beautifully structured, easy to understand. Great introduction to the details of deep NNs.
If there would be an active community to help the students then it would make this program more successful.
excellent treatment of a vital topic in deep learning.  Andrew Ng's pragmatic approach was highly enjoyable
Wonderful course! Have a lot of tips to make an improvement in the implementation of a Deep Neural Network.
This was more difficult but still very well laid out. So I enjoyed it and finally started using TensorFlow.
Excellent course about optimizing neural networks that covers all the latest research results on the topic.
Glad I got introduced to Tensorflow. It's the framework I plan to focus on in order to conduct my research.
Very applied, you get hands-on information on what to do to get better results, in a very organized manner.
The best course to know about tuning a neural network. Learned a lot in this course. Andrew is the Best!!!!
This course help you understand more detail about deep learning and the tutorial of Tensorflow is valueable
Well its a Life Changing Experience. Thank You Coursera for this wonderful opportunities in this Pandemic.
Well organized, easy to follow. Programming assignment are very helpful. Thank you for such a good course.
very good explanation but little more clarification on batch normalization and tensorflow would be helpful
Excellent, student friendly and very intuitive material. Programming assignments give a lot of confidence.
Really good course. This incrementation of difficulty while reusing previous courses is perfectly  working
Excellent course in regularization, optimization techniques and how to use them with Tensorflow framework.
Andrew makes the topic interesting and easy to grasp. The assignments are very well written. Great course!
Almost perfect, it needs a better explanation in the last week, specifically for the TensorFlow framework.
YEAH, finally I have just finished this course. I am on my training to become the expert in this industry.
The tensorflow, regularization, hyperparameter tuning sections are great. Mini-batch is a bit of a snooze.
Very deep and excellent explanation in the lectures! I learned a lot from the courses and the assignments.
This course is essential for practically understanding the key issues, and making the systems really work.
I am highly recommending this course for anyone need to touch the details of this amazing world carefully.
my thanks to andrew ,my family and myself.I think what i studied will make me go further on my dream road.
Thank you for a well designed course with alle practical information you need to improve your NN Training!
Wealth of tips and techniques from an experienced team with valuable insights to share.  Excellent course.
The course was well paced and well timed. The intuition behind different aspects were taught really well.
Awesome! very good pacing out of material, engaging instruction and super interesting assignment as well!
Good second course. still lot more to learn. want to finish up asap and start working on Kaggle projects.
Good Course. One should take in the future if one wants to know how to better tune neural network models.
Very interesting course with lots of advices to tune hyper parameters and optimize the learning process !
this course gives broad knowledge about optimization of neural networks and also hyper parametric tuning.
Good Introduction to the most important part of the deep learnig - optimizations. Learnt a lot from this.
Awesome class!Just learned a lot useful optimizing methods which are taught really vividly and throughly.
Such an awesome course. Andrew Ng is the teacher everyone wishes to have during school and college days..
Exceptionnel content ! Andrew is clear as always and we get a very good intuition of how everything works
a great course to progress from building neural networks from scratch to trying deep learning frameworks.
Very good. A few typos and mistakes in the instructions on the final programming assignment (TensorFlow).
Really well structured course. Learned a lot about Searching HyperParameters and optimization procedures.
It s a good introduction to the tensorflow and gives detailed information about the optimization methods
The course is good. The first week was very long. Could you split it in two and add some more exercises?
Wonderful course for interested learners in DNN. It is very useful for my research enhancement.Thank you
Wel, I think perhaps pytorch is easier than tensorflow and it may be a better alternative for the course
Very Good content for learning the parameters tuning and well taught lectures on regularization methods.
Provide good insights to tune neural networks from scratch and also provides introduction to tensorflow.
Another awesome step on the journey with Andrew Ng. This course was fantastic, just like all his others.
Very good! It leverage your knowledge about deep learning making you a better professional in this area!
Sir , you're amazing . About to complete this course within 3 days . Very much excited to learn from you
This course helps to understand further knowledge that we learned in the previous part 1 specialization.
Awesome course. I really like the detailed explanations and the exercises. I'm looking for the next one.
very good course: good teaching, useful materials, very good assignments to master the ideas. I like it!
I think it's so good for me . In the process ,l learn so much about code to improve deep neural network.
It would be better, if some Tensorflow related tutorials or examples been provided to jump start easily.
Coding exercises were really good in this one. Easy to follow and gave you the conceptual understanding.
Great in depth course on how things actually work behind the available deep learning framework out there
Build confidence about using tensorflow for deep learning. Also some clue on hyperparameter optimization
very helpful! saved huge amount of my time in understanding those concepts and methods by self education
Most of the concepts were explained clearly and in a very practical manner. Thanks Prof. Ng and the TAs!
Very interesting, delivered with Andrew Ng's ability to explain complex topics in a very accessible way.
A solid course in working with deep neural networks. The focus on hyper parameter tuning is instructive.
Excellent! Brings great tips and confidence to troubleshoot your algorithm + a good intro to TensorFlow.
This is a Must Do course. I learned a lot of technics that is improving my result in my current project.
Great follow-up, I'm very excited to use frameworks too with a full understanding of the basic concepts.
This course refreshed my memories of many important concepts that I learned in my university DL course.
Really good course, quite challenging math, but excellent to understand how Deep Learning really works.
Great course. Thank you professor Andrew Ng and teaching assistants Kian Katanforoosh, Bensouda Mourri.
Very helpful course to gain knowledge of deep learning by implementing various optimization algorithms.
great course, it offers quite a pragmatic style and gives insights for Keras and tensor flow framework.
Great course with a lot of practice assignments. I think there needs to be more practice on TensorFlow.
I really like this introduction to TensorFlow! Great explanation and continuation from previous module.
Excellent Course.. Though I need to listen to multiple times and practice before I get mastery over it.
Amazing explanation and examples made the course so much interesting, completed a week course in a day.
Wonderful..it was tough to manage with office but somehow managed. Andrew and his team are magnificent.
Wonderful course! You do not need it but having seen some basic linear algebra and calculus would help.
Very informative, also I loved how a lot of mathematical concepts were introduced in a very simple way.
This is an amazing
course that I highly recommend for those who are starting with deep
neural networks.
Exceptional course - love how we used numpy to master the fundamentals and then jumped into tensorflow.
Great course, I especially like the lectures on different optimization algorithms used in deep learning
Simple because well explained. A great starting point for someone seeking clarity in an esoteric field!
Great Course. Really helped me understand the tuning process and the various deep learning frameworks..
As before, the assignments could be made so as to reduce the commented helps and spoon feeding. Thanks.
A nice course which gives several practically useful details and insights on training neural networks!!
Clean teaching and explains just enough to resolve questions that arise when new concepts are learned.
This was a bit tough but a lot was brought on board. Thanks a lot for Prof Andrew Ng. #deeplearning.ai
This course taught me so many learning things and all my doubts clarified after completing this course
Very informative and interesting course. Couldn't stop watching the lectures. Thank you sir Andrew Ng.
Really helpful and vital to get the foundations that are necessary to work in the deep learning field.
covered the neural network detaily with proper explanation . looking forward for next course of series
I learned a lot of new things even though I am working with deep learning for years now. Great course!
Important course where Andrew shares his insights in how to make NNs work better and how to debug them
Great practical methods to implement ML and NN. Wish we had more tutorials with Python and TensorFlow.
This course was very informative and gave me a good estimation of different types of hyper parameters.
Wonderful course. I learned about basic TensorFlow, regularization, optimization and parameter tuning.
One of my favourite courses in the specialization. This is the course i'll be coming back to the most.
Really learned a lot from this course. Hyperparameter tuning is something I now understand much better
Dr. Ng's way of teaching is great. It would be great if some of the papers are shared in the appendix.
Very good course. I wish Tensorflow material was longer although I can now learn Tensorflow on my own.
I was able to understand the concepts behind the hyper parameters and did my first tensorflow program.
This was most awesome overview of so many important concepts that one needs in field of deep learning.
Just Awesome. Completed in 3 days but awesome experience with Professor Ng.I am becoming a fan of him.
The right level of detail, but I'd recommend to shrink it for future students, because it's outdated.
A must course for all AI practitioners. Very informative and takes you from basics to implementation.
Better understanding with hyper parameter tuning and Nice start with TensorFlow programming framework
i have learnt many concepts in this course that i have applied in my models and got very good results
Despite this course isn't very long it covers important topics related to ML engineer/scientist work.
Very Good course, Recommend to anyone who is trying to learn and dive into the field of deep learning
this course helped me to understand, what is effect of various hyper-parameters and how to tune them.
If you have enough motivation and determination this course is the best choice to learn ML and DL ...
The course is very interesting, however I wish a bit more time was spent on tensorflow and its sintax
Excellent course, well structured material and assignments really helped with consolidating learning.
Excellent course. Thank to Coursera, Professor and staff for putting together such wonderful material
Thanks yet again for simplification and isolation of concepts in exercise.  Helps  in learning a lot.
I have no words to express my sincere gratitude towards Coursera, deeplearning.ai and Mr. Andrew NG.
Great course, clear and concise lectures and very helpful assignments.  Looking forward to course 3!
Very well designed course and very well taught by Prof. Andrew Ng who always motivates participants.
It's a very useful course for me to have a better understanding of hyperparameter in neural network.
Please give explanation about tensorflow , what computation graph is and how does a session works  .
Covers theoretical aspects very well and good programming exercise that reinforces the theory again.
Excellent resource for strategies on tuning hyper-parameter.  Also a good introduction on tensorflow
Loving the specialisation so far. TensorFlow introduction very basic - could use another week maybe?
Excellent course. I feel it's cool to learn deeplearning in such amazing approach! Thank you Pro NG.
Really learned a lot . Speed was just right and covered a lot I mean a lot of information well done!
Great course! Please fix the final assignment failing when using the @ operator instead of tf.matmul
Super Awesome! Needless to say about the content and intuitions provided by Prof. Ng are just great!
Very nice intro into advanced DL techniques. TensorFlow part is a little bit clunky, but manageable.
Andrew Ng is a terrific expositor of this material. He provides excellent intuition for the results.
Great course! It has really extended my DL abilities, especially with the introdution to tensorflow.
good course.learned quite a lot and Prof Andrew made it very simple for NN beginners to understand .
As usual awesome by Andrew Ng.. 3.43 am in the morning in just finished course 2 now so addictive :)
Great course for learning the foundations of Hyperparameter tuning, Regularization and Optimization
I loved the programing exercises, very well written, in-deph explanation and a little bit of humor.
The Coding assignment is a little bit easy. Most question could be done without watching the video.
Excellent explanations. What I like best it all the intuitions for why things work that are  given.
How dare you not rate this course with 5 stars. ? :) Thanks Professor Andrew ! Awesome explanation.
Very useful course, it helps me systematically learn the main aspects/methodologies of improving NN
A very good course. Andrew Ng explains things clearly and the exercises contribute to understanding
Very practical step from the previous one. Learning to use Tensor Flow was particularly interesting
This course is highly necessary for those who wants to dive into deeplearning. Very well explained.
The explanations about different optimizers and batch normalization are really good. Learned a lot!
It's a great class offer a lot of useful experience of deep neural networks. Really thank Coursera.
Great course! I am loving the specialization so far. Nice intro to Tensorflow but am keen for more!
Great class and I learned a lot, except I feel like the programming assignments had too much hints.
This course tells more method to tune your NN more efficient. It's very useful to apply math to DL.
All clear and very handy. It helps to understand some of the low-level insights of NN. Recommended.
Excellent course. Really helpful. The way it is designed and taught makes the understanding better.
Got to learn a lot about tuning hyperparameters and various optimization algorithms other than GD.
It's an excellent course, with coverage of very important topic as well as starting to tensor flow
I am lucky enough to get financial aid. Thank u courSera..Thanks a lot..NG Sir is a  masterclass..
Thank you very much for giving me an opportunity to learn every aspect of deep learning so easily.
Great course to get intuitive understanding of optimizers, regularization , hyperparameter tuning.
Complete, addictive and professional course. It covers every aspect from theoretical to practical.
Very well explained with real case scenarios. Shall recommend to anyone interested in learning DL.
Great Class! It's nice to have some experience on frameworks like Tensor-flow by the end of class.
Very In-depth course and useful insights provided by Andrew. The way of explanation is really good
Gives quite an insight regarding all the hyper parameters and how to use them to get a good model.
great depth of approaches for the various methods for dealing with bias and variance in DNN models
Excellent programming assignments, Quizs and very properly made to teach very important  concepts.
I would love if we were give a whole project to write it from scratch and apply all the principles
I really liked the discussion of different SGD methods, and the smooth introduction to Tensorflow.
Great course, I learned valuable topics in Regularization, Optimization and Hyperparameter tuning
An excellent course for anyone who wants to learn about how to design a good deep learning model.
Very useful and instructive course! Thanks Andrew for the explicit lectures and assignment notes.
A course with good set of techniques and guidelines to improve and fine tune the neural networks.
Very good tips for improving your coding and its performance. Nice intro to Tensorflow framework.
I really appreciate the discussion of best practices when it comes to hyperparameter tuning, etc.
A crucial piece of knowledge about NN optimization techniques and a brief intro to Tensorflow v1.
Finally a clear explanation and methodology about the dark magic of Deep Learning Hyperparameters
A very good follow on to the first, introductory course. More of a "deeper dive" and more detail.
Really great course. It naturally builds on the previous course. Nice introduction to Tensorflow.
Great at introducing key hyper-parameters, their importance, and the appropriate way to use them.
The problems are getting more and more interesting :dOn to the next course in the specialization!
Excellent! I've learnt about useful optimizations and some delicate things about neural networks.
I really enjoyed doing this assignment. A perfect combination of hands-on and concept discussion.
Course content is really good.A more thorough introduction to tensorflow would have been helpful.
Great as always! Really informative and the subjects are presented in an "easy to digest" format.
Very informative, I liked the explanations as to how to approach fine-tuning your neural networks
It would be better if there is more code could be edited my ourselves rather than just few lines.
Good knowledge for improving our model and nice introduction to other framework in deep learning.
Rightly structured and very well organized just after a beginning introduction to Neural Networks
Prof. Andrew Ng is fantastic at explaining complex ideas in a systematic, easy to understand way.
A great course to a deep understanding of hyperparameter tuning, regularization and optimization.
This specialization was one of my best friends during the pandemic, thank you so much Andrew NG.
Great explanation from a Great Person! I will keep revising the content to get a better insight.
This course is very useful for me. It helps me understand better some parts in the first course.
Very useful and programming assignments came in handy to revise and strengthen the understanding
Awesome course! Andrew explained optimizers like RMSProp and Adam very clearly. I learned a lot!
A bit challenging in term of number of ideas in such limited amount of time. Very useful anyway.
Great course. I finally made it to learn TensorFlow before I can start some fascinating project.
Really Good Course. Provides better understanding to the hyperparameters & their tuning process.
I like the content of the classes of this week. The teaching style of Mr Ng is very interesting.
This course was an amazing learning experience for me and thanks to Mr. Andrew , he is the best.
Thank You Coursera for providing this course, to let spread knowledge and help learners like me.
This course was really good. This course contains a lot of information and will help me greatly.
A very good deep learning course that will be helpful in achieving goals of an individual in AI.
It is a very good course about tuning the hyperparameters and a good introduction to TensorFlow.
Great course. Please add more development exercises, where you have to write more code yourself.
Amazing class, covered many topics of deep neural network. Well-organized and clearly-presented.
Really powerfull tools this begin to seems more and more advanced , thanks for your time Andrew.
it's better to add some optional courses on the mathematical derivation of some algorithms !!!!!
Another winner. Starts off building everything in Numpy then introduces higher-level Tensorflow.
The continuation of the course 1, many things have become clear to me! Another excellent course!
This was very practical for my project! I'm so glad to be able to identify what I should change.
I love the interview section. This section gives me broader intuition and field in NN framework.
You could have focussed more on Tensor Flow.Concepts are explained very well.I loved this curse.
i relly love this courses, this are so well designed for learning. just like in a university!!!
This was such an awesome course. I did have learnt lot about deep learning through this course.
Excellent course on hyperparameter tuning, regularization and optimization. Highly recommended.
Fast and clear course. Has a lot of small exercises that are very handy for your own algorithms
Thanks a lot Professor Andrew you're such a great man. The course/specialization is terrific <3
Fantastic course. Sply the codes and the way they have been thoughtfully structured. Brilliant!
What learned during the course was building the self confidence in the subject area really lot.
Well balanced syllabus. covering the intuitive part as well as the procedure of implementation.
Nice overview of different steps for improvement. Very accessible introduction into TensorFlow.
The best course for the understanding of basic to advanced learning of neural network training.
It is the best course for Deep learning on the internet., which is taught by best teacher ever.
Excellent Material & approach. Gained a lot of insight on how to make the model perform better.
thanks for this course again it was informative and thanks coursera again for the financial aid
Provides thorough and optimal understanding of different knobs and switches that guide Deep NN.
Nice course, learnt a lot with no impediments. Quality of tuition and assessments is excellent.
Very good content, this course #2 essentially complements the basic sep NN content of course 2.
Amazing course. Especially for beginners. Assignments particularly are great help for learning.
Great work easy to understood and to work with. Thanks for Prof Andrew Ng and Coursera as well.
l love this course coz it give us some useful tips and tools we can use to improve our project.
Amazing Experience! Andrew Ng and yout team are awesome! Please! Keep going with this courses!!
The Video sound is quite low. But the content and assignments are very nice and well prepared.
was very excited I understood finally TensorFlow's framework a little bit. Want to learn more.
It was an amazing course and a wonderful experience and i got to learn a lot from this course.
Very nice and well-explained continuation to course 1. Very usefull tools to optimize results.
This course is very helpful for understanding the granular details of Deep Learning. Thank You
excellent review of main techniques in training nns, really understood now some best practices
Good courseSome difficulty with programming assignments, because errors are difficult to debug
this is the best like the course 1 and I am realy eager to pass the rest of this specializtion
I learned theory of essential technique to get good performance using Deep Learning.Thank you!
Excellent course that provides some under the hood details for running NN. Highly recommended!
Clearly explains optimization algorithms and techniques to improve neural network performance.
learnt how to tune neural network. Now I can say I have a good understanding of hyperparameter
Very good explanations about the basics of setting up a DNN and make it work in the right way!
Terrific.  Well-paced, programming assignments are good balance of programming chops and math.
Great continuation from the first course - A deeper introduction to tensorflow would be useful
Some of the materials were very challenging and intriguing, and the course was well organized.
Thank you Andrew for making everything easily understandable, I appreciate your explanations.
Andrew Ng explains the maths really well and that helps a lot when you start with Tensorflow.
Love the course! Definitely need more efforts in digesting the materials, but so far so good!
It's good change to me to learn hyperparameter tuning and deep neural networks understanding.
the course was very intuitive, even for some who  didnt have any robust computational algebra
A lot of details and instructions are provide in this course. The practices are super helpful
Andrew NG is one of the best teachers I'll ever had. He convert difficult things to easy ones
great instructor, great course content. Would recommend to anyone looking into deep learning!
Enough detail to get an in-depth exposure, but very doable assignments with a lot of support.
Great course and probably the most useful as limited free materials exist online. Thank you !
The course was pretty useful in providing overall insight about improving DNNs. Great course!
Excellent course content to learn parameters tuning and speeding up deep learning algorithms!
Thank you !! This course provides very useful info for data science newbies. Much appreciated
A great experience while learning. Intuitive way of teaching maths behind the codes. Love it.
Too much informative course. Complex concepts are formulated such that they are easy to learn
I would like to see more contents like GAN or reinforcement learning. That would be so doped!
Excellent course that supplies not only the basics but the intuition behind the applications
Such an amazing teacher to learn from and an amazing course with a lot of helpful resources!
Very good teaching. Would be great if the Tensorflow homeworks could upgrade to Tensorflow 2
Awesome and in-depth knowledge by Andrew. I bet he is an awesome mentor. Thank you Andrew :)
Introducing some deeper knowledge about the DL framework, like hyperparameter tuning and BN.
Excellent course. For understanding the essential concepts of tuning a deep learning project
Very good information on the different optimizers and strategies for hyper-parameter tuning.
Really helpful to get a general idea of how to tune the hyperparameter! Very clear teaching!
This course was just very great, I found my self very excited to learn. Thanks Sir Andrew Ng
Definitely 5 star ..This teaching is cake walk for newbies and concepts explained very well.
The teacher is awesome and if you are interested in that topic, this course is just perfect.
Got a much better understanding of the hyperparameters! Great job on explaining the details.
Gained knowledge on various techniques of hyper parameter tuning. Good intro to Tensor Flow.
Course is good for a beginner goes from basics to advanced with practice assignments as well
i am galde to finish this course and i am very interested to continue to complet all courses
Very good course! Optimization helps a lot. And there is no error in grading in this course.
Great course for building intuition about one of the most essential skills in deep learning.
Excellent refinement of the neural net basics presented in Course 1.  Very effective course.
This is a very useful course for anyone interested in improving its deep learning skill set.
Overall good!If could add dropout ,L2 homework support for tensor flow ,that would be better
This course is a must study because fine-tuning models is way important in machine-learning.
Really helped build my understanding and intuition for how hyperparameters affect NN models.
The course is getting interesting as the real world applications and the frameworks flow in.
The content is very intersting and inspiring. Thanks to the instructors and TAs' great work!
Good coverage of topics for hyperparameters and clear explanations of their usage and tuning
Good content and the hands-on assignments helped a lot to get more insight about the course
very well explained hyperparameter tuning, optimization in low level as well as  tensorflow
Great course, i'm really impressed with all the math underpinning such beautiful algorithms
Great Course to get an in-depth knowledge about hyperparameters and optimization techniques
Nice course to understand hyperparameter tuning in neural nets. Good practical information.
Lots of hyperparameters to deal with, but no need to worry until Andrew Ng sir is with you.
A good step-up of difficulty from the first course, I'm going to finish this Specialization
The coarse is well structured a so great.I enjoyed a lot.Thank you for this amazing coarse.
Excellent course!  Learned much more than the one Neural Networks university course I took.
Very Intuitive and well explained. Extremely helpful strategies listed for training models.
Very good course! The intuitions and motivations of key concepts are very clearly explained
It is helpful for me to improve effiency of deep neural network.Thank Andraid ng very much.
So much I learned from this course in such a condensed and short period of time...thanks!!!
very nice extension to the first course. Built up in an easy to follow and interpret manner
Offers good insight in Neural Networks, Training & introduction to a framework - TensorFlow
Really awesome, get to know basic understanding of parameters, regularisation and many more
Good course especially the way Andrew Explain Basics and makes complex concepts so simple.
One of the best courses on improving performance and structurally choosing hyperparameters
It was amazing Learn how Neural Network works and how to use a framework to program easily
It would have been more nice to get detailed implementation for hyperperameter tuning etc.
Best course ever for anyone who is seeking knowledge of Neural Networks and deep learning.
Well balanced course structure assisted with good programming assignments. I just love it.
For an online course, its very insightful on how we can speed up Deep Learning algorithms.
Great course. You learn a lot on optimization and normalization techniques and tensorflow.
Appreciate so much more the core essentials of applying common optimizations to NN models.
Interesting,fascinating! But I hope more space to get in application and the art of coding
Learning quickly from very well thought out and put together lectures by Prof. Ng and team
very practical course.... although hyperparameter tuning could be explained in more detail
Thank Professor Ng for teaching us with such as a well-organized and very unique contents.
An excellent course with practical applications on how to do better hyper-parameter tuning
Invaluable to understand the practical specifics of hyperparameter tuning and optimization
Very nice course. Gives a real world perspective into optimization of deep learning models
Thanks again for the great tutorials and the learning experiences!  Thoroughly enjoyed it!
Thanks to deeplearning.ai for this nice couse, really learned a lot and good for beginner.
Awesome course. Improving the Deep Neural Network performance is explained so intuitively.
This course content is structured so well that you would almost never refer anything else.
very useful; i like the programming assignment which is well structured and well explained
It is a great course to learn in-depth details of deep learning concepts. I learned a lot.
I wish I could learn more about Tensorflow. But anyway, this course is already good enough
Excellent course. Provide a lot of useful tips to find the the optimal way to train a DNN!
More programming exercises for Tensorflow may be advantageous from learning point of view.
This course offers immediately usable advice for improving performance of neural networks.
Programming assignment is well-designed  to help me understand new concept;great course!!!
Wonderfully structured course! Thanks a lot for your efforts to democratize Deep Learning.
Thanks for the great course! But I think the usage of Tensorflow v1 is a problem in 2020.
The optimization algorithms are very effective. The teacher explained clearly and easily.
This is a great course, most of the content isn't available in books or in other courses.
High quality Course, I have learnt a lot about optimization and deep learning frameworks.
Great course to understand the bolts and nuts to build a proper optimized neural network.
The professor Andrew is the best, learn with him is the best way to learn deep learnning.
Very interesting topics. Good explantion. The introduction to tensorflow should be softer
Great explanations on some of the complex tunings with detailed practical in assignments.
Great introduction to practical aspects of tuning and optimizing a deep learning network.
This course guides you through the details required to finetune your learning algorithms.
Through this course, I can handle so many problems with the help of Deep Neural Networks.
Excellent way to understand and fix real time issues faced during tuning neural networks.
Great course for building a fundamental understanding of how to tune Deep Neural Networks
Great stuff!!! the tensorflow assignment could be improved on but overall I learned a lot
This course is especially good to give me a solid understanding of building a nn workflow
well-organized. I can tell that Ng and the TA's spent a lot of time to make it excellent.
awesome!!! I have an interview and most interview questions are included in the lectures!
this is also good if you want to know detailed technique to tune your deep learning model
An excellent follow through to the course 1 in the specialization. Couldn't ask for more!
I love the way Andrew teaches this course so much. Easy to get through all the key points
Great course that helps you build your knowledge gradually. Andrew Ng is a great teacher.
Thanks for adding assignment in TensorFlow that gives new direction to learn more into it
The course is awsome. I have learn a lot specially how to think a solution for a problem.
Great overview for a lot of hyper parameters, regularization and optimization techniques
Once again this course is amazing and it really helps me for improving the NN. Thank you
Was interesting to learn some important things like tuning hyperparameter and Tensorflow
In my opinion, this is one of the most important courses of Deep Learning Specialization
This course was difficult after being away from the material for a while, but I made it.
Found no other course which deals with improving DNN in such depth and organized manner.
Thanks great! But the slides for the downloads are not always exactly the same as shown.
Detail explanation and programming assignment for review are really helpful.  Thank you.
Highly valuable insights and amazing teaching style.  I will likely go back to this one.
very good content on Hyperparameter tuning , regularization ,Optimization and tensorflow
finishing the courses, I learned how to tune hyperparameters and basic use of tensorflow
Wonderful Course! I learnt Many Great Skills for Play with Deep Learning and Tensorflow!
Very interesting & userful course, but I would like to see more programming assignments.
A basic programming exercise (optional or mandatory)  purely on Tensors will really help
The course contains all the basic to know work with neural network and how to perfect it
Excellent Andrew, easy to comprehend, focus on relevant information, valuable exercises.
Excellent detail, and the introduction to Tensor Flow it is really amazing in symplicity
Gave me a good understanding of the more intricate parts of building an effective model.
Thanks for great lecture. I really appreciate it and definitely going on to next course.
I learned a lot of tricks in hyper-parameter tuning. Very helpful for real applications!
Thanks a lot for the financial aid. Hope Coursera will grow larger and larger in future.
The TensorFlow parts need more explanation in my opinion. But the other parts are great!
Amazing course but could use better video explanations and should provide more resources
The way Dr Ng puts the match together makes deep learning look very easy. Great teacher.
Hands on and clear, this class will help to understand the more practical aspects of NN.
The usage of each optimizer is clear enough so that I can apply it without any library.
Excellent course. Very well prepared to guide the apprentice in concepts and practices.
Great explanation about Hyperparameter tunning and tensorflow presentation was stunning
On point approach to turn NN into customizable models for several use cases. Thank you!
wonderful contents, to the point descriptions, short but deep and thorough explanation.
Very important subject for deep neural network, thanks Andrew for excellent explanation
The course tells us about how can we improve accuracy by taking care of hyperparameters
very well conducted course. andrews helped me to understand  the concepts pretty nicely
Love intro to tf. But I still hope there was the keras way of doing these - as in tf2.0
Really a very interesting course. Got me even more curious and involved into the topic.
Amazing course taught by amazing instructors. I feel hugely indebted to my instructors.
This course was exponentially better and more informative than the previous. Thank you!
Great course!!!Really thorough with adequate examples to understand the concepts needed
Simple breakdowns of hard concepts and building intuition from ground up. Great Course!
Though a little more complex for a Python beginner like me, I find it easy to follow :)
Excellent information on improving networks. Real ground up understanding very helpful.
This course gives lots of useful method to improve NN in detail, and easy to understand
It has been an honor to learn from one of the leading experts in AI. Thank you, Prof.Ng
This course makes very real the somewhat theoretical concepts seen in the first course.
very nice course, worth spending time and money if you want to make your concepts clear
Excellent course with attention to detail and good balance between theory and practise.
Very well structure course, the practice session and the videos are very nice oriented.
This course is really awesome. It makes us learn the nuts and bolts of neural networks.
great presentation of the material, clear explanations, engaging instructor: brilliant!
great course with adequate exercises. it really helps me get started in the field of dl
straight to the point, very natural on the explanations and the maths. Very applicable
very good courses , i am very satisfied, thank you Mr Andrew NG for this wanderful job
The best course to get into the field of improving neural networks.Thank you very much
Great course to learn the fundamentals of the Hyperparameter tuning and Regularization
Really good and fun course with all concepts explained in a well and intuitive manner.
Great overview with good practice problems. I never felt overwhelmed during the class.
A lot of help. The only thing is that the programming assignment is not enough for me.
Loved this course, goes into details and helps you develop intuition into how NN work.
Awesome. It gives a lot insights for hoe to tune deep NN through an empirical process.
Very usefull for adquiring metodology on tunning parameters of a deep learning network
This is one the best courses. The use of Hyperparameters and tuning is best explained.
Very clearly explained, covers the underpinnings of a lot of the most used algorithms.
I learned a lot from this course. Thank you so much for offering such thorough course.
very good. maybe a bit more of a deep dive than I was expecting, but great nonetheless
Really cool mooc, learned new ML theory and had a chance to implement it from scratch!
Super practical and easy to learn. Great activities and quizzes. I love these courses!
It is good to cover many techniques with great details. I feel I learnt a lot from it!
very good course! It help me to know how to speed up training and tune hyperparameters
Practical advice! One needs to dig into the project to find how useful this course is.
Very good overview for nn optimization and hyperparameter tuning! Easy to follow along
Priceless advises and techniques! May thanks for Andrew and the rest of the TA team!!!
If you want understand the nuts associated with NN and Deep Learning.. this is for you
The best consolidation to date of best practices to improve your Deep Learning models.
Very nice explanation of applied deep learning concepts. Great work Andrew & Team...!!
This course gives some of the important techniques to increase performance of a model.
Amazing course and introduction to concepts specific to deep learning. Really like it.
Excellent course, dives deep enough to get the insight whats happening with each knob.
Awesome, the GD optimization techniques and introduction to TF were imo the best part.
Very good course to go depper in understanding deepm learning improovement techniques.
Very well designed course. Now I feel confident about various optimization algorithms.
Very informative, I have finally understand ADAM, RMSprop after this course, thanks !!
The course is illuminating ,  but the assignment is too easy to consolidate knowledge.
I think I got used to Andrew's Class and it become much understandable once you adapt
The comments in jupyter notebook are very well written to explain the code and tasks.
It would be better to have more assignments where we have to do everything on our own
Great job at explaining hyperparameter tuning, mini-batch gradient descent, and more!
It is a remarkable course for a beginner to learn optimization and code in TensorFlow
Thank you Mr. Ng, for these great insights and intuitive understanding! Learnt a lot!
In one sentence, I can say its a really well organized and exceptionally well course.
Well explained and the programming assignments are the best. Learnt a lot. Thanks Sir
I HAVE LEARNED HOW IMPORTANT HYPERPARAMETERS  TUNING, REGULARIZATION AND OPTIMIZATION
Great learnings from this course specially on the optimizations. Glad to do this one.
Great Course on tuning hyperparameters. Addition of Tensorflow was great and helpful.
Very well explained. Assignment covers almost all type of problems taught in lecture.
Great course that has thought me a lot about building practical deep learning models.
I loved this course. It was very in depth and helped me understand a lot of concepts.
Nice descent course and it helps a lot for either my personal interest and my career.
It's great to know how to adjust hyperparameters and make my NN work more efficiently
Best course to understand the effect of different hyper parameters on model accuracy.
Topic covered in this course will really help data scientist to improve ones DL model
Very good content and teaching approach! Already recommended the course to my friend!
This is the best course for people who are studying Deep Learning for the first time.
Really liked TensorFlow programming framework. Wish we can cover deeper in TendorFlow
Excellent course providing the details on how deep learning networks can be optimized
Really good exposure to practical application as well as machine learning frameworks.
The course covers some key aspects of implementation of algorithms for deep learning.
This course is very well designed and provides a comprehensive review of the subject.
As good as the first course in the specialization, Neural Networks and Deep Learning.
Great course! I really love Andrew's teaching method, and the programming assignment.
Very intuitive and well explained... I highly recommand...Thanks for the amazing job!
Excellent mix of theoretical and practical.  I will use this to solve real problems.
Gives a lot of intuition to problems that are commonly occurring in machine learning
One of the best courses on Deep Learning available here. Thank you to Andrew Ng Sir.
An amazing course. Can't wait to explore the other courses under this specialization
Great course to go through some practical aspects of building a deep neural network!
great course,homeworks were kinda easy but the overall content was great. thank you.
Really loved working through the programming assignments and validating my learning.
The lectures are awesome, bu think the exercise need some more polish and more depth
this course gives a good knowledge about hyperparameters  and tenserflow. I like it.
Wish class had textbook instead of videos. Would like to keep documentation on this.
Learned a lot of thing on neural net in this course.Excellent teaching by Andrew Ng.
We better understand what is behind tensorflow after following this lesson.Thank you
I'm truly saying that this professor has an amazingly soft/pleasant way of teaching.
Brilliant course to understand Neural Networks with great practical focus!Thank you!
Very useful guidelines to achieve successful results developing Deep Neural Networks
Great course! It helped me a lot about the parameter settings to train the networks.
The information for a practitioner that Dr. Ng provides in this course is priceless.
Programming assignments were too good. Very informative. Clearly explained concepts
Very Good course. It provides deeper knowledge on fine tuning the hyper parameters.
Wow this is a amazing course series. Looking forward to complete next three as well
Well structured. Covers key concepts well. Overall, Great course! Well Done Andrew!
Thank you Andrew NG, I felt a research type of energy after completing this course.
Sir. Andrew Ng simplifies difficult topics and help you understand them. Thank you.
Thank you Coursera I am thankful to you Andrew and all team members of this course.
very helpful course. Hope there could be more exercises on tuning hyper parameters.
Great course . I like learning how to using the deeplearning frame work at the end!
Very important course to make knowledge from the first course much deeper! Awesome!
Great course! Really helps to further deepen your understanding of neural networks.
Provides a very interesting set of techniques to accelerate learning on a Deep Net.
Second great course in this specialization. Especially the exercises are top notch!
great teacher. very logical and methodical good complement to Andrew's other course
Very good introductory course. As usual Prof NG explains the concepts very lucidly
Excellent course! I finally understood normalization and regularization in deep NN
Very helpful course in advancing ahead in Neural Network and clear cut explanation
The best course you will ever find for optimization and regularization techniques.
Course is really helpful. I will definitely recommend my friends to go through it.
Love the programming assignments and the autograder! The feedback is super useful!
This course fills many important gaps from the first course in the specialization.
Great course to learning about optimizing techniques for deep learning algorithms!
Really wonderful course on Hyperparameter tuning, Regularization and Optimization.
This course provided very practical skills in training deep network which is great
In my opinion this course is the most important course in the whole specialization
It is worth watching again and again. So many good illustrations in deep learning.
very useful ,i can use the skills in practice.make me understand the theory deeply
A very well curse, For me the information of batch normalization is very important
Very useful insights on hyperparameter tuning and great introduction to Tensorflow
Another excellent course.. learned what hyper parameters were as well as epochs..!
It was great to have Batchnormalization and Adam optimization explained in detail.
learn how to tune the whole model and start to learn tensorflow! five star coures!
Great Course. I learn a lot and it has been a great investment this specialization
very explicit course for hyperparameter tuning for practical application based DL
Andrew's lecture are vivid~ And the weekly assignments are really helpful for me!
It was a very good course, with good explanation of each parameters in each video
The programming assignment should be updated. Pytorch framework can be used here.
Brilliant undoubtedly, felt nice to get my first hand on experience on Tensorflow
Provided a lot of insightful explanation to hard concepts from a intuitive level.
Amazing teacher! Definitely recommend to people wanting to learn Machine learning
I learned things that I did not know before. I am enjoying learning new concepts.
Finally a course that explains Adam Optimizer, and it's not a black box ! Thanks!
Clear explanations and very solid exercises helped me to understand new concepts.
Very useful knowledge for understanding different parts of modern NN optimization
Simply fantastic. This second course of the specialization continues to amaze me!
learnt many practical aspects for DL hyperparameter tuning.Don't skip this course
In this course, I was able to make my knowledge of hyperparameters become deeper.
Great course ! Lot of things covered. Expecting more on the Tensorflow Framework.
Nice course for getting an overview about hyperparameter tuning for deep learning
Great course, clear explanations and examples base on the real life applications.
Right course to learn working and implementation details of Deep Neural Networks.
It was nice lecture and I had learned about Improving Deep Neural Networks skills
Just excellent...many practical aspects of training a good model has been taught.
Very clear and systematic, goes through all the fundamental information one needs
Very well organized course. It gives you a good introduction to this broad field.
Many benefites for me although i have been working in the CV and DL for some days
It will be better if there are more tensorflow contenct and unsupervised learning
Enjoyed the course. Learned a ton. I will surely try concepts learned from here.
Great course like the first one and Great instructor. I really enjoy the course.
Great Course. Helped me learn many important concepts about Deep Neural Networks
Week 1 was bit difficult to catch up. But the it was as good as previous course.
A very detailed and in-depth explanation of the various optimization techniques.
Extremely helpful course in getting insights into working of Deep neural network
The lectures are excellent. Very detailed. I was bale to take really good notes.
It really helped me to understand how can I improve the performance of my model.
Absolutely insightful from the perspective of optimizing a NN. Thanks Andrew NG!
Great way to know internal workings of Neural Networks. Very clear fundamentals.
Great Intuitions! On e of the best experiences of online leanings. Thx Coursera!
A great and very beginner friendly course to understand optimization techniques.
Very useful skills for implementing neural nets after you understand the basics.
As always it was a great experience learning from the very best in the business.
Excellent material. Clearly a lot of effort has been put on making this courses.
These courses gives a new aspect of life. I gained lots of valuable information.
Very thorough explanation about the hyperparameters and optimization techniques.
Andrew Ng always makes difficult concepts easy to understand! Thank you so much!
Easy way to understand the optimization algorithms and the TensorFlow framework.
A helpful course about how to fine tune the hyperparameters of neural networks !
Andrew Ng is really an excellent teacher, perfect pace and great course overall!
Thank you for clarifying the most relevant techniques for improving the methods.
can't wait for the 5th course to come out so i can complete this awesome series!
Great Course. Especially Week 3 and the Introduction to Deep Learning Frameworks
Andrew's courses are the best in the Coursera universe. Great job and thank you.
Really great greattttt course. I learnt how to tunne algorithm deep learning...
Excellent course on Hyper parameter optimization and introduction to Tensorflow
Similar to the review to the first course it is the best course on the subject.
A great course to learn the depths of deep learning. Really enjoyed the course.
Great teaching by Andrew Ng. Learnt a lot and I feel confident to implement it.
best course for the beginners in machine learning. would recommend very highly.
A very interesting course that touches more and more at real life applications.
Best course for learning how to tune the hyperparameters in the neural networks
Very important course for great practical tips on implementing neural networks.
Best Course for learning hyperparameter tuning, Regularization and Optimization
Very important course for understanding hyper parameter tuning and optimization
Still mostly theory & coding practices are handheld but I really appreciate it.
Very good and intuitive explanation of tuning nn and regularization. Thank you!
I think more reading material available online for tensorflow would have helped
Excellent teaching makes the subject materials come to life and understandable.
Course was awesome and The tensorflow programming assignment was the best part.
It explains all hyperparameter tuning in detail.  Once again Thank you Andrew..
A good course with so many insights and techniques. Thanks Andrew and the team!
Good course. Detailed explanation of Hyperparameter tuning, Regularization meth
I learn a lot from this course. It helps me improve my skills in deep learning.
Covers a wide range of practical tips on building and improving neural network.
Gained insight into many things like Batch Normalization and L2 regularization!
Very informative course !  Instructors did full justification with the course.
This is really awesome, I have learned a lot. Very nice programming exercieses
everything became clear at the assignment part . Thanks for this course Andrew
Very informative course, building on the foundations of the first course. 5/5!
This was an excellent course in helping me design neural networks objectively.
It was a great course and helped me a lot to get started with Neural Networks.
Another excellent course! The material is incredibly rewarding. Great teacher!
A very good training for Regularization and how to deal with Bias and Variance
Programming assignments were a little too easy, but the material is fantastic.
Teaches some basic concepts every ML programmer should know in a practical way
Great job describing the solutions and then presenting how the solutions work!
Thank you for your lectures. It's very very interesting and easy to understand
Great course on basic NN material, with useful implementation principles/tips.
At the top. There is no rating that can justify the content. Thank you Mr. NG.
Content is organized brilliantly  and teaching methodology instills confidence
This great course will give you strategies you may spent several year to know.
In some cases practical insights are more important than the theoretical ones.
This was very informative course, please keep the content reachable afterwards
This course is really helping me getting better on understanding deeplearning.
This was less mathematical, and more code-oriented course than the one before.
Excellent course. I would recommend it for anyone interested in deep learning!
This course helped me in improving my knowledge so far about Deep Neural Nets.
Best ever Deep Learning MOOC ever take. Well explained and easy to understand.
Andrew Ng's teaching style is so simple and understandable.Thank you, Andrew!
Really complex and challenging but very enjoyable course with great learning.
Excellent course to understand what hyperparameters are and how to tune them!
really a wonderful session in depth with each and every concept with examples
Excellent Material and very nicely organized and delivered by the instructor!
Excellent course. Covers all the promised topics succinctly and with clarity.
Nicely Explained! Great course for those who have started with Deep Learning.
High-quality content. Very well organized and topics and detailed discussions
Great course on Hyper parameter tuning with all the low level details needed.
if assignment is tf v2, it would be better.however, I am glad to practice tf.
Great opportunity to see the difference various optimization techniques make.
Great Course!! This course should be part of every deep learning career path.
Another well-taught course. Cant wait to complete more in the specialization.
Amazing session and all the details and calculations are perfectly explained.
It was very fun and educative, I can't wait to learn more on the next course.
Still I couldn't check the videos I watched from my tablet when I was offline
Lovely course, introduced me to TensorFlow. Andrew NG is amazing as per usual
I got to understand a lot of key concepts, and my vocabulary in AI increased.
Really Effective Course.Just made me realize how much more there is to learn!
Excellent material! Very well structured and organized. Thanks, great course!
I learnt many things about tuning process and the maths behind those methods.
This is the first time that I really learned tensorflow well. Thanks so much.
got must learn techniques for engineering and realizing real world use cases.
Interesting content, good insights, finally on to the programming frameworks!
Great course. Provides practical information that can be applied immediately.
Andrew sir  is a hero sent down from God to teach you anything and everything
Thanks very much to my teacher. The series very good to learn Deep Learning.
Great course! A little more practice/programming assignments would be great!
Best Ever course which I have took as a part of deep learning specialization
Beautifully explained the concepts this course has enhanced my understanding
Good course overall. I would have liked to know about more techniques though
More tensorFlow would be nice, great course honestly great work on intutions
Important to understand the influence of hyperparameters on every algorithm.
I've learned a lot and appreciate for all the efforts Professor Ng has done.
Thank you for the best lecture. I learned a lot about hyperparameter tuning.
The course is useful, but there is some confusing mistake in some notebooks.
I enjoyed my learning experience throughout this course! Highly recommended.
Daunting material to go through, but massively important and well explained!
One of the best courses on the internet for tuning your deep neural network.
Very good course. Make it easier to understand optimization of deep learning
Its really very helpful. Thank you Andrew Sir and his team. You are awesome.
Very nice class. I am getting lots of good ideas on optimization in general.
In-depth and easy to understand material on a very complex topic. Well done!
It is invaluable to learn the Adam Optimazation Algorithm and how to use it.
Great course! A very difficult subject, beautifully explained. Bravo Andrew!
Great course, it covers the details of building neural networks really well.
Amazing intuitions for complex theories. Thank you Professor and Coursera :)
I gained an intuitive understanding of the different optimization techniques
Very good course. A little bit more practice with TensorFlow will be better.
This course is an absolute must for every aspiring AI engineers out there !
Very well explained, touched all concepts in depth and explained with time.
The course content was definitely great and the professor is also the best.
This course gives me a lot of knowledge about improving Deep Neural Network
Learnt a lot re: tuning of hyperparams, optimization algos, and tensorflow.
Again... it was a great course. I`m exited to go on leaning congratulation.
Excellent course for understanding optimization issues for the DL NN model.
He is the great instructor. He can explain difficult things to become easy.
Really good course for practical purpose... Many concepts I learn from here
This was an awesome course thanks Andrew NG for this wonderful explaination
Clear explenation of steps, both technical and conceptual. Clear exercises.
The exercises are well focussed and they have good guidelines to solve them
Andrew presents the concepts in a very easy to understand way. Learnt a lot
very good as the first course in this track, will continue working on this.
Excellent course! Really glad the final assignment incorporated TensorFlow.
Highly recommended to take before even look at TensorFlow or other packages
This course resume several years of experience practicing Machine Learning.
It's great step, as usual intuitions and assignments are top notch to help.
I enjoyed the course very much and learned some tricks I didn't know in DL.
There is so much information that I would not be able to get anywhere else
It was a really insightful course, which explained the features very well.
This was a great experience. Learned a lot. Thank you for this opportunity
Really good and clear explanation of concepts and thanks to  Andrew NG sir
excellent course gives best experience for the practical as well as theory
Great course with a lot of hand-on exercises... Great TensorFlow module...
Thank you Andrew. This course does help me learn more about deep learning!
Was an amazing course. There are few mistakes in final exercise of week 3.
It's very useful with great insight on how to improve Deep Neural Networks
I like tensor flow assignment very much.Overall the learning is very good.
Great course on Deep Learning. Thank you very much Andrew NG and Coursera.
i think the systematic method for hyperparameter tuning was the best part!
Thank you so much for this course. It's been really insightful and helpful
Very good course to understand the nuts and bolts behind the deep learning
very elegant course, with nicely structured assignments and study material
improved my knowledge and thinking abilities about hyperparameters tunning
Very helpful in understanding how to tune networks to improve performance.
This course is valuable for my implementation of deep learning  algorithm!
The practice are super helpful to my understanding of the mathy materials.
Great course. Had to wait until the end for the best part with Tensorflow.
This course is better than the previous ones.. So much to learn from this!
As a master student major in computer science, this course helps me a lot.
Great nuanced information that is not covered well in many online courses.
Hyperparameter tuning is a useful to for optimization of machine learning.
Great like the rest of the specialization - Also great intro to TensorFlow
The course helped me to learn a lot. I am grateful for the course. Thanks.
Excellent add on to the first course "Deep Learning and Neural Network"...
Again Andrew is rocking and giving you some useful tips in deep learning.
As always, you can expect a high quality course from Professor Andrew Ng.
The techniques discussed are easy to follow & intuitive most of the times
It was a very good course. It has also help me to increase my confidence.
Excellent foundations, tips and hands-on excercises for parameter tuning!
Awesome Course , just loving this Coursera and Sir Andrew Ng at his best.
Awesome course_by one of the best faculty in the field of Neural networks
Excellent course. Practical without much compromise on theoretical depth.
excellent and useful Course , thank you from Andrew NG  and your Coursera
Another great course for furthering what was covered in Specialisation 1!
I've learned lot of knowledge about Deep Neural network from this course.
Very addictive course. A lot of fun. Prof. Andrew Ng is just outstanding.
Tensorflow I will to use @ instead of tf.matmul but failed in grading....
Great learning experience. I'm going to keep going. I want to learn more.
Very good. I've improved my knowledge in understanding and tuning! Thanks
Extremely useful summary of techniques. Well structured and to the point.
Amazing experience,Andrew really is a great teacher!. Highly recommended.
Great course, It really helped me understand how to regularize my project
Great course that teaches you techniques for optimizing deep neural nets!
very informative course,tuning of parameters taught in good point of view
a great course to learn practical skill of building a deep neural network
Excellent course on the more technical issues of tuning a Neural Network.
Awesome course covering key aspects of deep learning. Thank you AndrewNG.
Outstanding again. Great complement of course 1 for practical application
A great course to learn how to tune the hyperparameters of nerual network
Great overview of the important hyperparameters function of deep learning
Thank you Pr. Andrew and the whole team. That was a beautiful experience.
Excellent course with really good explanation of basics of deep learning.
Excellent course material, programming assignments are very well guided!
Really useful introduction to frameworks hyperparameters and other stuff
Excellent course for software engineers to gain Deep Learning knowledge.
Good. The teacher is really good. I hope that he can teach more courses!
This course is so perfect that I don't have enough words to describe it!
I loved this course it taught me so much I have been wondering for years
very interesting course , deepens the concepts about deep neural network
A big Thank you to Sir Andrew Ng and his team for this wonderful course.
Best Course for understanding what exactly goes under the Neural Network
Perfect chapter on Hyperparameter and other optimization way for our NN.
Extremely useful, course, as all other courses in the series. Thank you!
good introduction for hyperparameter tuning, covers nearly every aspects
Thank you Andrew Ng!!!! for giving me a big chance to learn these things
Must-have class if you are in deep learning area!!!Thanks a lot, Andrew!
NICE COURSE!It takes my a lot of time, but it indeed deserve our effort!
Awesome course to learn how to work with hyperparameters the proper way.
Basic concepts for tuning hyperparameters learned in practical examples.
Such a wonderful course, no one can the material simpler than Andrew Ng.
the course gives me many knowledge of how to tune my deep neural network
Very good course! Thanks for well prepared and good structured material.
The tips can help a lot to improve the performance of the NN algorithms.
this course gave me better understanding of many concept in deepLearning
Finally got to understand how to use TensorFlow. This is powerful stuff!
Great!! Suggestion: Should left more for us to write in the assignments.
A dense course packed with useful techniques on how to fine tune your NN
This is the best course interms of tuning and selecting hyperparameters
Simply its the best course to understand how to make your model better.
Great course to understand the hyperparameters for Deep Neural Networks
Great flow of the course and materials. I hoped it to be Tensorflow 2.x
Got to learn various Optimization Algorithms and the use of Tensor Flow
interactive nature of learning and implementing makes the course great.
Teaches the maths and how to implement the important parts from scratch
A well-created course. A must course for all deep learning enthusiasts.
A great buildup on the first course, Very good explanation of concepts!
This is a great overview of how to optimize neural network performance.
Very clear explanation. Carefully designed practices. Wonderful Course!
Great course, great lecturer! The interview sections are great as well!
Best course for understanding tuning of parameters and hyperparameters.
it is a very good follow-up of the first course on deep neural networks
i like the way of teaching and we want courses of AI from andrew ng sir
The autosave often failed, which caused me to rework on my programming.
Great lessons and assignments. Feels very competent. Thank you so much.
Appreciate the clear explanations and thoroughness of all your courses.
Fantastic course. Andrew Ng teaches this stuff better than anyone else.
We missed some questions at the end of each lesson. Andrew is awesome!!
Thanks sir Andrew for sharing your experiences! It saves us many years!
The Tensor Flow v1 programming assignment should be replaced by v2 one
Best course for researchers, Msc Phd students. Thanks for your effords
Very instructive, to learn low-level tecniques for ML usually not seen
It was a useful course but would appreciate more details on Batchnorms
An excellent course covering all the basics and required explanations.
This course, as part of Deep Learning specialization, is simply great.
Great practice to get hands on programming skills in machine learning!
Very well organized and delivered in a fantastic way by Professor Ng !
great course! super practical. you learn how to actually work with DNN
Prof Ng is awesome!  Teaching you the details of how NN work, and why.
Really Helpful for strengthening the basics of hyper-parameter tuning.
Great explanation on Hyperparameters, Regularization and Optimization.
Excellent. May just as well be the benchmark for all Coursera courses.
Excellent course, providing a great start in practicing deep learning.
Well organized and clearly explained. I finally understand tensorflow.
Several important techniques about tuning hyper-parameters were learnt
Andrew Ng does a GREAT job of breaking things down and making it easy.
Very very useful and efficient course for starting actual DL projects.
Fantastic coverage of hyperparameter tuning in a deep learning context
Practical with lots of helpful tips. Very nice intuitive explanations.
It would be better to introduce other frameworks as optional material.
This course gets in depth for deep learning based on the first course.
Awesome course... Please continue making courses.. Thank you so much..
Very interesting stuff indeed. Mostly Regularization and Optimization.
Clear thought, detailed instructions and practical homeworks as usual.
Brilliant course. Helps get you running in this really exciting field.
Great overview on how to improve the neural networks learning process.
Its a great experience to make an entry with deep learning frameworks.
Excellent course. I will look forward for an update on tensorflow 2.0
Probably the most useful course i've ever had. Thanks a lot Andrew NG
Perfect if you want to know what's happening behind the frameworks:-)
Gained some pretty strong basics in Optimization algos, tuning etc...
A nice combination of theory and hands-on practice for improving DNN.
Another excellent course, well taught and great programming exercises
It was an excellent course, I have learnt a lot through this course..
Thnaks Andrew!! You keep on inspire us through your indepth knowledge
Very well detailed and interesting course. develops a lot of interest
A good overview on hyperparameters optimization. Good intuitions too.
Great techniques on how to improve the performance of your algorithm!
Fue un curso muy interesante e enriquecedor, Very much thanks for it.
Got a little challenging but helped in learning alot of new concepts.
amazing course. Andrew Ngs teaching and course material is very good.
It was one the best experiences I had with coursera and learnt alooot
Good course for learning about DL projects and programming frameworks
Great course, easy to understand with enough programming instructions
Shallow dive in practice. Great starting point! Thank you, Andrew !!!
The homeworks (programming assignments) are a little bit an overkill.
I liked the Framework choice as TensorFlow  and the project was nice!
Give some good practices in optimizing neural network implementation.
Right balance between details and speed at which course is conducted.
wonderful lecture! Gained so much from this lecture, thanks you guys!
Learnt a lot in the course. Nice to be introduced to tensor flow too.
A wide and deep explanation of the most important improvements for NN
Looking forward to Convolutional Neural Networks and Sequence Models.
Learned a lot about hyperparameter tuningA good start for tensorflow!
Great course, and in depth information about Hyper parameters tuning.
As usual, impeccable teaching from Andrew - still the leader in MOOCs
A well designed course to get deep intuitions about deep learning ;D
Excellent course to have in depth knowledge in tuning hyperparameter
It was very handful approach toward optimization of neural networks.
Great course!  I have learned skills and how to perform TsensorFlow.
Good course for learning about the optimisation of a neural network.
Excellent course for learning basics of Hyperparameter optimization!
Well structured course. it contains the essentials for deep learning
Another awesome course by Andrew! BIG Thanks to Andrew and his team.
A+. Very good and useful course to learn about optimizations in DNN.
Great course, I have learned a lot throughout  programming exercise.
Hard going sometimes but I'm beginning to understand more about NNs.
This course make me understand the tuning of parameters much better.
One of the best curses on Hyperparameters,Regularization and others.
Very good! Now i know what tensorflow is and will use it in my work.
Expected more items on tensorflow. However, its satisfactory enough.
Great material, notebooks really detailed, enjoyed the entire course
Enjoyable coverage of further optimization techniques and Frameworks
Awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I will recommend it to my classmates.
great content for the price of dinner! Thank you Andrew and staff!!!
Enjoyed the course thoroughly - very clear explanations of concepts.
Great class with excellent explanations.  Labs are fun and relevant.
It is so excited to learn with so many people. See you in next part.
Excellent lectures and exercises. Great introduction to TensorFlow.
This courser is very good for someone who learn the neural network.
Excellent Course for deep learning and neural network optimization.
that is cool material for me talk about part of basic deep learning
Excellent content. Great insights in the working of a deep network.
Always the best material from Prof. Ng. I can't recommend it enough
It's a quite good course. I boost me after each and every tutorial.
I was  a great learning experience thanks team and specially Andrew
Learned a lot about the neural networks and optimization techniques
Keep EducatingThank You for giving me a chance to enroll the course
Would be 6 stars if he talked about neural architecture search too!
A great deal of practical advice and methodology.   Great Lectures.
I got some guidelines to start tuning parameters on my own network.
Very helpful course for starter in machine learning and Tensorflow!
The best course on hyperparameters with every detail well explained
Some of the numbers in the programming assignments are out of date.
Full of useful content and really well explained. Thank you Andrew.
Great course! Learned tons of things about how to improve ML models
Very good explanation on possible problems and how to address them.
Really helpful, especially concepts of Transfer/Multi-task learning
Very good tips and systematic way to tune and diagnose your network
Great tips as well as insights about how to training better models.
Super awesome lectures and homework material.  I learned sooo much.
As usual , great content and intuitive explanations. Thanks Dr.Ng !
The housework is very helpful in understanding the lecture content.
Concept explanation is very good and complex topics are dealt well.
Very good. Would have appreciated an even deeper dive in TF though.
A seemingly difficult topic very good and understandable explained!
Fantastic Course as usual with Professor Andrew NG.Congratulations!
Very good to learn tensorflow and some new optimization algorithms.
Relly cool, but maybe we should implement the batchnorm (FP and BP)
Enlightening course on how to improve your deep learning algorithm
A great transition from the first course. I strongly recommend it.
Best course for deep learning as it explains in a very simple way.
These courses are helping me a lot in learning about deep learning
Amazing courses with dedicated assignments that are sooooo coool !
I learned a lot of things  in this course, thank you, prof, Andrew
The course is good and teach very high level concepts very easily.
I love how the professor explains the math behind all the methods.
the lecture is really good, easy to understandHomework is too easy
Great course for introduction to neural networks and deep learning
Exceptionally clear and almost no errors in the training material.
I'm very happy to finish the second course on this specialization!
The presentation is really detailed. Thank you for your teaching!!
Very good experience using tensor flow framework for deep learning
Provides good overview of hyperparameters and methods to tune them
This course is helping me a lot. I am an undergraduate researcher.
Brilliant tutorial- i thoroughly enjoyed studying for this course.
Awesome as expected. Going to complete the entire specialization!!
Thank you for sharing this class, it is so useful and interesting!
Beautifully explained with thorough content. I love these courses.
Learnt a lot about tuning the hyper parameters of a Neural Network
Extremely well organized course. Nicely explained, clear exposure.
A very detailed course for neural network tuning and optimization.
Very interesting and usefull course, easy to follow and understand
Just as the first course in series - excellent introduction to NN.
A well taught course by Andrew Ng; I would recommend it to anyone.
Great balance between theory and practice. Thanks for the lecture.
Very practical and helpful! Thanks for providing such nice course!
Andrew is so clear at explaining difficult concepts. Recommended.
Thank you for the amazing teaching, Prof Andrew Ng! Learnt a lot!
Andrew Ng explanations are detailed and build conceptual clarity.
Amazing course about Deep learning Hyperparameters. Thanks a lot.
Loved the course content and the tensorflow exercise especially !
Another outstanding course. Professor Ng is an excellent teacher!
amazing course, content was really helpful and easy to understand
Great course. Learnt many new things about hyperparameter tuning.
The assignments are great. An intro to tensor flow is appreciated
Easy to follow and very intuitive descriptions of complex topics.
Excellent second course that backs up the first course in tuning.
Nothing new to describe Andrew's course. Great lecture as always.
Really good improving of the skills gotten from the first course.
You wouldn't be able to make a good algorithm without these tips.
as you go on further with the courses things become more clearer.
good for hands on experience and deep understanding on algorithms
The course is great. I studied a lot of knowledge in this course.
Good explanations of some essential technics for model improving.
Quick recipes for good recap of the content. Thank you Andrew Ng.
It was great exploring various ways to improve my neural networks
Great insights and great intro to TensorFlow, really got me going
Another great  course from Andrew. Very  practical for beginners!
Awesome overview, so much to learn, and very carefully presented
Excellent explanation of theory, assignments are really helpful.
the teaching is really precise and amazing very helpful thankyou
Great insight on "rare" local optima in high dimensional spaces.
Gave good insights on the practical aspects of machine learning.
As in part 1, good pace, excellent and comprehensive assignments
great course, refreshed the knowkedge, thanks to andrew and team
The explanation of intuition behind each algorithm is very good.
This course was so useful to my knowledge on improving networks.
Great insight, practical approach. Really helpful course Thanks.
A simple explanation of the basic concepts. Thank you Andrew Ng.
5 stars for the horse picture in the saddle point explanation :D
Very practical content. Good introduction to frameworks as well.
This course helped me a lot in understanding the hyperparameters
get a lot of insight about how to improve my own neural network.
please correct the mistake in the week 3 assignment, placeholder
Wonderful course, it has both theory and implementation details.
great course which helps with more in-depth neural network ideas
Thank you Andrew for this magnificent course and specialization.
well taught course. The way its taught makes the concepts stick.
Very good courses for the learning of DNN optimization problems.
Very practical advice on how to fine tuning your neural networks
Great introduction to hyperparameters adjustment and Tensor flow
Fantastic course. Thank you, Andrew NG and deeplearning.ai team!
Great Course with good fundamentals.More exercises would be nice
A bit less interesting than first one, but still a great course.
It is really great and it help you to get starting to Tensorflow
Great tips for tuning networks and finally know what softmax is!
Introduction of Tensorflow is concise and to the point as usual!
Great intro to tensorflow after learning the underlying concepts
Complicated ideas presented very clearly! Would highly recommend
it helps a lot for me to understand the Neuarl networks! thanks!
Very practical tips and intuitive explanations for these tricks.
hurray!  more good stuff, and nice intro to tensorflow in week 3
Practical knowledge about how to implement a NN that works well.
Excellent mixture - from theory to implementation best practices
You will learn many useful techinics to help you improve you NN.
Clear and informative. Just like Course 1 of the Specialisation.
this course gave me insights on how to tune the model properly.
Best course I have attended ever with lot of learning outcomes.
Got A very good intuition of Hyperparameters and Regularization
Best way of teaching Optimization and regularization techniques
This course helps me a lot to improve my neural network skills.
very useful course and bring insight on how to train parameters
Great explanation like always from Prof. Ng. Thank you so much!
First it was easy but then I really had to start using my brain
Great course but why there is not downloadable PDF with slides?
Very nice course with good material and programming assignments
Complex concepts made simple by building upon using easy steps.
I hope instructors could fix the wrong notation in the lecture.
Nice course> i loved to be a part of it.Just needs lots of time
I especially liked many "intuition"s on deep learning concepts.
Necessary to understand how to use neural networks in practice.
thanks to Andrew, for his shareing of experience in this field.
Hands on learning! Interesting lessons and easy to follow code.
amazing course ! well build and explained thank you very much!
Really helped me build my fundamentals about hyper parameters.
This course is excellent! Every material explained very clear.
Really helps you to understand what is going behind the scene.
Excellent basic introduction to hyper-parameter optimizations.
Well done guys. Great work indeed.Hope to see courses from you
Good way to present the concept and then explain the intuition
this Course is wonderful. I would strongly recommend this one.
Thanks to Andrew and the team for providing such great course!
Andrew is a great teacher, the whole series is almost perfect!
Great overview of optimizing networks and intro to tensorflow.
Great overview of the rules of thumbs to optimize DL NN tuning
Further understanding on deep nn construction and optimization
As expected from Andrew Ng's previous courses, just excellent!
Dismantled the Neural Nets into several understandable blocks.
well planned and excellent method of teaching.Loved the course
Awesome. It is getting serious and more fun as it gets Deeper!
great course to deeply understand the meaning of Deep learning
Easy, thanks for good suggestions and interesting information.
Great course and great tutorials on a deep learning framework.
I will keep taking the following courses given by professor Ng
Excellent start for using TensorFlow and hyperparameter tuning
Excellent introduction to hyperparameter tuning and tensorflow
Great course as usual..excited to complete the specialisation.
In depth theory but i need some more programming explaintion .
Excellent course. This course has no substitute in the market.
Good course to understand the Hyperparameters and Optimization
Great, but gets complex. Which is good, but also difficult! :)
Really great insights and intuition on tuning and optimization
the course is so good but the problem set should be more handy
Anyone who wants to learn Deep learning must take this course.
Amazing course! That explain step by step how to do.Thank you.
Amazing Course, the teaching approach is from shallow to deep.
Great course! good to learn Hyper Parameter to tune Parameter.
Excellent course. Only downside is week3 is in TensorFlow 1.0
Awesome course, Thanks Andrew ng to taught again great topics
Simple, fact full and amazing course. Definitely recommended.
Very good course for Deep Learning revision before interviews
Yet another wonderful course by deeplearning.ai and Andrew Ng
Best course for Hyperparameter tuning of Deep neural network.
Well structured. Maybe too much help on the coding exercizes?
Excellent course. It helps in fine tuning your neural neteork
nice design to clearly show the principle of neural networks.
Thanks for Coursera, I have learned so much from this course!
This course gives excellent in site on Hyperparameter tuning.
The experiences from the teacher will help the starter a lot.
Very insightful. I really enjoyed the programming assingments
I have learned a lot from the course, and I had a lot of fun.
Loved it.  All of the courses in the program are outstanding.
This course, so far is surprisingly useful and well explained
Very practical. Great to get to TensorFlow by the third week.
A great course, suitable for everyone and easy to comprehend!
Learned so much about deep learning optimisation. Amazing !!!
Concepts were presented with an intuitive approach. Awesome !
Good introduction and content for Optimizing Neural Networks.
Very fast. Would not recommend to non maths background people
another amazing class. I really like the whole series so far.
Very good, such a new perspective obtained after this course.
This is awesome but there are some confusing debugging issues
Great course, although we used an old version of TensorFlow.
Great course, but please upgrade the final assignment to TF2
I finally understand how Adam optimizer works. Great course!
Importance notes on how to optimize the Deep Learning model.
It helped me a lot to deeply understand  the neural  network
Excellent course. Helper code still feels a little too much.
Excellent course and very useful introduction to Tensorflow.
The course is awesome.....literally speaking... awesome...!!
Was very easy to follow. Straight-to-the-point instructions!
It helped me to gain deeper understanding of neural network.
Amazing course. Put in a lot of work for this one. Loved it.
Thoroughly enjoyed this course. Thanks very much Andrew sir!
It is the must taking source . Recommended. Helping me a lot
Amazing course from Andrew as usual !!! Highly recommended !
Very clear course for new learners to know about the concept
Amazing course! Looking forward to some more great learning!
Excellent course, with an excellent teacher, I recommend it.
Andrew Ng is awesome. He is changing the world of education.
That was a great course from Andrew Ng. Thank you very much!
Must take for all aspiring as well as current data scientist
Very practical and assignments give you a lot of confidence.
Love the course which have tensor flow as the final project!
I found this course especially clear, useful and thoughtful.
Nice course! Learned a lot about some tricks in training NN.
Really nice course!! It was good to learn about a framework
very nice clarification and implementations. Thank you all.
As always, Everything is best about you sir. Andrew ng sir.
It´s so incredible how Andrew explain every lesson smartly!
Andrew NG is a living legend to Machine Learning aspirants!
Andrew ng is  best teacher in deep learning in the world :)
I like how Andrew Ng explained. Very concisely but clearly.
It was Great!!! And Andrew teaching it makes it even better
Amazing extension of the previous course on Neural networks
Great content and definitely does well filling in the gaps.
I liked the way sir teaches in a easy and understanding way
I learned many knowdge from this course, thank you so much.
I have learned a lot about Deep Neural Networks. Thank You.
good experience of DL! Lots of practical practice to learn!
Andrew does a fantastic job.I highly recommend this course.
Very useful. Course materials are clear and well organized.
Flat-out five stars, this is a fantastically useful course.
The explanation of the concepts is very easy to understand.
Awesome course with amazing content. Very good assignments.
This course is extremely helpful to real-world NN projects.
This is another great machine learning course by andrew ng.
Amazing course, very easy to understand and you learn a lot
Very informative course on tuning the deep neural networks.
Thank you for the interesting lessons and new knowledges...
Love this courses, I am learning a lot!Thank you very much!
So thankful for elaborate and clear content in this course.
Really good content. A bit challenging but not impossible.
Excelent course with the important details of training DNN
Amazing Course like always! Andrew Ng is a top instructor!
This is a great course if you want to learn deep learning.
Clearedallmydoubtspertainingtohyperparametertuning!Thanks!
A bit redundant if taken after the Machine Learning class.
Great course. Covered most of the optimization techniques.
Wonderful Content , great delivery and amazing assignment.
Well structured, very well explained ... Excellent course!
Really good course to improving my skills in deep learning
very good course.The explanations are in an efficient way!
Excellent! Very clear course. Congratulations to Prof. Ng!
Introduction to Tensorflow was systematic and educational.
Interesting course to learn how to optimize your ML model!
Thank you for providing such an amazing course! Thank you.
Great intuition to understand how to improve deep learning
Very well balance between theory and hands-on assignments.
Thumbs up to Andrew Ng for making the complex more simple.
Really helpful course to learn how to tune the parameters.
A wonderful overview of hyper parameters  and model tuning
Awesome materials and way of proceeding is simply rocking.
A must attend course. It was a great review course for me.
This is a great course to learn tuning of neural networks.
very good course. The programming assignment is very good!
Learnt a lot and coding assignment is great reference code
Neat and through explanation of  each concept beautifully
Really helpful when i solve real world problems using DL.
A perfect amalgamation of Theory and Practical knowledge.
Well it will really help me to optimize my neural network
As good as first course. Love to see the implementations.
Great insight in deep NN and the best part is TensorFlow.
Really easy to understand and worthy deep learning course
Such a great course, please, update to tensorflow 2 asap!
Very well designed course and easy to grasp for learners.
Great courser to study and practise. Highly recommend it.
Amazing course, helped me with introduction to Tensorflow
Very nice course since it contains "real-world" examples.
Love the last practical, great introduction to TensorFlow
Very practicle strategies to optimize learning algorithm!
Andrew sir is one of best teacher I have seen in my life.
Again mesmerized by Dr. NG's Teaching. Best teacher ever.
Very good course, very conceptual and well guide learning
The final project has problems associating with itself...
Best course ever I took. Thank you, Andrew and your team.
Thank you so much I learned so many thing in this course.
This course is a must for every deep learning enthusiast!
Fantastic course.  Took all fear away from Deep Learning.
Dhanyavadamulu! Much needed course to every AI Developer.
very helpful, clear and concise. Everything to the point.
Better if we start off the entire course with tensorflow.
Great Course, feels great to learn FrontLine technologies
Usefull trining course for a better understanding of DNN.
great course, keen on learning more with the next module!
just astonishingly brilliant course by andrew ng and crew
lesson is quite good, but sometimes the voice is too low.
As useful as the previous "Course 1". Strongly recommend!
Amazing course and an amazing instructor. I learned a lot
Great dive into the art/science of hyperparameter tuning.
Thank you Andrew! you make me love deep learning so much!
Well-prepared assignments, excellent!  Thanks a lot again
Superb course that includes valuable practical knowledge.
Everything comes together in the programming assignments!
Very good coverage on the deeplearning technical details.
A brief introduction to Tensorflow is included at the end
Great topic coverage and exercises. Loved every aspect !
Specialization is an absolute delight for Deep Learning.
Excellent course, Wonderful experience to learn new DNN.
I really understand the nuts and bolts of neural network
Great lessons and explain basic knowledge of ML. Thanks.
Best course to get clear with concepts of Deep Learning.
Andrew Ng  is the best!!!  He makes everything so clear.
Excellent Course. Covered and explained topics very well
Amazing experience and once again amazing teaching style
I continue enjoying the journey. We'll see in the future
Great course, you should take to organise your knowledge
All the practical knowledge in this course is amazing...
Very well structured course with many hands-on exercises
Help you get the best understanding of the deep learning
It will help me to find solutions in ANN implementations
Very interesting, Good continuation of the first module.
excellent.. 7 stars.. more then 5. I really learnt alot.
A very important course for all deep learning enthusiast
Great way to introduce hyperparameters and tensorflow!!!
With Respect, what a clarity on explaining the concepts!
Very good mathematics even for people from Chemistry :-)
Great lecture videos and very well-designed assignments.
Fantastic course as we've gotten used to from Andrew Ng!
Nice course too, in the end it speeds up a bit too much.
excellent course! thanks a lot for putting this together
Course introduces exactly what it says it will introduce
Could have had extra tensorflow programming assignments.
Excellent strategies to implement a ML project!!! Thanks
Excellent! Now I understood most of the deeper concepts.
Excellent course from the legend Andrew Ng and his team.
I was impressed by this course, it was very beneficial.
Awesome content and hands-on practice for the beginner.
Hands down the best course available on Coursera for DL
No one can teach machine learning better than Andrew NG
Provides a good understanding of hyper parameter tuning
Easy to understand. The practice is very well designed.
Why not we update programming assignment to tensorflow2
in fact this is best course for DL , thank you coursera
I couldn't have asked for better than this explanation.
it's very nice for those who has taken AI full course .
Very good course to study fundamentals of deep learning
Practical aspect of the NN will help in implementation.
Excellent optimization techniques articulated very well
Make principles more easier to comprehend and to apply.
Very nice and deep explanation of each and every topic.
Defacto best course to really break into Deep Learning!
Great Awesome course! Thanks for sharing the knowledge!
Learning so much about how to optimize neural networks!
great projects, I appreciate it! and great information!
This class is amazing. Thanks for Deeplearning.ai Team.
The horse in "The problem of local optima" made my day.
Fantastic! I really like the explanations and exercises
Great course! Very intersting and simple to understand!
Great example, let you easy to understand Deep learning
Excelent course! Thank you Andrew Ng and coursera-team.
A good teacher with very clear explanations !! the best
This is a very aggressive course in deep learning area.
Attention to detailed explanations is much appreciated.
Very good and helpful. The class is easy to understand.
Thankyou very much. This course is very useful for me!
Great materials and exercises,great teaching by Andrew
Answered many of my doubts about deep neural networks!
Simply awesome go for it. Thank you so much Andrew sir
Great course! Love Andrew Sir's teaching. Keep it up!!
great teaching in an easier approach. Thanks Andrew :)
I learned a lot from this course. Thank you, Coursera.
It helped me to understand concepts of tuning in depth
Awesome course that makes deep learning more tangible.
The topics were advanced and practical, I am impressed
Great course about tuning parameters of deep learning!
very useful  easy-understand  and impressiving courses
I just love it. The learning curve is perfect for me!!
One of Tough and interesting course in specialization!
Very good one but frameworks part is little bit clumsy
I have learned so much of of this course. Keep it up!!
Full of practical advice. Great course - very helpful.
The expected output is wrong in last week's assignment
Great course and finally an introduction to Tensorflow
great to know such details for tuning hyperparameters!
Great information building on class one in the series.
Awesome course! Step by step and very easy to follow.
The course is designed very well. Enjoyed learning!!!
Amazing course. Great job by instructors and Mentors.
Excellent. However more exercises should be included.
deeplearning.ai courses are worth the time and effort
The course is useful for me ,and I have learned much.
Gained a good understanding about the regularization.
Excellent training, easy to follow material and labs.
This course is a little tough but Its really worth it
Excellent explanations by Dr. Ng, easy to understand.
Andrew Ng is one of the best teacher I have ever met.
A little hard to learn but very practical and useful!
Very Important course to learn Hyper parameter tuning
The best resource on Neural Networks on the internet!
Andrew is great at breaking AI down into simple steps
Very helpful in understanding ways to optimize models
It's great for the practice of projects in real work!
Learned a lot from this course. Thank you Andrew Sir.
Andrew is a really great teacher that I've ever seen!
As always a wonderful course from an amazing teacher!
EXCELLENT COURSE, BUT LACK OF TRANSLATION IN SPANISH.
Very thorough and detailed explanations, very useful.
Very helpful, it really taught me many useful skills.
Very Structured way of deciphering complex concepts.
I learned a great deal of material including theory.
great but you can explain tensorflow in more detail.
I miss the small questions at the end of the videos.
Videos and Practical Assignments both are impressive
This course has valuable content! Well satisfied. :)
Thank you so much for preparing such a good content!
The part on optimization algorithms is really great!
This course will help to optimize your model quickly
Very deep material and clear explanation. Thumbs up!
The last assignment is the Best Intro to Tensorflow!
I love these courses. I recommend them to anyone! :)
This course is amazing! I will recommend my friends!
Andrew Ng. That's all that needs to be said. Thanks.
Thanks you very much, this is really a great course!
Great intuitions and explanations by Prof. Andrew Ng
Great for gaining deeper understanding on the topic!
Worth the time if you're interested in deep learning
the tensorflow programming exercise is very helpful!
Speechless. The best specialization I have had ever.
A great high level overview of the methods involved.
very thorough discussion of tuning and optimization!
Andrew Ng is one of the best teachers I've ever had!
Wonderful course! Thank you very much, Prof. Andrew.
Provide a well intuition of the optimization methods
Very good for people with some background in Python!
Explanation of basic principals beyond excellent !!!
Very interesting topics to extend NN from course one
Very practical approach to improve learning results.
great start for any beginner to take his first steps
Much  deeper into the learning! Great! Thanks a lot!
Well put-together.  The discussion forum is helpful.
As expected from Mr. Andrew Ng. Highly recommended.
It's an awesome course. I enjoyed very minute of it
Its very very nice course..creative thinking course
This course is amazing and Andrew Ng is the best...
Challenging , yet super rewarding. Really Loved it,
Really, really useful. Incredibly well done course!
Very Good course and it useful for all the learners
Thank you for your course and your pedagogic skills
Fantastic ! Gaining confidence course after course.
Another great course!  Can't wait for the next one!
Very informative and well organized for all levels.
Great content, programming exercise with Tensorflow
This course is really well done. Great first steps.
perfect course, very clear. Thank you Dr. Andrew Ng
Lots of techniques and methods for optimizing a NN.
wanna know what going under hood , explore this one
Fun, Enlightening and above all easy to understand.
It is already good, But places need to correct typo
thank for teachers provider this course,very useful
This is really really a good course to deeplearning
Fantastic presentation with details well explained!
Great course! Really well explained, step-by-step!!
Amazing course. Got to learn about hyperparameters.
Great course, well covered and perfectly explained.
As the other two previous courses, I learned a lot.
Great instructor!! Teaches at just the right level.
He's done it again! Seriously Andrew Ng is the man.
Great tutorial course for Deep Learning !!! Thx !!!
very interesting information, really deep insights
Very thoroughly researched and informative course.
Very good insights of the several hyperparameters.
one of the best machine learning courses out there
Excellent material, well organized, great teacher!
great course wrt deep learning and bright content.
Thanks for devoting such a precious course online!
Very useful course cannot wait to take the 3rd one
Covers optimization algorithms which are new to me
Very informative course Kudos to deep learning AI.
Awesome course. Learnt what is taught nowhere else
Excellent course and very well explained by Andrew
This course has got more content than I asked for.
i am so happy and grateful for taking this course.
amazing course, great explanation of all concepts.
If we can download the dataset, it will be better~
Provided a lot of intuitions and practical advice.
Mathematical explanation of optimization concepts.
Just like all other Professor Andrew's class, best
Just awesome course! Never learned so well before.
Amazing course gives useful insights for training!
Great professor Andrew is simply awesome as always
Very easy to follow instructions. Great learning.!
Good course and learned deep learning optimization
Amazing Course and will complete rest courses too.
Step by step about essential work of deep learning
Best course for Deep learning tuning, optimization
I can  get lots of intuition! Thank you very much!
not enough assignments, but nice and simple enough
Helpful and time-saving to get hang of this stuff.
Quite difficult session but very meaningful course
Excellent, practically oriented course. Thank you!
Very well presented and the assignments are great.
Excellent course! Thanks to instructors and staff!
The pace and content of the course is brilliant :)
Worth Studying. Very useful for practical insights
Thanks Andrew and your team, really help me a lot!
Very well - taught by Andrew, thank you coursera.
Great course to learn optimization of ML models!!
it is very nice for the beginners in deep learnig
This Course is very helpful in improving my model
Valuable tips and insights throughout the course.
I Need to revisit to get some solid understanding
Great course! I'm very happy with the methodology
I was a very good experience learning this course
Great course. Machine learning concepts made easy
Excellent Course to strengthen your core concepts
A very good course with implementation techniques
Really helpful! Keep on with the next course now!
Very good course and well timed with great ideas.
Great in depth Explanations and very Informative!
Thank you for opportunity to become closer to AI!
Top level material. Very useful to run a project.
Thankyou for making me learn the basics so nicely
Thank you so much, Andrew. This course is so good
Clearest explanation of optimization I have seen.
Amazingly intuitive examples of complex concepts.
Love the explanations and programing assessments.
There are many deep learning optimization methods
very useful course for tuning the neural network.
Great course with clear well structured lectures.
By far one of the best uptodate courses about DL.
Awesome experience, learnt a lot from this course
A thorough course that progressed at an easy pace
great course. Hope to see more of your good work.
Not difficult to follow, while much to gain from.
Nothing could better than this...love this course
wrong review oops. havent finished this class yet
Lots of useful concepts, with hands-on examples!
Thanks Andrew!  Your explanations are excellent!
Always Thanks to Andrew for high quality course.
Great content for beginners and concept focused.
Very concise and informative. Loved the homework
Excelent course, as always with professor Andrew
Please provide slides at the end of whole course
The course  helps  to implement neural-networks.
Informative course with well-guided assignments.
Very nice methodological lesson on deep learning
it was a very good content to start from scratch
Last week was so fast, particularly tensor flow.
useful, clear and exercises were not frustrating
It is a great course, but you need the first one
Prof. Andrew Ng has done it again! Great course!
excellent! Informative while easy to understand.
Great insights into the tuning of a Neaural Net!
Great level of details again Andrew. Keep it up!
This course is great for hyperparameter tuning .
Very clear, and gives good points on the basics.
Nice course for good foundation in deep learning
A detailed look into some really practical bits!
It become more interesting than the first course
have mastered how to optimize a neural network.
very helpful course for me to start learning NN
Excellent flow of teaching and good assignments
exceptionally good , way of teaching is awesome
This is my first study on hyperparameter tuning
great intuition about different hyperparameters
Exceptional Teaching by Andrew Ng. Thanks Alot.
Good guideline and full of useful information.!
Great course to learn about models optimization
very helpful for learning improving performance
It is really impressive and instructive course!
Very good clarification in lecture and homework
the lecture is a litte fast, but is very useful
Entertaining and insightful, always a pleasure!
Excellent mix of theory and practical examples.
Great course, programming assignment was great.
Exceptional teaching by Andrew Ng. As always...
Very clear explanations, well guided exercises.
Great course with an excellent course structure
Very good tips on improving nn!Love Prof. Ng!!!
Very helpful for me especially Tensorflow part.
Andrew Ng knows how to simplify complex things.
it is a good course with good learning material
This was very interesting and practical course.
I love this course ,and i love Andrew.thank you
Thanks, ... another step given in MLJoffre Luis
Learned to useDNN  framework to solve problems！
The best Deep Learning Course in the internet.
The lecture of Professor Andrew Ng is amazing.
Very Excellent Course for DeepLearning Learner
The most wonderful course about deep learning.
Great introduction to deep learning frameworks
Felt little complex. But finally completed it.
Tensorflow part coulda been more comprehensive
A great course that gives you valuable skills.
Great, well organised, student-centred course.
Excellent!!  Lots of fun.  Clear explanations.
The last assignment on tensorflow is amazing!!
Love the way course is arranged.Thank you Sir.
Great course. Thanks to the instructor and TAs
Great way to introduce topics in Deep Learning
I never have enjoyed this much while studying.
Nice to see a numpy vs tensor flow comparison!
I really like the lecture and enjoy the study.
Really good overview of tuning neural networks
Wonderful!. Looking forward to the next course
great stuff and explanations and exercises !!!
great class, make deep learning more practical
Great pedagogy, making complexity look simple!
It is a perfect course, which is easy to learn
Very useful methods of deep learning practice.
great course, best one of this specialization.
great course about optimization and tensorflow
profundity with an easy-to-understand approach
This was a tough and enjoyable course for me.
This course is better than what i really want
A good course to learn hyperparameters tuning
This is a great course and designed carefully
Interesting concept professionally delivered.
Concepts were very well and clearly explained
Best course on tuning the network parameters.
Great instructor and easy to follow lectures.
A great course full of tips to tune DL Model.
Perfect. Golden quality. Thanks to Andrew Ng.
very helpful must join and do all questions !
A course to gain knowledge on hyperparamters.
Great Lesson, learned a lot. Thanks, Coursera
Just miss the notes at the end of the videos.
Learned a lot of about hyperparameter tuning.
Great course, interesting and advanced stuff!
Great course .... introduced us to Tensorflow
Great course for understanding Deep Learning!
Thank you. It helped me a lot to learn a lot.
Really great and smooth transition tensorflow
Great as always when learning from Andrew NG!
A good walk-through of hyper-parameter tuning
Very Detailed Course. Lots of stuff to learn.
Excellent course with practical applications!
Mmmmm, very interesting and powerfull course!
Great course. Excellent for concept building.
It's really a great course by a great mentor.
Nice hints on how to improve DNN performance!
It is a privilege to learn from Professor Ng.
Brilliant way of covering a complicated topic
Really enjoyed the last section on TensorFlow
Very interactive and very clear explanations.
Very well organized course by a great teacher
I have better intuition about Neural Network.
More practical real life examples would help.
Highly recommend this course to the begineers
Beautiful way of learning, Thanks Andrew Sir.
Very well explained with practical scenarios.
Simple explanations of complex optimizations.
Thanks for making such great materials public
Excellent course and thank you Andrew Ng sir.
It is the best AI course I learned until now.
Learned many useful and practical techniques!
So many practical advices! Well done, Andrew!
Professor Andrew's presentation is fantastic.
Assignment is quite helpful and well designed
As always, Andrew Ng is a fantastic teacher!
gives better understanding to neural network
Very informative course...highly recommended
Another one of the good courses by Andrew ng
Perform program in the area of Deep Learning
Faculty is very good and examples are useful
All the topics are well-explained. Loved it!
Again of the interesting course by Andrew ng
This course has enriched my knowledge of DL.
Course was very informative and explanatory.
The course was great . Notebook is terrible.
Very practical aspects of DL, thanks Andrew.
Well organized and good assignment materials
Best Learning material for Machine Learning.
It was very good experience and class for me
Thank you much  for such interesting courses
very nice, I learned a lot from that course!
this course was amazing. I really enjoyed it
Very good, I learned a lot from this course.
Well explained and documented - recommended!
Comprehensive, clear, and engaging as usual.
Very helpful and good learning experience...
very good,easy understand and help me a lot.
Andrew is the best. Assignments are too easy
Great material and didactic classes. Thanks!
thank you very much for this amazing course
Many important issues are discussed. Thanks
This is the special sauce to deep learning.
Very helpful course.Thank you Mr. Andrew Ng
Its  a must attend course, in deep learning
A very useful collection of tips and hints.
Thank you for sharing such a deep knowledge
math part was quite difficult to understand
i like it, specially the part of tensorflow
Good introductory material. Easy to digest.
Amazing as always. Andrew you are the best!
I cant stop myself to watch the next course
Many nice hints about hyperparameter tuning
Andrew Ng is the God Father of AI Teaching.
Andrew Ng is a seriously talented educator.
Great guidance from Andrew!! Thanks a lot!!
my first output using tensorflow!amazing!!!
Excellent course! Interesting and engaging!
It has copious details that helps me a lot.
Good course!Especially the tenserflow part!
Great for practice in modern deep learning.
Good explanatory course for neural networks
Nice Course, thanks to all who contributed!
It taught me a lot of intricate concepts :)
Nice teacher, very detailed and very clear!
Easy to understand. Excellent presentation.
Great course, good explanation of concepts.
This is a great course which helps me a lot
Very good course and very nice community :)
Great insight into Deep Learning Algorithms
excellent course by andrew ng and coursera
Best course and I thank instructors a lot.
Great learning from a top rated instructor
Very interesting, specially the last week!
Learning using Notebook is is really Nice.
Great course,  it really builds intuition.
Amazing explanation and practical approach
The TensorFlow tutorial is really helpful.
Another outstanding course by Andrew Ng!!!
Great Learning, Learned a lot of basics...
Another great course by Andrew Ng. Thanks!
Very professional course and well prepared
Assignments could be made a little tougher
This Course as much practical as it can be
very practical course! I am very grateful!
Found it so helpful! Truly among the best!
Great sequel to course 1 for AI beginners.
Very practical tools to apply to training!
a very very great and amazing class for me
very useful for improving deep NN accuracy
it is amzing. I have learned a lot.Thank U
A wonderful course ,I learn a lot from it!
Awesome course! Lot of new things to study
Thanks Andrew Sir and team awesome course.
Very nice course, and I like it very much!
Best introduction to Tensorflow framework!
Very very informative. Gr8 learning curve.
I would like more practice with TensorFlow
Very well designed course. Thanks you sir.
very cool ! l have learned a lot from it !
As usual, full of very lucid explanations.
good takeaways for hyper-parameter search
Amazing how Andrew makes DL seem so easy!
One of the best lectures I have ever had!
The Content and explanation is very good.
Good quality again in this specialization
Its a very good course .I really enjoy it
A good course for optimize Neural Network
it is great course. I have learned a lot.
Lot of information not available in books
Another outstanding class in this series.
Deep learning is lolly pop with Andrew Ng
Excellent content with well explanations.
Excellent course. I am telling everybody.
well explained and easily understandable.
Very good pace of learning for beginners.
Awesome!! Helps a lot in finding problems
Good intro to Tensorflow and optimization
I loved the last exercise with TensorFlow
Very intersting: it's simple and complete
Thanks! The best DL course for beginners!
easy  to understand and hace great useful
Great course, but exercises are too easy.
Enjoyed a lot completing the assignments.
Excelent Course..!! Highly recommended..!
The Tensorflow assignment was awesome !!!
Important course in DEEP learning series.
Many great techniques in neutral network.
Concepts greatly explained, Thanks a lot
This was a excellent course. I'm amazed!
I wish one day I could work with Andrew!
This course is great!! Great instructor!
Excellent Course, really in depth review
Thank you very much for so great course!
the milestone beginning in the DL career
Able to follow and understand root cause
It's more than excellent, it's flawless!
One of the best courses I've ever taken.
My experience was really really awesome.
very practical and well organised course
Good course, just jupyter notebook hangs
One of the finest. Thank you Andrew Sir.
great course, tho it's getting harder XD
Thanks Andrew Ng. I enojoyed the course.
Great step-by-step lecture, very helpful
Another brilliant course from Andrew N.G
Thank you, This course is help me a lot.
Perfect course to learn the fundamentals
thanks andrew! this class help me a lot！
Interesting contents and amazing teacher
best course in the whole specialization!
Awesome thats pretty much the best word!
Covers batch norm and optimizers nicely.
well written course and concise material
Really enjoy the last tensorflow project
Very useful algorithms and tips. Thanks!
This course is bright and clear as usual
awesome content with good review system
All I was hoping for the course, great!
Great course, taugh me many new things.
excellent explanation from Andrew sir!!
It was the best lecture=) Thanks a lot!
Excellent learning. Highly recommended.
Great and very well organized material.
detailed course with great explanations
Amazingly taught. Loved all the modules
very insightful and developed intuition
very useful. Ng's introducing is great!
Helped me clear a lot of basic concepts
A good course for deep learning novice.
Excellent Support and course materials.
Even more useful than the first course.
A very rich course, I've learned a lot.
Great intro into Deep Learning! Thanks!
Excellent as always! Thanks Andrew sir.
A very meaningful course. It's perfect！
It helps me a lot. Highly  recommended.
the learning process might be clarified
practical lessons learned, very useful.
Very exciting and interesting material.
As always with Andrew Ng, great and fun
Thanks for Andrew NG, very nice courses
Pragmatic balance of theory and hand on
Way the content is explained in awesome
perfect!! especially the program work!!
Some key points are explained very well
Brilliant, very clear and comprehensive
I love the information about TensorFlow
Very interesting and useful. Thank you!
Good, helpful, well designed.Thank you
Excellent clarity and great intutions.
I loved it! Thank you for offering it!
It's great but uses tensorflow 1 not 2
Once again I could not stop learning !
Very in-depth explanations! Thank you!
Easy to follow and very informational.
Beautiful course. Very much Satisfied.
great journey into deep learning world
Excellent Course.. Andrew Ng is great.
Loved the introduction of tensor-flow.
excellent set of videos and assignment
Great course for hyperparameter tuning
Very  happy with Tensorflow assignment
Andrew ng is the best professor online
Many practicle issues are very useful!
lots of nice usefull insights to learn
Very Useful Content. Just right for me
I am enjoying the series tremendously.
another great training from Andrew Ng!
Very helpful for adjusting my network.
Great!! course . I highly recommend it
Great Course, Respect for Andrew Sir !
This was… fun, and really interesting!
Super. I am happy to take this course.
It was an amazing course, Thank You!!
Very helpful and well designed course
Really well taught and easy to follow
Course was awesome! All hail MOOCS's!
This is a phenomenal course. 5 stars.
Very well explained concept as usual.
Thoughtful and in detail explanation.
Satisfied specially tensorflow guide.
not bad; seems well prepared lectures
It was a perfect course!! Thank you!!
Great lecture on deep neural networks
Assignments were amazing liked them!!
Phenomenal course on in deep learning
Excellent. Need your slides, Mr Ng!!!
Thanks for such a remarkable teaching
Very good course.  Really enjoyed it.
Very nice, step-by-step instructions!
Got idea about regularization and all
Perfect course for intermediate level
Excellent Course, very practical tips
another clear and to the point course
Excellent and very informative course
Lots of valuable practical knowledge.
Awesome course by awesome teacher :))
Great explanations and very practical
the best course , I feel very excited
Very practical and helpful ! Thanks !
Awesome course as usual by Andrew Ng.
Amazing course covering great details
Deeper insight how tuning parameters.
Very good course. Highly recommended!
Crucial concepts very well explained.
Awesome course! Strongly recommended!
Thank you again for this nice course!
I really enjoy the course, thank you
great course with detail explanation
Awesome course! Thank you very much!
Top instructor and rigorous content.
Learned everything taught at classes
Very informative and well presented.
tensorflow explanation was very good
Well developed and delivered course!
Programming exercise was too simple.
Awsome course! learned a lot from it
Extraordinary, Claps to Andre Ng. :)
Again, top notch content. Well done!
In love with Andrew NG. Huge respect
top of top courses in deep  learning
Excellent! Great as I was expecting!
Thanks for this class what I learned
Lots of very useful information here
Very informative and quintessential.
Extremely useful.Andrew is a genius.
Good explanation of RMSprop and Adam
Complete and well explained. Thanks.
Another great course from Andrew Ng!
Good mix of theory and hand-holding!
Another stellar course by Andrew Ng!
Super well done! Thanks! Very clear!
Thank you Andrew, very good material
Awesome and extremely useful course!
Contents are almost state of the art
Programming exercises were too easy.
Excellent course!! Very informative!
This is gonna be useful for my paper
very good teacher, very good lecture
Superb course. I would recommend it!
Well organized materials, Thank you!
Very good introduction to TensorFlow
very good course. easy to understand
The best Deep Learning class ever!!!
I loved to learning about TensorFlow
a really useful course for beginners
do we have better than Andrew??????
Perfect course. I enjoyed it a lot.
Excellent course. Highly recommend.
very compact and full of new things
Thanks for such a wonderful course.
The best course! I really liked it!
Well explained with great insights!
The content is an absolute delight!
the simplest course I had ever seen
thanks for andrew and his co_worker
Made NN really easy to understand !
Just right level and very enjoyable
Amazing course with perfect teacher
good. but i need more tensorflow :D
Great course! Thank you! Andrew Ng!
Great course with excellent content
Concepts are explained very well :)
One of the best courses I ever had.
Make the assignments more rigourous
Nice course to understand NN model.
awesome course, highly recommended.
Very useful and excellent lectures!
Best course to start Deep Learning.
Amazing Tips, Andrew Ng is the best
Great followup to the first course!
Extremely useful, also challenging.
Great coverage of parameter tuning.
Solid material for Deep Neural Nets
very nice course, thanks very much
great course!!! Thoroughly enjoyed
Best Course of the Specialization!
Very helpful course. Thanks a lot!
Very Clear presentation. Excellent
Very detail and easy to understand
Very good course for deep learning
lots of learning with key concepts
Easy to follow, great assignments.
just as great as the first course!
Very good explanation about tuning
Excellent, i like the assignments.
It's very much helpful. Thank you.
Improved by knowledge drastically!
Professor Andrew Ng, thanks a lot.
Great course, clear, easy to learn
awesome explaination by Sir Andrew
Much harder than the first lesson.
Great course, wonderful assignment
Great course! Very well organized!
wonderful class, I reall enjoy it!
this course have interesting thing
very concise lectures by Andrew NG
Excellent as every one from Andrew
easy understandable, good teaching
Very good, like the first course !
Ng tell you how to nudge the model
Great and very interesting course.
Sharp, fast, optimal and rewarding
Very good course, thank you Andrew
well organised, densy information.
It was very useful and intuitive.
Prof Ng and his team are awesome!
Thanks for building my intuitions
Thank you for such amazing course
Thank for this intresting course!
Very much informative and helpful
Great course, his helped me a lot
Nice presentation by Mr.Andrew ng
Simply great learning experience!
very professional, very practical
Nice intro to TensorFlow, thanks!
Great Learning from this course!!
Awesome course. Programming rich.
A must take course for beginners.
Thanks a lot  coursera！Well done.
Very Useful and detailed Contents
Awesome course! Learned a lot! :D
Very practical, clear and useful.
Great info, and intuition sharing
Great course, highly recommended!
very helpful for tuning our model
Hands down. Keep up the good work
Very crisp and clear explanation.
gives nice idea about tensorflow.
I just want say, thank you a lot.
Pacing and structure are perfect.
best and most practical DL course
An extremely well drafted course!
Great course. Explains very well.
very good courses, help me a lot!
Oh tensor flow is a great help !!
Good and practical introductions.
Great course with practical tools
Great course. A lot of insights!
course by andrew ng is excellent
Amazing explanation by Andrew NG
Awesome Course! Professor Andrew
the best one thank you Andrew NG
Wonderful teaching and learning!
Very good course. Very didactic.
Superb content! Helped me a lot!
The course is really very useful
Very enlightening and beneficial
It was really helpful Thank you!
Great instruction for fresh man.
Great curriculum and explanation
really great course to recommend
this course is especially useful
Andrew Ng is my favorite teacher
Awesome course. Well-structured.
great course! Thank you so much.
excellent as always with Mr Ng:)
wonderful class for deeplearning
A great continuation to course 1
The best course among all others
Informative, Concise, Practical.
I enjoyed this course very much.
Excellent course! keep learning!
Thank You for Such Great Course
thanks for this valuable course
Excellent teaching methodology.
Excellent Content to understand
very good inputs for TensorFlow
Another great Andrew Ng course!
Nice Work, Good Learning For me
Thank you. It's a great course.
it is very helpful to my career
Easy to understand. Thank you..
Great explanations and examples
Very good lectures by Andrew Ng
Andrew ng.... i love so much...
Very good tips. Clear advice :D
Very Useful Course in Practice!
i learnt a lot from Ng. Thanks.
Andrew is such a great teacher!
an useful course and thank you!
This course helps me a lot. thx
Learning TensorFlow was great!!
Great. I love you Andrew Ng Sir
excellent and insightful course
Great Course and great learning
nice course, very appreciate Ng
Very nice and efficient course.
improve my deeplearning ability
great things were taught easily
It was a awesome learn learning
Great instructor, great course.
amazing as always with Andrew.
It was so resourceful. Thanks!
Loved the course.Great content
This is an amazing course,..!!
Really helpful fine-tuning nn.
Good groundwork course! A must
Very good practical assingment
Glad to have done this course.
Excellent content thanks a lot
Overall great and substantive.
Excellent materials as always.
Andrew Ng my favorite lecturer
This  course is EXCEPTIONAL!!!
this is best course i've taken
very nice course i loved it :)
Thanks so much for this course
Great Learning .  Thanks a Lot
Amazing. The more, the better!
Very interesting and practical
great course! thank you Mr. ng
Amazing course, very in depth!
Really nice described concepts
Very Useful and easy to learn!
Great practical class. Thanks!
The course is really awesome.
Very Useful course. Thank you
Very Informative and Detailed
Can`t get any better. Awesome
This was an excellent course.
Thank You to all team members
Great lecture with exercises!
a great course for beginners.
Clear and practical, loved it
This is perfect class for me.
very informative and thorough
the most important one of all
Every thing is cristal clear!
Course Materials are awesome.
Exceptionally awesome course!
Andrew Neg is a simple genius
Very useful for practitioners
good lessons, really like it!
Very in depth. Perfect speed.
Lab excersise really helpful!
Andrew Ng is a great teacher!
awesome course, learned a lot
Excellent! Thank you Prof Ng.
Really smooth and informative
As good as expected. 5 stars!
help me a lot! thanks Andrew~
The course is really helpful!
very accessible and practical
Very helpful, thanks Andrew.
good learning experience....
This course is very helpful.
great content best professor
Great course, very detailed.
great course for learning nn
This course is just awesome!
thank you, Prof.AndrewNg sir
Wonderful course. Thank you.
Love you 2 sir Andrew Ng. <3
Fabulous must learn once...!
Great assignment and quizzes
nice course..short and crisp
nice course and very helpful
like Andrew Ng very much!!!!
I love how you teach newbies
Its again a very useful one.
Good explanation of concepts
very useful also for experts
Great lectues and exercises!
Best course in this segment.
Excellent course, as always!
Great course! Thanks Andrew!
Great course to be a part of
Thank you sir for the course
Goood course - learnt a lot!
Good learning experience !!!
Nice course.  Thanks Anderw!
Good to tune hyperparameters
As great as the first course
Great course as the 1st one!
awesome Course Great teacher
Amazing !  and Insightful !
Thanks for the nice course!
Very engaging and practical
Its really very nice course
The course was very helpful
wonderful,I like the course
really clear and well paced
Thanks for this opportunity
Great Course! Thanks Andrew
very useful and fondamental
To the point and effective!
Awesome Content and tutors!
Very practical and helpful!
Very practical and helpful.
Great. Effeicient teaching.
It's a great course on DNN.
Very useful course. Thanks!
Thank you, Prof. Andrew Ng!
Andrew Ng is still a legend
Great Course. I enjoyed it!
Very inspiring and helpful!
Very intuitive explanations
This course is very great!.
great lecture. Many thanks!
Andrew is great, as always!
Superb!! thanks Andrew Ng!!
Still the best of the best!
Very clear and interesting!
Excellent pace and material
very good course, thank you
Awesome course as expected.
Great Learning Experience!
Please refer to course 1;)
Thank you for every thing.
I learnt lot of new stuffs
Thank for dedicated course
As usual "The Best Course"
Exceptionally good course!
Very helpful, Thank you :)
Thank You for this course!
Very useful and practical!
As always, amazing course!
Awesome Course. A must do.
Yet another amazing course
Incredibly  useful for me!
very good and very useful!
Cool class and very useful
the course is really great
Grader issues, frustrating
Good course, easy to learn
Andrew is a great teacher.
Very good series of course
In depth! Learned so much!
Great course.Thanks Andrew
Great intro to Tensorflow!
that is just simply great!
The course is so organized
very nice !! thanks Andrew
I love it, very insightful
very  good ! learned a lot
Great intro to TensorFlow!
intuitive: from why to how
very good tuning approach.
hopefully for next course
the best course ever ....
Very useful to tune in NN
You will learn TensorFlow
Concise and super useful!
very good course. 100/100
Absolutely fantastic! :-)
Great Course! Appreciate!
Outstanding! Very useful!
very instructive material
Absolutely useful course.
Great intro to TensorFlow
Very Good Course to take.
Thank you for your class.
very good course. enjoyed
Very interesting projects
Thanks, it's very useful.
Great intro to tensorflow
Incredibly nice as usual!
very nice course! Thanks!
short but nice overview !
very good，  very helpful!
great course, worth doing
This Course is excellent
insightful and practical
Very instructive course!
Also incredibly relevant
Thank You for the course
Thanks for your guidance
Wonderful Explainations.
It is easy to understand
I REALLY ENJOYED IT !!!!
Very Useful! Think you !
little diffcult but good
Amazing thanks Prof. Ng!
This course is very good
very useful and  thanks!
Complete and interesting
Very helpful course !!!
Thanks a lot coursera!!
This course is AWESOME!
Andrew N.G. is the best
it's a good explanation
learned a lot of things
Andrew Rocks as always!
Well taught! Thank you!
Excellent. Great Thanks
Excellent, thank you !!
very clear explaination
Great course Andrew Sir
very theoritic and easy
Nice Course! I love it!
Very clear and precise.
Fantastic in every way!
another fantastic entry
perfect lessons, thanks
Andrew NG is awesome...
Great, really enjoy it.
Very instructive course
Well structured course!
i gained a lot. thanks.
Thanks for this course!
Interesting and useful.
It's completely useful.
Thank you,Learned a lot
Useful and informative.
harder than first class
Thorough and achievable
project seems too easy.
very clear and advanced
Very useful information
bovvj saras course che
study hard continually
A mind blowing course.
It was a great course.
Great course thank you
thx ,very good course.
Thanks! All is perfect
full course is amazing
Incredibly satisfying!
Learned a lot. Thanks!
really complete course
Thanks to teaching me!
Greate Course!! thx :)
Thanks, Great course !
Very very excellent !!
Wery usefull and clear
I love teacher Andrew！
Great! Really liked it
This is awesome course
Andrew Ng is the best!
I'v learned a lot,Thx.
Super Clear and Useful
Andrew Ng is the best!
It's so fun and useful
excellent as expected!
Great course. Loved it
thank you Prof Andrew,
Great Course as usual.
It was a nice course!
very nice explanation
Great way of teaching
Andrew NG the best!!!
anaother great course
Great second course!!
great course as usual
Beautifully organized
Wonderful course!!!!!
Really helpful for me
Very good instruction
Excellent as always..
It was good learning.
Thank you, Andrew Ng!
Wish it were in java!
concrete and straight
Learnt a lot, thanks!
Excellent, as always.
IT was a great course
A very useful course!
the best course ever!
Continued brilliance.
another great course!
Very good explanation
very good ! Thank you
That was cool as well
great course, thanks!
Grading is a bit slow
Absolutely wonderful!
NIce course I like it
Really useful course!
nice tensorflow intro
thanks for the course
Class_label = "Great"
Really enlightening!
A really good course
Very useful course!!
Fantastic as always.
Incredibly practical
Owe a lot to Dr. Ng!
thank you very much!
Thank you Andrew NG.
Indrew is incredible
good course! thanks.
Amazing and helpful.
very good，meaningful
Amazing as expected!
really great course!
Ng is a good teacher
Very well structured
Amazing instruction.
Fantastic as always!
Awesome assignments!
Thank you Mr.Andrew
As great as always!
Andrew is the best.
Very well taught!!!
Amazing course.....
Excellent as always
Enjoyed this course
Thank you Andrew Ng
Very nice intutions
Very easy to follow
Great job as always
Great course again!
I LOVE THIS COURSE.
Another nice course
Thank you, helpful.
great explanation!
Really great stuff
I've learnt a lot!
Awesome learning !
Great as usual (Y)
Great content, thx
Simply exceptional
Most interesting!!
Very Tough content
Very good overall.
really impressive!
Loved this course.
lee is the best :D
Really enjoyed it!
strongly recommend
thank you so much.
one word: amazing!
Awesome as always.
very good lectures
Thanks for The Ng!
Very Nice Course !
as always the best
God of all courses
Its Andrew Ng. wow
Good demonstration
i like this course
just incredible :D
I like the course
Always excellent!
Great lectures!!!
this is very good
as always as best
Great Assignments
It's very useful.
Thanks, Prof. Ng!
As good as before
awesome content !
very nice course.
Depth and clarity
Fantastic Course.
Very Good Course!
briefly explained
Really complete !
Very well taught.
fantastic insight
So helpful !!!!!!
Very meaningful!
Worth everything
Great teacher!!!
Thank you Andrew
Great Andrew Ng!
Great Course (y)
Was very helpful
Great Course!!!!
highly recommend
In Depth content
great learning!!
Great! course!!!
thank you andrew
its very useful!
very very useful
It's excelent!!!
Really helpful !
Like this course
Very usefull !!!
useful，thank you
very impressive!
awesome, perfect
It's just great!
It is very good!
still very good!
Great as always
Awesome course!
Simply the best
Great Work !!!!
Simply Awesome.
It was perfect.
Awesome  course
Amazing Course!
could be useful
Great teaching.
Very practical.
really helpful~
very practical!
He's the best.
great hands on
Good learning!
I learnt a lot
simply awsoeme
so good course
Coursera is #1
Very Helpful !
Simply Awesome
Thank you alot
Very practical
It‘s great’ ！！
Simply superb.
Thx, Andrew!!!
Just Fantastic
It helps a lot
A good curse!!
Always Great!!
great course o
The best ever
Gtreat Course
Just Amazing!
owsome course
thanks Andrew
The best one!
Super helpful
Thanks Andrew
Good course !
Really good!
Learn a lot!
Great Work!!
Recommend!!!
very useful!
Means a lot.
Geate Course
Pretty Good！
Thank You!!!
Very Useful!
very amusing
Good part 2!
Very useful！
Many Thanks!
Loved it. :*
Great Course
Learn a lot.
Great work!
Enjoyed it!
Nice Course
best always
*Thumbs up*
Enjoyed it.
simply best
it's great,
so great:)
Thumbs Up!
Pure Gold!
thanks all
greathelp!
thats good
Pure Gold.
Love it!!!
Pure Gold
So great！
Love it !
Great sir
top class
Good info
Wondeful
Spot on!
exciting
Perfect！
Great.!
Thanks.
Prefect
awsome!
cool!
