Far too basic - almost nothing about Tensorflow - graphs, tensors, estimators, tf.data, etc. The course is a bunch of pre-built examples using the Keras APIs to hit run on in Google collab. This is a very gentle introduction to Keras APIs, with no discussion of what's actually happening with Tensorflow.
I've finished the whole specialization in one week with 100% on all quizzes. I returned to its first course to rate it one star. I would give it 4 stars if the whole specialization was put in one free course "Shallow intro to TensorFlow with non-working and uninspiring examples". The intros with A.Ng are promising, big words and ideas, but the videos and examples are simplistic and don't deliver. There is no much work to do on this specialization, and I developed skepticism and mistrust toward the instructor. He doesn't come across as an experienced ML/TF practitioner, and some of his discussions are intentionally vague. It's incomparable in depth and content to Deep Learning specialization from the same deeplearning.ai.  It also dilutes the value of Coursera's Specialization.  Please redo.
Really disappointed. Please, give me back my money! This is not a course of Tensorflow but one page manual from Keras tutorial website. I hoped to learn the Tensorflow but have seen only some very simple examples with API wrapper for simple tasks and passed the course in a day. There was almost nothing from the Title of the course. The course should be free. There is nothing for $49 in it (except really cool teachers)
Finally, wasted my weekend and 40 euros to finish this specialization.  I really dont know the target audience of this specialization.  If you have no background of deep learning, going through some code snippets without any explanation wont help you at all. you  can't know anything behind it. If you already have some knowledge, you will find nothing new and more in this course. 1) The materials are so shallow and without any depth, just reading the slides and codes with errors. Only some high-level Keras APIs are covered. The official Tensorflow tutorial is much better. 2) The test questions are of no value at all, it cant test any your understanding whether about deep learning or the tool Tensorflow. The assignments are poorly designed, the answers contain errors. 3) I strongly doubt the instructor, I think he does not have much ML experience.  Please don't waste your money and time on this specialization. If you want to learn deep learning, go to cs230; cs231n for computer vision; cs224n and cs224u for NLP; cs20 for Tensorflow.
Too basic. I took it to learn about tensorflow not deeplearning and it's like just a bit of each which is useless at the end. It's just the 'Hello world' example in TF.
Code and exercises look like they were made in a hurry,  with a lot of errors that have not been addressed yet, even after been reported about 3 months ago. No challenging practical exercise (just need to copy the code from the previous notebook that the instructor supplied) (maybe making the function print "Reached X% accuracy so cancelling training!" was necessary to fool the grader). Weak theoretical test. I had high expectations, and now I am disappointed with this deeplearning.ai course. I do not recommend, TensorFlow guide have better material to learn about it.
I don't actually get the purpose of this course: teaching deep learning or teaching deep learning with TF? Can there be anything else? If the former is the aim, one needs to learn how a deep learning algorithm works and why it is successful. If the goal is teaching TF for people who are familiar with deep learning, first the structure and logic behind TF and then the coding parts should be taught line by line with details. This course, in my point of vies, has nothing to present.
What a crap professor. Really wish Andrew Ng taught this course instead. I have no clue what this teacher is talking about he makes 2-3 min videos of complicated material and blabbers about it while referring us to online videos and other resources instead of just explaining it.
I mistakenly bought this course , Note 43 euro is for this one simple module, be aware please!!
First of all, it's an introduction to Keras and not Tensorflow.Secondly, the explanations the author gives are lacking/misleading.For example,in week one the net didn't learn exactly the hypothesis 2x-1 for other reasons than the ones he mentioned (oh,and the net did not give some kind of a probabilistic interpretation to the data...).I am not sure why Andrew NG (who is the best instructor in the world to my mind) allowed this kind of instructor to be branded as deeplearning.ai.
This is was the worst course I have ever taken on Coursera and my sample size for courses is statistically significant. a) The grader is not good. b) The infrastructure was not good. c) To complete the course I have to copy the code to Google colab, run there and then copy-paste the code back. This course was very very basic and from an industrial standpoint, it was way below expectation.
This course does not go very much into detail and way too much time is given for easy exercises and homework. The homework contains a lot of bugs, which need to be fixed since students waste a lot of time debugging errors which are not due to their fault. Furthermore, the homework is just about copying the code given in the videos.
The videos don't contain much usefull information, but only a demonstration of the most basic concepts of tensorflow. Practical assignments does not aim at teaching you any skills, but copying code from one notebook to another. And after this course I actually have some concerns about the author qualification on the subject.
There's barely enough material to qualify it as a course. Each week's videos combined are less than 30 minutes. They just link you to more resources such as Andrew Ng's Deep Learning course material. It took me less than 3 hours to finish this course.  There's nothing of substance in this course. A disappointment.
Far far too easy.  As a big fan of the deeplearning specialisation I was very disappointed in this course.  I don't know what they think the learner is supposed to come away with from this course.  If this was all the course a person took they really wouldn't know very much at all
Vague, you should really have prior knowledge of deep learning, this specialization won't teach you anything in detail. The specialization focuses on just a few examples of not TensorFlow, but of Keras. You will have experience in solving almost already solved, arbitrary problems.
Extremely bad experience with the coding exercises, lots of things broke in the notebooks. Just take a look at the discussion forums. It seems the creator, the Google advocate people took no effort in making sure things works.
The quality of teaching is low compared to other deeplearning.ai courses. Compounded with the vague instructions in notebooks and improper grading algorithm , it make for a very painful learning experience
The entire series is rudimentary and not worth the money. Its basically a high-level keras tutorial. I would recommend taking the series that is taught by Andrew Ng if you want to understand deep learning.
In fact, for me, it was an introduction for using Tensorflow for computer vision. It is not an introduction to tensorflow. There is any introduction for the concept of graphs, tensors...
Numerous problems with this course.  Lots of unexplained details and deprecated examples.  Quizzes reward instance data ,memorization, rather than testing concepts.
The automatic rating system does not work. My assignment worked perfectly but the grade was saying that could not compile. I could not move forward
The course assignments seem to be locked despite me paying a subscription fee. This is most demotivating.
"your grader ran out of memory"... garbage site. i'll cancel before the end of the free trial
Material is useful, but tests are trivial. This causes course certificate to have no value.
when submitting the first assignment the server does not accurately check the assignment
Not in depth in the technical part behind NNs. I expected more.
Worst course. Worst teaching methods.
Introduction to Keras, not Tensorflow
Very, very basic course
not in depth at all.
Much too easy.
This felt like a glorified tutorial for TensorFlow/Keras. I expected more in-depth treatment of the material. E.g. covering more ground (regularization wasn't mentioned at all), or going into more depth on the machine learning theory (why are we using this activation function, this loss, or this optimiser) or practical tips (e.g. discussions of network design) or the tools we are using (e.g. what exactly is TensorFlow, what is Keras, how do they relate to each other, how do they work under the hood).I also raised some issues and PRs on the github repo for the worksheets to correct problems in some of the worksheets, but these were not responded to by the time I had finished the course over a week later, despite the low volume of issues and PRs on that repo.I paid for the course upon getting to the first quiz so that I could have my answers graded, but I don't feel that I got my money's worth.
I was expecting a more elaborate content and graded programming exercises for those who pay for the course. Instead the major part of the content is based on the  FREE tutorials available on TensorFlow website. Besides, the course is split to 4 weeks but the complexity of the content does not fit to the announced period. It can be easily completed within few days or less by any avearage CV researcher. It is populated with a bunch of very short videos with 'surface scratching' explanations.  A targeted learner seems to be an undegrad.  Also, some important concepts of TensorFlow were not explained (ex: what is tensor? etc.)  Overall, I am disappointed and consider this a waste of money. eventhough, it can be useful as an audit for those who need some structure in self-education as it provides the sequence of tasks and some quizes as many other courses by Coursera.
This course barely touches what Tensorflow is and how it works, it is just a very basic introduction to Keras, and most of the time is spent explaining machine learning concepts rather than Tensorflow ones.
Even if this course it is an introduction to TensoFlow, it is too easy. Good resources and good notebooks, the lectures are not bad and well explained, but the examination part is too soft.
This course is generally one of high production values and the lecturer is of course excellent. Having taken Andrew Ng's original machine-learning course, it was as ever encouraging to see him make some short guest appearances.The material and exercises are of a high standard apart from the usual typos etc. However, one particular problem was that some/all of the exercises appeared to be assessed via their print statements rather than by server-side via unit tests. This is frustrating and puts one in danger of seeing other people's code when attempting to search online for an unexpected/trial-and-error fix. Also, the timings are not quite right - some reading material comprises a few lines but apparently should take 10 minutes etc.My main reason for undertaking the course was as a more practical prerequisite for the TensorFlow: Data and Deployment course offered by deeplearning.ai, my intention being to circle back round for the Deep Learning specialization afterwards.Unfortunately, in spite of the positives above, the course really falls short in terms of value for money: for £45 one only learns of order 100 lines of code. This is positioned as TensorFlow having a nice, high-level API, but in practice the course is disappointingly straightforward for anyone who must have already demonstrated strong python skills and/or who are developers. There is no theory but the course certainly does not give practical "mastery" of TensorFlow.Perhaps it was naive to expect better value, but it is hard to assess the course level purely from the syllabus. One can "audit" a course for free and I would recommend people do this in future - I certainly will be.Overall I am quite disappointed. I look forward to the other courses in the Specialization which I am now undertaking purely in order to obtain better value for money.
I am quite disappointed with this course. First, it should not been called "Introduction to TensorFlow" but "Introduction to Keras", which is a TensorFlows' (TF) API that entails a higher layer of abstraction. Basic data structures, estimators, graphs, etc. are not explained through the course. Second, video lessons are too superficial and lack of content. They remind me to those of the Machine Learning Crash Course from Google. That is, as an opener/introduction for Deep Learning (DL) are fine but they are far from being an essential training tool in DL (unlike the Deep Learning Specialization here in Coursera). Finally, content is too basic. This course requires an intermediate level, so students are supposed to be already familiar with basic DL concepts. I understand that this first course within the specialization is an introduction, but I just begun the next course (Convolutional Neural Networks in TF) and it is more of the same. Laurence is still working on the binary classification problem and only at the end he treats the multi-class problem. Instead, I was expecting to implement CNN models like ResNets, Inception networks, and applications like object detection or face recognition in TF (not in Keras). For me, it is not worth spending time and money for what you learn in this course. The good part is that, because videos are short and exercise are easy, you can finish the whole course in just one week (or less if you are 100% working on it).
Maybe I had unrealistic expectations following the original 5 courses from deeplearning.ai. I understand the target audience and need for simplification, BUT there are multiple outright wrong statements, that are unacceptable (will list below): 1  `Softmax takes a set of values, and effectively picks the biggest one, so, for example, if the output of the last layer looks like [0.1, 0.1, 0.05, 0.1, 9.5, 0.1, 0.05, 0.05, 0.05], it saves you from fishing through it looking for the biggest value, and turns it into [0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0] -- The goal is to save a lot of coding!` - no it doesn't do that, it takes n numbers and gives n numbers which sum to one and respect all original inequalities. and no it doesn't save time, you still need an argmax.2 in the first course there's a linear regression trying to learn f(x)=2x-1. The course says you can't get it exactly because you don't have enough data. Of course you have enough data, 2 points are enough to describe a line, and that regression has a closed form solution. SGD with fixed LR is the only problem.3. Immediately after, also first lesson, it says that sometimes loss goes up and that's called overfitting. Those were just a few...really I understand it doing baby steps for developers without maths background, but I'm not sure this is doing them any favors..I've also showed these to a bunch of my colleagues and we were on the same page about it
I am not very satisfied with the course. It does feel quite professionally made, but there is no depth. It feels as if the teachers of the course had some difficulty when deciding on the prerequisites. I think it would have been clearer if the course would just have said: take this course after the deep learning specialization because this will build on knowledge from previous courses. Then, focus ONLY on teaching the coding part, explain what is TF, what is Keras, in DEPTH. For example, all the quizzes are more theorethical questions: these should be ALL code in TensorFlow. E.g, what is the following code doing? I guess it's just the first course, so depth is not expected but what I've read so far, it wont change in the following courses. I'm dissapointed and Andrew you should set a higher standard for your courses. Hope you will take lessons and not let this happen in future courses, I wasted my money and time on this.
No deep details for functions used
I took the Deep Learning Specialization before (which admittedly set a very high standard) and expected this specialization to be similar, just more focused on Tensorflow. I couldn't have been more disappointed. Explanations are very shallow, and I totally missed the well-thought-out programming exercises. Here there are just notebooks with some missing parts that you have to fill in, without any explanation. You just copy over the code from the lectures, and it works, and you have not learned anything. A sneak peek at the next course shows that this seems to be organized in the same way. Luckily I finished this course within the 7-days trial...
I can't believe I paid $49 for this and knocked it out in <2 days. I now know how to copy-paste lines of tensorflow to do some very specific things. It's fine to not go in-depth on the math and everything behind the scenes if you instead focus on practical application, but this course does neither. For a glorified tensorflow/keras tutorial, I would hope that after the course I would be able to build my own models, but I honestly know how to do nothing outside of the 6 lines of code I copied from the videos, and I don't even know how those lines work.
The course does not goes deep (not even close) into explanation, and many topics/methods are just mention. Per se, that is not bad if you could use the forum to get the answers of the questions that arises. However, that is not the case for this course, where most of the questions are unanswered. Moreover, there are many bugs/typos/mistakes in the given code. And because the staff does not answer the forum's questions, you are not sure if they are really bugs or not.
Jupyter notebooks and video explanations have many issues (for example: https://github.com/lmoroney/dlaicourse/blob/master/Course%201%20-%20Part%204%20-%20Lesson%202%20-%20Notebook.ipynb - where fundamental terms like "accuracy" and "loss" are mixed up). Considering that many people who will be taking this course may be beginners, such mix-up can really affect what they learn and how they approach Deep Learning.
Many in the course were just taught superficially. No in depth clarification of things was given according to me. Rather I would recommend to check out Imperial College London's course "Getting started with Tensorflow 2" course which is awesome. There are 2 courses in the specialization, I have mentioned first one of them check out other(s) on your own. Happy learning. .
Course is interesting.But programming assignments are not described enough. Leaving students with difficulties to understand exactly what is expected to get the grades. Even with a working solution, multiple assignments must be send to try to "fine-tune" the programming assignments to get a grading without knowing why it does not work.
It should not be called like it is called. This is not even close being "an Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Deep Learning". At most this is like "10 minutes into TensorFlow". You have to be at the absolute beginning to get out something  from this course. Better read the docs and take A. Karpatny course on youtube
Honestly, this course doesn't meet my expectations. The instructor's way of explaining the code was okay .This was really a very easy course. The topics covered in this course can be studied from any youtube channel with free of cost. If you are wishing to get a deeper understanding of tensorflow then don't buy this course.
Not going to lie, I'm pretty disappointed after finishing Andrew Ng's course and coming here for the next step. I feel like maybe Andrew raised my standards too high, but this course was extremely not begineer-friendly as an intro course, and I don't think I was able to pick up anything worthwhile.
The professional content is very poor - it cover very little and only the very basic meaning is taught  . I have expected a much more in depth technical learning and a little more theory.  All the course taught is how to write 20-30 lines of code... disappointing.
Good course content 5/5 for it. However, the last exercise is prone to errors due to the system. There are many posts in the forum and none of them have a response by the staff. Considering this is paid content I'd expect staff to address the problems.
The code in googlecolab was not organized well and the course content was so basic. I expected more from this course when I started as I took course of ML with Andrew Ng and expected the same level of quality but got disappointed.
Introduction to Keras would have been a more appropriate title. A bit disappointed, that the course just scratched the surface of tf.keras instead of explaining more concepts of the (much bigger) tf library.
Just a brief introduction to TensorFlow, very basic and short on practical exercises. I literally copy-pasted texts from one notebook to another. Neither gives it a lot of theory.
Programming exercises are quite sub-standard. Explanations in video lectures are too short and coarse. Andrew Ng's deep learning specialization far superior, stick with that
The exercises are very repetitive and basically just copies of the notebooks in the course. There is no thinking required for this course. The material is very shallow.
I would say it is a introduction to Keras rather than Tensorflow.  The course not really touch tensorflow, it all about the high level API which is Keras in TF.
the notebooks have a poor explanation of what should be done and unless you delete the last two cells every time you won't be able to submit
Resources shown in the video were not included as web links, so the course couldn't be completed
A little too complex for beginners. Content must be explained from a novice point of view
Some reading exercises had missing links and some code used a deprecated function.
This course teach how to use Keras more than using Tensorflow
It´s well explained but way too basic and short.
这课挺水的， 不如 deep learning specialization多矣。
notebooks need work from the instructors
Course was not rigorous enough
I like the CoLab Intro, and basics of Keras.  But I think the 1st course are a bit too basic for someone who took the 5 courses Deep Learning Specialization.  And it is too fast for someone who had not taken the DL courses.   I would like the instructors to go over these topics in future courses: 1) TensorBoard and how to debug a faulty model2) TF 2.0 features (Eager execution, etc)  3) hands on example on how to fix the model if validation accuracy is much worse than training accuracy 4) LSTM models 5) how to productionize the model for real life use, like TF edge or TF.js
Often coursera courses are a bit easy / superficial. This course is a bit too much so. There's just not enough meat-on-the-bone for my liking. The instructor came across very well, the material is polished and professional, there's just not enough material for me to think of this as being a course. It only takes about an hour to do each weeks' material; the programming examples provide almost no challenge. As a first course on the topic this might be okay, but if you've done anything in this space before then it will be too easy. The course also uses the highest-level TensorFlow APIs; in a sense I wonder if this is really about TensorFlow when that same API is usable with other frameworks. I hope the rest of the specialisation has more detail.
Nice course with some flaws. It’s a course in Keras with Tensorflow under the hood but you won’t see it. It’s great it’s Keras, however the title of the course is misleading. The videos are only a few minutes per week. Mostly it’s self-study on Google-Colaboratory. If you have no clue about Python or Machine Learning you might quickly be overwhelmed by the coding involved. If you have knowledge in Deep Learning you can earn this certificate within a few hours just by answering the (rather simple) quizzes even without watching the videos because the programming assignments are not graded. The course doesn’t have the depth of the Deep Learning Specialization by Andrew Ng but Keras is a great Deep Learning Library
The course is ok-ish, as are all the other courses in the specialization. This review is for all the courses in the specialization. I have a general shallow overview of DL but wanted to learn about TensorFlow and about Keras. For this it provides a good overview. You could learn it from tutorials too but at least I benefit from taking a course, as it motivates me to finish. But, the material is very shallow and it is a shame that there are close to no graded exercises. The quizzes are super easy. And there is no capstone project. If I didn't know the basics before I probably wouldn't have understood anything.  If you know a bit of DL beforehand you can easily take one course per day. The fact that earning the certificates unfortunately degrades the value of it. If you finish in a month (and therefore only pay for a month) I think it is worth the price, even if what you learn is not that deep.
I get that this is a separate course from Ng's deep learning course, but I found the lack of theory (or even recommendations of best practices) disturbing. Additionally, I thought the videos were way too short and would have appreciated it if they had gone into detail into each Keras method used, the parameters for it, etc.  For example, on the last assignment we were supposed to use a callback on accuracy to end training, but nowhere in the videos did it mention how fit_generator() handles callbacks as opposed to how they were handled with fit(). Lastly, and most importantly, this course was advertised to be a course on Tensorflow. However, this is not the case. This is a course on Keras; Tensorflow's API. If you came here looking for how to implement a DL algorithm from scratch in TF, this is not the course for you (or me apparently).
I think this is a great way to introduce NN to people that have never seen one.But there was very little depth in this course. I finished the 4 weeks in an afternoon.  The external references were at times way too advanced, while the exercise code was way too simple. That being said, the Jupyter notebooks were a great material and helped me start with NN really quickly. The MNIST dataset is brilliant and hank you for showing how to do it. The reason why I gave 3 stars is because the MOOCs aI have done in the past were much more extensive and gave plenty of theoretical background. Some people might think that the lack of theory lowers the entry bar for students, but in my book that's a tutorial not a course. Save yourself the $40 price tag and buy a book on the topic, there are plenty out there.
Material is very well explained and very relevant but the course is short in comparison to other deeplearning.ai courses before and could be richer both in content and in exercises (which are also not graded)
Decent enough but much too abbreviated and lacking the depth I expected from a deeplearning.ai course after taking their deep learning specialization.
I know that it is an introduction but I would like more staff .
Great introductory course. The two instructors provided a nice introduction to the topics.3 points of feedback, however. 1: The forums need to be monitored more by Coursera staff; there are many great questions (some basic) in the forums that are unfortunately never answered. 2: The grading app needs to be quality reviewed/reworked. I found myself having to consistently delete the last two unnecessary cells in the submitted notebook [something not very well documented]. Also, the error messages from a non-pass submittal are vague and not very informational. What's causing the syntax error in line xx?  The syntax is perfectly fine. Code may be pefectly correct, yet fail the grader algorithm due to these quirks. 3: What is an "adam" optimizer and why am I using it? Even if it's complicated, a note about why it's out of scope and we need to use it here because of X would be very helpful for beginners.Thank you!
The programming assignment submission system needs work.  The course content is decent but very unhappy with submission system.  It is very challenging to submit.  I spent more time on the first two assignments figuring out how to submit than I did on the assignment themselves.  I had the correct work -but the submission system stinks.  Also there are issues with differing versions of python/tensorflow; I got hung up by slight changes in tensor flow api -- key values 'accuracy' versus 'acc' were challenging to debug.  Ultimately I found it easier to first develop the solution on my local computer -- I would get the code running correctly.  Then I would copy/paste that into the colab notebook -- but here is where I ran in to trouble -- differing versions of tensorflow.  But it wasn't only me -- in fact some of the class examples had the same exact issue with key values 'acc' versus 'accuracy'.
The material is very good and comprehensive and the instructors are motivating and well-versed experts. However, for an INTRODUCTION to TensorFlow this course lacks complete introduction into TensorFlow. The very first exercise just dives into the code and does not explain with a single word how TensorFlow is structured, how the library is build, where to find important functions, what important imports are and so on and so one. You have to copy and paste the code 1:1 to get it running without understanding anything about the framework. This is a really poor approach for introducing such a powerful framework. I would have expected at least one introductory video about Tensorflow, its structure and components and what are the most important modules to work with, where you can find which function and so on (keras in tf.keras as high-level module, important functions in tf.nn to work with NN)
The explanations are good, but there are no graded programming assignments and this makes the course way too easy. There are only automatically graded quizes (multiple choice) and the questions are too easy. Full disclaimer: I already completed the Deep Learning specialization from deeplearning.ai so I guess that is partly why the course seems too easy from me. Still the lack of graded programming exercises is not acceptable given that this is basically a programming course. It's a shame to give this course such a low rating (3 stars) because the professor is good at explaining and the course in general has great potential, still without graded programming assignments I don't see how you can guarantee that the people with the certificate has at least a basic grasp of the programming skills required.
This is a good beginner's course, but needs a lot of polish. The presenter is very knowledgeable, but his accent is severe, and on difficult words the transcript is entirely wrong, so there's no way of knowing what he's saying. Several of the reading assignments were mis-timed, some of the reading assignments either had dead links, or it was not apparent if there used to be a point to them but there isn't one now. The assignments were buggy -- I spent more time debugging errors in the Jupyter Notebooks that were baked in than on the actual assignments. The assignments themselves were overly easy, but the hassle of debugging made the assignments hard to get through -- the "TA"s didn't answer questions in the forums.
Good course content, but I frequently got lost by the organization of the datasets, files, etc. I learned to set up neural networks but I can't, for example, see how to run them on data on my own computer. Data is just magically present during the course. Also, it would help to have the Laurence's notebooks available somewhere in the course summary. They are accessible in the unit AFTER he has talked through them in a video, but I always want to see them WHILE he's talking through them (not just the image in the video, the actual notebook), not afterwards.
Some course material is mixed up (e.g. MNIST and Fashion MNIST datsets and examples are 'convoluted';-). Also, the performance of the resulting models is overstated. I don't think it is very impressive to make models that still make mistakes such as qualifying a horse as a human (or worse: an attractive woman as a horse). The idea from the media is, that computers/algorithms beat humans in image recognition easily (e.g. recognizing diseases in medical images), but this is not evidenced by the contents of this course.
The course is fine, but quite basic. I didn't like the fact that there was no way to submit any code homework (as in the other deeplearning.ai specialisation). Just reading some code and experimenting with it is not a good way to learn in my opinion. A suggestion: show a picture depicting the NN that is being built in the code so *this* code implements *this* CNN (or whatever) with depictions of the NN structures as in the other specialisation.
I consider programming assigments could be better. In comparison to the deep learning specialization assigments, the ones we had in these course are really poor in terms of information and clarity on what we have to do. Specially, it is incredible that there are some unfunctional code on the notebooks such as the javascript part to save the notebook, it only caused error for many students as seen in the forum
This is a great introduction to Keras, and I learned about some unknown features. Unfortunately, I had thought it would be more focused on Tensorflow, since it's in the title of the course. I had decided to take this course midway through the Deep Learning specialization. I was hoping to gain more practice with easier Tensorflow examples, but the course didn't cover any core Tensorflow.
Very approachable course, probably a little too much. Assignments can be done by simply copy-pasting notebooks from the videos without any modification in the model. The generated images are also not that varied, and give skewed image of what humans should look like.Anyhow, the videos are good, as well as the annotated notebooks, to familiarize ourselves with CNN and the Keras API.
A good quick walkthrough of how TensorFlow works, but not very in-depth.  Definately worth taking, but not worth the $60 for the certificate in my opinion.  My 3 star rating was for two reasons.  1. Price was too high for what was taught.  2. I feel like he could have gone a little more in-depth on how some of the functions were working, maybe had more complicated exercises.
The course can be done in 1 week or less.Graded exercises end up being a variation of the already available week's notebook + a bit of code that is also repeated among every exercise. Not much to learn there. First exercise was a bit confusing in its wording also.I think we should demand more from these courses if we want MOOCs to be taken seriously.
I liked the instructor, but the way the course was put together is little awkward to me. Especially reading tasks, they give you a few sentences and ask you to mark as complete, and this is the end of the task. What's point? Also, i think the coding tasks should also be self-sustaining. You can still learn through this course, though.
The course title should indicate that it introduces Keras API NOT TensorFlow. The course seems to be focused on students who are new to neural networks. However, it does not explain any concept with detail. On the other hand, students like I, who have already completed Deep Learning Specialization would find this course too basic.
This is my specific review. I have done a lot of deep learning before and doing tensorflow , thought of getting rigorous exercises but there are only 2 examples. May be this is not the right course if you want to become expert in tensorflow, but it definitely has some organized information though to start off.
The course a bit weird in the sense that if you have some knowledge in deep learning (i.e. you have passed the deeplearning.ai courses) you would learn almost nothing. On the other hand, if you did not take any other courses or do not have any knowledge you wouldn't understand whats going on.
This course is really hands-on and quite easy. You'll be using Keras during the course and it is assumed you had completed the Deep Learning specialization or another deep learning course previously. You'll be able to finish it in a couple of hours. So grab a beer and enjoy the light tour.
The course speed is relative high for an introduction. I, personally, have covered most of the contents using Keras's master book "Deep Learning with Python". I would have expected more insights into TensorFlow and not out-of-the-shelves code using Keras sequential models to play around.
Course materials are great, but there is a minor mismatch between Jupyter and Collab in versions of code and TensorFlow, as well as some comments in code, do not match the actual code below in constants. So it would be good somebody could check it through to make sure all is right.
A bit bored of only doing image recognition in every TensorFlow tutorial under the sun, including this course, as if there are no other problems to solve with it. The title is so broad that frankly I was expecting a bit more for the money than just doing image recognition.
Instructor does sound job of explaining how to use TensorFlow for deep learning. Compared to Andrew's courses, much less content in the videos and exercises. I feel that much more thought and effort could have gone into this course, just look at how verbose the name is.
it would be ok if this course were free but it's not. there are technical mistakes in the multiple choice quizzes and the mandatory programming tests. some important topics are left unexplained while some are repeated unnecessarily. check the forums for more feedback.
Though it does give you a good introduction how to make neural networks, i felt that this course doesn't explain the Keras API library, which makes it difficult to remember and understand how things work.I hope further courses in the specialization take care of that
I feel there are gaps in this course. But it was still worthwhile going through the material, to reinforce certain concepts. I had the impression that the course was initially classified for beginners, and that later on that classification was modified to advanced.
Rather basic, but the learner can strengthen it by broadening his reading. What I missed most is a conceptual introduction of what Tensorflow is and does.I did not take the Deep Learning specialization before this one. Maybe that would have made a difference.
Good introduction but lacks materials and practice to use after the class. Most of the materials its only referral. The trainer is good, except very shot videos and the setup on your pc are not discussed. But generally enoyed the lecture and learned a lot.
This course is simple in comparison with the Deep Learning Especialization, However you can learn new things like training from folders and using callback for early stopping. I consider the course is of, but the course use Keras and not tensorflow directly
The graded programming assignments are a little too ambiguous for beginners. They should really spend a day or two and model their programming assignments after the way that Andrew Ng did his programming assignments in the Deep Learning Specialization.
The homework is not designed well:1. The notebook is inconsistent with the colab env, and there are always problems here and there due to the inconsistency in tf version. 2. All 4 homeworks are similar, and it's simply a copy of the video lectures.
Not at the level of the courses from Andrew Ng. I expected it to be more about TensorFlow API than machine learning concepts. It tries to do both and does not excel in any. Got some stuff out it but you can probably say that by any course.
The course was comfortable to handle, explanations were were apt to the contents of the course, resources provided as reference were also really nice and apt, only felt that the course was a bit basic and well suited well for beginners.
A solid course, but if you have already take the deep learning specialization by Andrew Ng, there won't be too much new stuff for you. Callbacks and ImageDataGenerotor are new things for me, but I think they can be covered very quickly.
The programming assignments are vague and should be improved. The course lacks explanation content. It's more of a 'Don't question, Just follow along' tutorial. However, what is taught is presented neatly and clearly by the instructor.
it was good but there is scope of providing more thereotical contents along with videos for the concepts beyond the scope of this course so one could get better familiar with the terms (e.g adam. cross entropy)
The course is very easy for anyone who has taken other deeplearning.ai courses. The course do has good and polished material but it is very small to be called as a course. Also there should be code based exams.
The theoretical concepts are too basic, the sample code to learn tensorflow are quite repetitive. I think the course should be much more dense both in DNN theory and in programming to worth the money.
A nice intro but very basic. Would have liked not using the keras api to have fewer things abstracted away. Then keras is a nice convenience once you fully understand what it is doing under the hood.
I felt the instructor is going too fast without covering the concepts of Neural networks, CNN and basics. Or maybe i need to take a supplement course for statistics and Neural networks by Andrew NG.
A very good introductory course, however the algorithms working under Tensorflow was omitted heavily. Some technical background on how these algorithms work would enhance the quality of the course.
content and teacher are great!google collab and the submit process is tedious because of the hidden restrictions (memory space, computation power) and the bugs of the exercise submission tool
Oveall, a good course. Very good program examples. One area for improvement: fuker, more detailed explanations for ech line of code (both in the videos and the comment lines within the code.)
I was expecting an intermediate level course in which we learn how to create complex deep learning models using Tensorflow (and not keras).the course is still great for beginners... I guess
This was a very basic course entirely solvable in a few hours. It gives you some insight how to use Keras in TensorFlow, and why convolution is a good idea. It was far too basic for me.
It's not easy to complete all weekly exam for a lot of kernel errors.It is as a good starting point for TensorFlow, but is not newbie course in Machine Learning and Computer vision.
Prior knowledge of CNNs is required, instructor just walks through the modules, you shoild be prepared to learn stuff from the documentations on internet amd the sample modules.
Instructors, please take a look at the discussion forum and answer some questions. It would save students a lot of time. The content of the course was overall awesome though.
Each video is a bit too short. And the assingment can't be smoothly finished and submitted due to environment issue. The creator should try to improve the user experience.
A very basic course, but it doesn't give you any fundamentals - just gives you a chance to recall keras API better. You'll be much better off doing cs231n, which is free!
The notebooks do not provide enough information about what block implements what. A simple comment that implement custom callback here would have made things lot easier.
The course was good enough on the high-level perspective but was expecting pure TensorFlow based implementation of the models instead of using the Keras high-level API.
It's very introductory and the knowledge may not stick. I think it is more beneficial to take a full deep learning course with TF as an add-on  to the course.
Great content, excellent explanations.But I couldn't run the notebooks without running into kernel issues, the programming assignments were a real hassle.
Could have been a more elaborated course. This course mostly talks about how Keras functionality has been adopted by high-level APIs in Tensorflow.
This course gives a high-level overview to tensorflow keras api which is good to begin with but working on complex use cases would be preferred.
This course was not focused on learning tensorflow as I had hoped.  Instead, it felt like an into to neural networks course using tensorflow.
I missed graded exercises. WIth only the simple multiple-choice questions tests it becomes a try and retry game to score as high as possible,
Too easy and lacks theoretical explanation, even though there are references and it seems that it lacks the explanations on purpose...
After finishing the amazing Machine Learning course, this felt little underwhelming. Hopefully the next courses will be more in depth.
This Course is only useful if and only if u have prior knowledge about neural networks, and if previously used Tensorflow
It was a well-formatted course for someone just starting out with tensorflow as their choice of deep-learning framework.
Very good course to start with TensorFlow but a lot of problems on coursera's servers, the exercises are crashing a lot
It was annoying to keep writing the callbacks when we could use the inbuilt callbacks already provided. twas alright.
Exercises are too simple and mostly mechanical, they don't force to explore the internal network details and concepts
It was a very basic course. Didn't learn much from this course. Expecting a better & in-depth dive in future courses.
Quite short course with not so much information as for a paid course. Other than that - good intro for the beginners
The quality of assignments should be better. There should be less emphasis on overfitting the data to 99% or 100%
Compared to the Deep Learning Specialization, this course falls short in course depth and coverage of material.
the grading system is so bad it slowed the progress too much sadly, but the instructions was so clear and good.
Exercises are a little bit too simple. It is only a matter of copy/paste.The github folder structure is a mess!
I expected a TF-focused course, this was more "basic synthax of keras". Thanks for the good work nonetheless!
The code is not consistent at some places. There is no high level overview of how tensorflow actually works.
Very brief introduction. Would have been great if the discussion was elaborate and mathematical at times.
Lacks depth and complexity. The course is geared more towards complete newbies or high school graduates.
The assignment is too easy. In most cases, we only need to copy paste from the lecture example program.
Course was too shallow. I is targeted on only beginners and developers who has no ml or math background
It was a little complicated for me, Intermediate level was specified before I enrolled the course.
Little too short and basic. Recommended for absolute beginners to deep learning and tensorflow
The course is not designed up to the mark. The course is either very basic or very advance.
too easy, I want to learn more detail rather than just simply know how to use tensorflow.
Man there was no submission notebook that I didn't have to fix myself. Please fix those!
A very basic and introductory course but can add more modules and increase difficulity
It’s an introduction. You learn some basics about TensorFlow, but it’s quite simple.
Not a lot to do in the course. There should be a lot more questions to practice.
would have been better if the mentor had discussed in the discussion forums.
3 - 4 starts, introduction is OK for newbies, but I expect to get more.
Not what I hoped to see. Thank you for the producers for the efforts.
content was fine and accessible, notebook environments were flakey
Very much beginner level course and its not Intermediate at all
The explanation of the Methods and things used are a bit less.
A good simple application based introduction to deep learning
Bbasic course about keras API, but not much about TF itself.
Am not adept yet at, I need to memorize code for callbacks
This course might be too simple for a software engineer.
It was average course,same examples of tensorflow doc
not much theory, but very hands on experience
In Programming its difficult to learn for us
Moderate introduction to DL and Tensorflow
I hope they fix the bugs. So many bugs.
The first assignment was really buggy
Too easy, notebooks gave away answers
More details in explanations please
Great course, but needs more depth.
Forum is not supervised actively.
Nice to do more hands-on tf.
too easy, which is not good!
became too complex and fast
Very basic Intro.
Some of the material is a little confusing: sometimes the exercises will open on Google Collab, others in a classic Jupyter Notebook; instructions sometimes seem to lack revision to make them more organized and less convoluted. Also, references in videos should be always made into links (e.g. Andrew's videos are usually referenced as links in the class video and they are not clickable. Since the graded course is paid (and is not cheap for most third world countries) it seems that a little more care and polish should be applied. The contents are excellent, but they lack the organization and quality of the original course from Professor Andrew Ng, which was, by the way, 100% free and didn't have exercise grading locked by payment, for example.
The assignments need to be polished. They were very lackluster and non-rewarding.
The course offers a great introduction to TensorFlow methods for handling data, training models, and inferring results. Two things could be enhanced, in my opinion:1) A better estimate of the time required to read the materials and do the exercises (the course takes less time than stated).2) More in-depth explanations for certain parameters (although it could be argued that you should just follow the other deeplearning.ai specialisation for that).Overall, though, a great crash-course for getting started with Tensorflow!
I took this course after taking deep learning ai CNN course. I found this course complement the other course really well.On itself, it is a little thin on theory size, but if you have already taken the other course, then this is a great consolidation of the material.
It take some time to change the code and run examples from this course with TensorFlow 2.0 locally on my computer. Today TF 2.0 is state of the art and required in practice. Please rewrite code for TensorFlow 2.0
More or less the course takes on Tensorflow's implementation of Keras rather than Tensorflow native env. It also only focuses on computer vision domain. Kind of misleading course title.
Learn a lot of tensorflow basics, which is good. However, the course is very short and easy to complete, and I cannot apply the neural network learned in this course to actual work
When each layer visualization was taught, I didnt get that part nor in the program. Else its a great starter course
It's relatively simple course if you've already finished Andrew Ng's deep learning specialization
Great introductory course to learn the application of TensorFlow with Keras.
Great course, but can be completed shortly instead of many weeks session
Amazing way of putting all the stuff together
Useful start for practitioner.
Good practice for coding on tf
Great introduction to using Tensorflow to implement convolutional networks. I took the Stanford course  by Andrew Ng first, so many of the concepts were very familiar - in some cases, the detail was just a little bit shallow - probably to avoid interfering with getting on with implementation - but this course certainly had references outside the course to some more detailed information on topics like how convolutions help identify features or the learning factor.  The jupiter notebooks were great in that you don't need to worry about the environment much - it's already set up - a big worry for me for many of these types of courses.  But there were quirks, and a few times I (and some of the other students) could get tripped up for a little while.  If you are a developer like I used to be, then troubleshooting and debugging environment/code issues is a small hurdle though.Kudos to the instructors and those that set up the course - this is otherwise very hard material to teach and set up good "hands on" evaluation, which they did really well, a couple kinks aside.
The course is a great introduction to the use of tensorflow. Keep in mind, this course is a practisioners guide to Deep Learning, so there's not much theory involved, you just get an intuition to how things work. I'd say this is a great start to the specialization, which I feel will probably compliment Andrew Ng's specialization greatly (that one delves into the theory, but the code you make isn't really what one would use in day to day ML projects).The only thing I didn't like (why I docked a star) where the programming assignments. Too easy, and the autograder barely checks anything. You need to explore thigs by yoursefl and be disciplined, as the programming excercises let you get away with anything. That said, that seems like it only happens in this first course (maybe as a way to encourage people to keep moving forward), and the excercises get better in what I've seen of the next course.All in all, great course. Mr Moroney is one of the best teachers I've ever see, and communicates his knowledge and pasion with great ease.
This is a great course with very useful lessons that helps the students feel confident about implementing Deep Learning solutions. It is a perfect follow up for Deep Learning Specialization which lays down the theoretical  foundations. The instructor is great, and he talks about real world problems (not just Fashon MNIST but non centered, colored and large images) and explains them very clearly. There is some amount of lack of attention to details in the course which manifest itself specially in the code (typos, code and code comments not agreeing with each other, and entire lessons which are slotted for 10 minutes or more but dont have any action other than pressing the "mark as complete" button, which makes you feel that you are missing something. Also the discussion board isnt as responsive (especially moderators) as the other Deeplearning.ai courses have been in the past.
I like Laurence's teaching style. This isn't the first his course I've taken. It's nice that he has some interesting datasets of his own and some research questions. But I have a couple of suggestions to this course. First of all tensorflow documentation has a lot (and I mean A LOT) of good tutorials so I'd expect some of them to be included in the course. That what you can expect of Google's developer advocate to do. I really need some help in understanding those tutorials.   The second suggestion - the course is far too basic. That's probably OK but we really need a follow-up course  to dig much deeper into tf.data.Datasets, image processing and custom metrics and losses as an example. It's really not enough background to really reproduce results from say AI for medicine courses  that you may get from this series.
The course does a good job of teaching basic TF functionality. It doesn't go deep into actually how NNs work which I supposed is fine if you already have that knowledge. The exercises are a little finicky when it comes to grading. My biggest hangup is that the time they calculate for each week is extremely over-estimated. Half the modules are "Readings" which they allot "10 minutes" for and most of these are a single paragraph or just a rehashing of what was just said in the previous video. The exercises also shouldn't take anyone near 3 hours to complete. So, keep in mind that each week's material can be completed in probably 30-45 minutes at most...not 6 hours!
I thoroughly enjoyed the course and programming various CNNs on TensorFlow. However, in certain lectures (especially the ones with the horse/human data sets), the instructor could spend some more time explaining the process of downloading and storing the training and validation images. It took me some effort and quite a lot of Googling to figure out those parts of the code. While that might not be directly related to the task at hand (binary classification) it is, in my opinion, necessary to understand some of these ancillary tasks as well. Perhaps these explanations could be included as optional videos for those who wish to understand these features of TF.
This is an excellent course to get hands-on. Keeping some tasks as repetitive like those of the callback functions help make the person strongly hands-on and remember them. Just the way, every week's programming assignment involved writing the callback function, if there would be other TF functions/methods that the coder gets to implement and override and other TF abstract classes to extend from, that would have been cherry on top!Drilling down from the bigger picture of model definition to model.fit seemed extremely useful.And since there are tons of courses on theory of ML and DL, thank god this one just focusses on coding it out.
I like structure and content of this introdactory course. And like the easy and clear way Laurence Moroney told about all this stuff.  Particulary, I like clear formulated exercises. During course we got great bulk of working examples  in jupiter notebookes, containg full lecture, notes, likns to supporting materials!What I would improve in course it is the change a litle bit a balance from solving problems to technical implementation. We learn a lot of using CNN for image recognition. However, it would be great to listen in more details about calculating the shape for input and outputs for layers.
Course in concise and to the point, I was hoping to learn more about TensorFlow than Keras. It is a good course to dive into deep learning without much knowledge in data science. The instructor is motivating and explains the concepts fairly well. I want him to improve the explanation of the parameters (e.g steps_per_epoch vs epochs vs iterations) in Keras as the course is quite applied and making these explanations better will significantly improve the course. I hope to learn more TensorFlow in the next courses in the specialization. The examples were really good and explained the concepts well.
Very good material and enjoyed the short videos, sample code, and ease of moving through the materials.I like how it is broken into 4-weeks and the amount of effort seems appropriate.I did experience some frustration with the exercise submission process.  Seems whenever I clicked on the link to see my submission, more often than not the submission was not stored and I had to rewrite my solution multiple times. In the end, by clicking 'ok' in the submit response box (rather than the link), I had better luck, as it allowed me to return to the notebook and save it.
I loved the instructors and the content. For the first time, I found a course that actually taught me the practical aspects of deep learning in a fun and interactive way. The content was very good and the right level of difficulty, i.e. not too difficult but also reasonably challenging. One thing I would change about the course to make it better would be to have longer instructional videos that go over all the code in more detail. I did not completely understand some sections of code and I think this would have changed if there were more code explanations.
It's a great course! Very well structured, with an amazing amount of jupyter Notebooks (Colab) to work with, in a real hands on approach.Just one criticism, which is why I didn't classify it as 5 Star: There isn't much of an evaluation. The tests are a bit easy, and it would be good to have at least one extensive assignment (maybe with other datasets...). It's just that I feel the contents were really good. But if I can just pass the tests easily, I feel it doesn't really count as much of a "quality stamp" (to have passed this course).
Great course, however it was annoying having to "roll the dice" so to speak to get the answers right.  Perhaps if it wasn't left to chance to achieve the right grades, it would of been much quicker and easier to get through.  I'd say this is also a course for everyone who's had at least some experience in programming.  Understanding some deep learning helps, but you definitely need knowledge of how to code in python.  If you can code well in Python and are good with math, then this course would be a breeze for you!
Overall the course is nice and provided me with some skills. The main drawback is that the course does not demand large amount of student's input. If you are quite familiar with Python and have some basic ML understanding, I guess you can do it in less than 48 hours (including videos, readings and assessments). The tests can be guessed, the coding exercises are better, but also largely rely on the codes provided during the course. Having in mind this was "introduction", 4 stars.
Very quick and simple introduction to Neural Network using Keras's Tensorflow high-level API. Simple understandable introductory examples about how to build a neural network or Convolutional Neural Network in a few lines of code. There's no Math in this course. The downside is you won't understand how it works under the hood, and why it works (or doesn't ;-)). If you want a deeper understanding, you must study "DeepLearning Specialization" and/or "Machine Learning" course.
A great starter course.  My only suggestions:In the code completion exercises, a note or two indicating what is expected to be done, would be helpful.  You kind-of have to go back and look at the previous problems to guess what is being asked of the student.A complete slide deck would be very helpful, if only to be able to write notes onto the slides.  And it would allow the student to do less scribbling, and more pondering of the problems being discussed.
Nice class, covers some basics of tensorflow and learns how to quickly build a NN. Not too fond of the quizzes: a few unclear question/choices and lots of "learn by heart" questions (like: what is the size of the pictures in this specific dataset, what is that specific param name) which you can easily answer without understanding too much. The assignments are simple enough for an introduction, quite close to the lesson examples but still interesting.
This course is good, and is fast paced.Mr Mororney is an excellent instructor. The course is real good and basically focuses on CNN and ANN. The only  shortcoming was that they didn't really teach 'pure' tensorflow,this course is really about Keras and not tensorflow. We are taught  how to use Keras with tensorflow as backend .They should have taught basics of tensorflow such as place holders and what are tensors!.Nevertheless, it's a good course.
This is a great introductory course which focuses on implementing basic Keras models. The only gripe I have with this course is the programming assignments. I experienced many, many issues while trying to submit the assignments even with proposed solutions from the discussion board.  This isn't a show-stopper; just a little frustrating. Otherwise, I highly recommend this course to anyone getting started withTensorFlow & Keras model building.
I've been an machine learning engineer for 2 years, taking this course to push myself to learn new TF2 features. I don't think there's focus on the new distributed training feature in TF2, codes are still TF1.x.I think the last quiz had some really unclear questions, could be improved.Other than that, I love the hands-on practice part. Wish we explain more on why model performance is so brittle in the horse vs human classification example.
Although course content seems to be nice but a regular update with the current  tensorflow version needs to be done. Also, In course content there are topics listed just to tell that in next section what you will study(even provided 10 mins for that) and that is a complete waste and poorly put in the content section-this needs to be fixed.On a positive node, this course is very useful to start and I recommended this to beginners.
Great review of TF and the newer tf.keras API in addition to practical advice on deep learning projects. Lawerence has been a pretty good instructor, clear and to the point, with some good exercises. For beginners, though the course skims over some of the basics - although these are covered in Andrew Ng's Deep Learning specialization, which I took some years ago. All in all, a handy course to get cracking on TF and Keras again!
Brilliant Course for getting started with Tensorflow. The only thing I would like the instructor to include are explanation for non -TF stuff, like matplotlib codes. It would really help develop additional skills apart from making TF models. Going online to find the working of each command in a different library like matplotlib really broke my flow and my focus . So, that would be a welcome addition!
I really liked that it was very hands-on and made it very quick and easy to get up to speed on using TensorFlow for Machine Learning. That said, there was a lot less content that I expected (I finished the '4-week' course in about 1.5 days), and I was a bit disappointed that the focus was exclusively on image classification. A little variety in terms of the problems being solved would've been nice.
The course is targeted for an audience with a basic knowledge of the machine learning techniques. With that in mind, it delivers a comprehensive first look at the calibre of the TensorFlow framework. For the more advanced practitioners the programming exercises and the quiz might seem a bit on the easier side. Overall it is a great place to start for those who wish to begin with TensorFlow. Kudos!
The contents and instructor is excellent. Unfortunately one is faced with mainly two downfalls. Fist, there always seems to be some sort of submission problem which usually involves some kind of "hacking" from the user's part to make it work. Secondly, it's very hard to get answers to most doubts since the activity in the discussion Forums is very little, specially from instructor-level sources.
Overall a very good course (with knowledge from the deep learning specialization) to get a deeper knowledge in tensorflow. But sometimes in the exercises you feel a little left alone, because of missing information (example Week 4, which folder should you use, what's the resolution of the images, you can find out but that requiered (for me I had to downloaded the files and check what i needed).
The course is quite light even for introductory one. At the same time, I enjoyed examples of NN implementations in colab and elaboration on how the code works. The most interesting for me personaly were hints and techics helping to develop a better understending on how the NN are builing its knowlarge on input data. I look forward to checking other courses of specialization out.
That course was superb, but there were much references to other content, ik that was important but just as a suggestion I would say you can put this specialization in 5 courses or add 1 Week in each but please teach that all, by the way 4 stars were just to grab your attention as review otherwise I literally loved the content thank you Mr. Laurence and Mr, Andrew
Should probably spend more time on lectures. They're a little too short, and almost exclusively just designed to discuss snippets of code that help you solve the immediate assignment. I realize that this is a hands-on course, but intuition provided could have been much better. If you want to know how that's done, refer to 3Blue1Brown's series on Neural Networks!
very structured from the beginning, the time required to complete this course is calculated very carefully so even if you're a beginner with deep learning you'll be complete the course on time. there are a lot of useful resource links as well which reduces the learning effort. i really liked this course and it made me more confident to pursue the specialization.
The course topics were well conversed by Lawrence. But I find it difficult to process the programming assignment, not because its difficult for me, I completed what I am supposed to do and got desired output on it but the submission and grading mechanism is a bit faulty and misleading. The Discussion Forums also got not much mentors or fellow students helping
Really nice course for basic Tensorflow, It will be much better if a real world example is explained with every aspect of machine learning. Like data aquisition, sufficiency, labelling, model building, evaluation and deployment. I am not saying to show the steps how to do it, but some pointers will be nice. Final project should at least include everything.
A really simple and intuitive approach to Neural Networks in TensorFlow. Smart and simple examples to experiment by yourself how to build image classification with a few lines of code in python. For me was useful to recap what I already studied in DeepLearning.ai courses. This course was pretty good to do some practical exercises and an overall recap.
This is way too easy for an intermediate course I believe. But some of the concepts like visualizing the activations of the layers, writing the custome callbacks are really nice. Overall the explanations were really good and the notebooks gives really good insight and playground to play with parameters and learn how these functions (API) work.
I like Mr Moroney's videos. He is very good in explaining things. Sometimes he goes a bit too fast through the notebooks. It would be very nice if he could dive a bit deeper into the mathematical/theoretical backgrounds. The theoretical sources for reading are good, but I find it sometimes very helpful if somebody is explaining it. Thanks.
This course focuses on the practical programming aspects of deep learning networks rather than the theory. It is very helpful to get hands-on training with tensor-flow.  I would highly advise taking Andrew Ng's Deep Learning course before taking this course as it makes understanding fundamentals of deep learning more meaningful and fun.
Very good to start some coding and get hands-on experience. However, they do not go into depth about what the parameters mean and why it makes sense to set them just as they do it in the instructions. It gives you a great experience, but I am not sure if all this is useful when working with real data on real problems with real pitfalls.
The course has a lot of good material, and is a great follow-up to the more theoretical Deep Learning Specialization.However, I can't give it five stars because the exercises are a bit repetitive, and the quizzes have some very poorly worded questions. I know this is a new course, so I hope they can smooth out some of these rough edges.
Excellent course to get a grasp on the basics of ML/DL with Computer Vision on TensorFlow. Lecture delivery is super clear and the exercises nicely complement the material and give you the hands-on work you need. Having taken Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course will significantly help as this course is more practical than theoretical.
Good starting point to learn about training and deploying Deep Learning Models using Tensorflow. Some concepts cause a little confusion regarding the import structure of these libraries. Sometimes only  import tensorflow is used while sometimes keras is imported as well. But all the code uses tf.keras , so it gets a little confusing.
It's good enough for beginners, but I have to say it's still a little bit easy. Maybe teacher can give us more reading materials or show us more interesting projects that we can reach after this Specialization and I think that can be called an introduction. But anyway, I think the course is better than many tutorials on the Internet.
This course offers a very solid introduction in tensorflow for CNN applications. One comment I had is that the quizzes did not test for deep understanding at all. They were more things you'd remember literally from the text and explanation, rather than new questions that can only be answered with some deeper understanding.
It's really a good course for hands-on in Deep learning using TensorFlow and Keras.It's going to be great fun with very short videos and getting more focus on practical aspects.This course is very precise and I really liked it and recommend for everyone who have their interest in AI, Machine Learning, and Deep Learning.
With this course I learned new things on tensorflow. However, It feels like it is very very simple introduction to tensorflow. After finishing Deep Learning Specialization I thought that this Specialization will be complementary. I'm disappointed a little bit on the first course. I believe other courses will be better!
Completed course - most issues I ran into involved submission related issues as I was running everything alongside on my machine and was successful. Part 4 also seems a little lacking in the middle for hands on time compared to the other sections, but I was able to figure it out by taking notes during the videos.
Very, very basic course for absolute beginners. It makes sure you know enough to build and train models for simple image recognition tasks. 4 weeks is a crazy long period for it, though. I finished it in 2.5 days (I have previous exposure though), but even a beginner should be able to do it in 1 week.
It is quite a good course. But you need to finish the additional materials along the way to really understand the purpose of parameters in different sequential layers. But that's only if have never studied DL. If you have, then like me you can rather focus on the computational features of tensorflow.
This course although thought me the basics of DNN but there can be improvements in the code (notebooks) and in the videos as they only  tell the abstract part of the concepts. Overall the course was great it helped me alot  from knowing what is keras to the journey of building my own model. Thanks
I expected that they would teach "Tensorflow" not Keras(its high level implementation), If youre here for learning tensorflow then maybe you should refer to some books. Overall the content is good if are new to Deep Learning and want to learn keras. Thanks Andrew-ng Thankyou Laurence Moroney.
Wish it was a little more in depth about things that it taught. It was a very high level overview. Considering that it's a beginner, may be that is how it should have been. But I personally would have liked to learn things in-depth. Kudos to having us do lots of practical assignments!
The course content was really good. But as greed for more never ends, it would be great if we could be able to shed some more light on few gray areas like in what situations we should go for 64 filters or 32 filters, how to determine size of the hidden layer in terms of neurons etc.
Thanks to Laurence and Andrew for the sharing there knowledge which have all the foundation requires to get the AI understanding using Tensorflow , keras. Simply awosome .This is really a refresher for those who already are into datascience field, even for the aspiring students too.
This is a good introductory course for using Tensorflow. If you have finished the deep learning specialization, you will easily breeze through this course. It is an overall great course however, I feel that the instructor could have discussed the concepts a little bit deeper.
Can be hard to figure out what needs to be done in the exercises (excepet week4). Also it would be great to have more resources available to understand the underlying maths behind some of the algorithms. Other than that, good intro to the TF library (mainly keras for NNs)
decent course to begin with, but doesn't take you into the details of all the parameters, functions used. Instead focuses more on solving the problem easily through Tensorflow. Could be better if given the rationale behind using all functions, choice of parameters etc.
This is fantastic stuff, made simple if you have done earlier course of Deep Learning from Dr. Ng this is at another level, I feel little confident that I may be able to code without copy pasting.. hopefully the next course in the series gets introduced serious stuff..
Good course which gives the brief explination on how  to use the TensorFlow framework to solve many computer vision problems. This course is designed to such that the beginner too will feel more confident understanding the details of the machine learning techniques.
Overall, pretty good, clear information. The submissions were a bit annoying because of bugs with the system, but that wasn't anything to do with the course content.Some of the "graded" exercises could have been a bit more thought-provoking and less "copy & paste".
This course actually gives you hands-on coding deep neural networks starting from very basic ANN to image classifier. The explanation is easy to understand and is more focused over practical part which is very important. Overall the course is an excellent starter.
Hello , This was very helpful , I gained some new information. I can not believe that I finally used the famous tensorflow library , and this is my first time to do picture classification. This course leaved me with some questions that I will try to research.
Thanks for the course! This course pretty much starts from where I left off i.e. Machine learning course from Andrew NG. And, I am happy using TensorFlow which saves a lot of time to experiment and concentrate on the problem at stake than the program itself!
I like courses that are longer and more in depth such as the first specialization of deeplearning.ai, I just could not continue that one because financial help always got me financed the first course which I had completed and cannot pay for the other ones
Nice introduction. Tests are too easy. Exercices are easy too, but still is fine, rather I prefer them to be more challenging (like: 'try to play with number of epochs and other parameter to achieve 99% accuracy for example ' and do not guide to much).
This course was a little too basic and introductory, personally. But the course structure really makes up for it. It is better suited for someone who is new into this field. Since I had half a year's experience in PyTorch, this course felt too simple.
I loved the fact that it was more hands-on than theoretical. Although I did expect some more explanations on some parts.. but the suggested links were good enough for those parts.. Overall, I loved it. Lawrence is really good at what he's doing.
Should have provided more explanation about the assignments. The explanation videos about the topics are no longer than 4 minutes. You should know some of the DNN concepts, then you can understands the assignments in depth and more clearly.
Not being able to run the notebooks on Coursera was frustrating. Fortunately, running them on colab wasn't difficult - just an unnecessary impediment.Was nice to see some of the more abstract deep learning terms be put to use fairly easily.
May be provide resources to learn some senior grammar knowledge for python, because basic knowledge for python does guarantee we could understand the code perfectly, but simply remember its form in case of a particular complex line of code.
I had a background of Andrew Ng's Machine Learning Course so i did not really have any difficulties with it. However, a bit more detail on conv nets' theory will make this course much better. Still, I loved this. Thank you deeplearning.ai!
Good course, somewhat easy, but I anticipate a lot more new and interesting and useful stuff in the remaining sessions yet to be offered. It would be good to point out what is now Tensorflow 2.0. I anxiously await the new material. Thanks!
Great course, excellent contents. I would have loved more smooth intro about the generator as I found we suddenly went to talking about this generator without prior introduction. To be honest, I still cant see the value of this generator!
Good introduction to TensorFlow, but that is all there is. Don't expect to gain any understanding in how neural networks are and work from here. It is only about learning the TF API.I think the title is a little misleading in that sense.
Very conceptual course, with few exercises to help you learning how to build a basic convoluted neural network to a dataset of images. I enjoyed it, also because it provides many sources to use if you want to dive deeper on your own.
I learnt PyTorch prior to TensorFlow. Still found this course is very helpful. Thanks to the instructors. The only thing is, I wish all the reading links could be listed down on one page, and all the notebook links arranged together.
Laurence is an expert in this field. The material covered in this course is relatively basic, but I think it is a good introductory course for TensorFlow. I was expecting more / elaborate material for the graded assignments, though.
I took this course for the more low-level API in TensorFlow since I already had experience with Keras. But it was still a fun course to watch and an excellent start for people who are just beginning their journey in Deep Learning.
The week four programming exercise needs some improvements. I can not unzip the data, so I had to download this exercise and finished it in local environment. Finally, I hope some videos can have Chinese subtitle in the future.
very practical courses with examples.  May address some knowledge on NN architecture design, such as why place an additional flatten layer before the final layer.  Some cases, we didn't need such layer and the reason why?
The assignments in the course felt very shallow and did not go beyond the examples described in the lecture videos. Despite this, the lecture videos break down ML & DL using Tensorflow in an understandable manner.
Laurence Moroney is an awesome teacher, can't believe I learned this such in just 1 single course and now I can classify a sad or a happy face  and other cool stuff like classifying humans and horse .Great Course
This course gives you a great knowledge of TensorFlow. It is better if they've also included the basics of ML in the course like Linear Regression, Logistic Regression and supervised and unsupervised learnings.
The course gives a good insight in various aspects of computer vision, using tensorflow. It is also a great platform to exercise tensorflow 'online' using Google Colab- an interesting interactive documentation.
Great information delivered in easy to understand lectures with smooth transitions. Having assignments required to pass the course would provide more motivation to spend more time on the hands-on exercises.
I did get excited about Data generator option , just give the directory of images and it will label automatically for us ! cool .Working on complicated data was also cool looking forward to next challenge !
A wonderful course for those interested in TensorFlow. Although I don't fully agree this is completely meant for beginners, you ought to have some basic python skill set. But, overall a wonderful course.
Videos are fantastic, especially when visually illustrates max pooling and convolutions. course  works are somewhat seemed like fill the blank type of assignment and does not require deep understandings.
Very well organized. Good speakers. Content is comprehensive for a Introductory Course. A little more explanation on Validation versus Testing and on some of the evaluation functions would be helpful.
First of all, thank you coursera for this such a great learning experience, autograder was a bit problematic, but if you want to learn basics of tensorflow i think this course is great way to start.
An excellent introduction to Neural Networks! At times, the exercises were quite easy. If the instructor could give more external links to datasets, it would allow students to try it themselves.
Love the material, Laurence is a great instructor. There were some strange technical issues with the exercises that should be improved, but other than that I've learned a lot! Thanks guys :)
The course should included some information of how the hyper parameters of different models should be tuned and what are their effects.Apart of that, the course was very comprehensive !! :)
Great intro to TensorFlow and Deep Learning for the typical software engineer. Week 4 could have been a bit more detailed - Week 4 tries to cover too many stuff.  Week 5 recommended :)
It was a really nice introduction to deep learning , And the Course was broken down to be simple for beginners . Eagerly waiting to complete the next 3 Courses in this Specialization
This course gives a good introduction to tensorflow with explanations of each parameters used be it layers or filters. It mainly gives an experience of hands-on course on tensorflow.
Errors like "Can't compile the student's code. '>' not supported between instances of 'NoneType' and 'float'" just because of usage of "acc" vs "accuracy", somehow could be fixed.
The course structure is very nice. One thing that needs to be improved is that each and every code line should be explained properly instead of explaining the whole block at once.
easy to follow videos. great paste on code walkthrough. the notebook running environment needs to be turned to use correct tf versions. there are a lot of confusion in that area!
The course content seemed to be fairly less. For people with prior knowledge in tensorflow, it acts a quick refresher. The tests were pretty easy, hoped for something difficult.
Its a good introduction for beginners to tensorflow library. I would suggest first clearing your fundamentals of machine learning and computer vision before taking this course.
It is very good introductory course, however, it doesn't dive deep into the math behind the concepts or the other codes in the notebooks. But definitely a good starter course.
The course was great, and it was a wonderful introduction to Tensorflow, I would like to go beyond the basic, having more technical material that cover the topic more deeply.
Great course but should go in-depth about the functions used. Also, the part about making a custom classifier for multiple categories (more than two categories was missing)!
Some minor but annoying mistakes prevent the highest score. The introduction is easy to understand. Exercises and examples are easy but helpful for understanding. Great job!
A very thorough and dynamic course, that helps you understand exactly how to build a basic NN using tensorflow and keras, though the programming exercises are very simple.
The course is well and truly good, I just want a feature like having a section called 'resources' so that for each week we can go to that section and access the notebooks.
The instructor is really good at conveying the concept across. However, I would like to see better assignments that would force me to use the concepts that I had learned.
The instructor is explaining really nicely but some of the aspects of the code is not explained vividly.If that is included , then the course can definitely be perfect.
a  short description about everything would have really helped instead of referring to another course/set of videos.This would have helped to focus on this course only.
This course provides a great introduction to tensorflow for those with no direct experience. Though it may seem a bit basic if you have even a few weeks of experience.
Excellent course for beginners or people experienced in other frameworks desiring to quickly get up to speed with TensorFlow; worth it only if you cram it in a week.
This was a good first course on using TensorFlow going from simple linear regression to CNN.  I would definitely recommend this course for anyone new to TensorFlow.
It is very interesting course and easy to follow for beginners of tensorflow provided that student have some introductory background knowledge of machine learning.
I think there can be more reference videos so that we can understand in depth about how convolution works! but these videos do help maximum to understand concepts.
The course was quite interesting and the assignments given were also hard to solve, so I enjoyed solving them but submitting those assignments was a bit annoying.
As someone who has used Tensorflow and Keras before, this course was a good refresher and even helped me learn new things such as callbacks and image generators.
Its a short course which introduces you to basics of building neural network but if you know that you can definitely skip this course and maybe do the next one.
Instructor helped me to understand the value and usefulness of the subject matter covered by the course.The assignment were relevant and helpful to my learning.
it was a little too basic. I was expecting to learn tensorflow and not keras.And also the grading system is a struggle.Apart from that the teaching was great
The course was very preliminary in nature. I could complete it within one week. May be it is designed for someone with no introduction to Machine Learning.
A brilliant start for a learner who is eager to engage in AI. For me, a Chinese practitioner, the Chinese subtitle could be uploaded as soon as possible.
It is definitely an exciting course to kick start your experience into deeplearning . Kudos to the course instructor Laurence Moroney for this course .
These courses are a great complement for the theoretical deeplearning.ai courses, I recommend you do this after and learn more about the modern tools.
Great material. The grader and jupyter notebooks need to converge with the github repo. Copies of original assignments on github would really help!
The ideas were explained in a really good manner. The level should have been more challenging for programming assignments with less hand-holding
A good intro to computer vision.   You may want to supplement your course with external content to fill in gaps that will differ for each of us.
Great introduction on Tensorflow and some key concepts of NN, however I find the course fees is slightly too expensive for such an introduction.
It was a grate experience to learn Dnn, Cnn, keras , tensorflow . Concepts where explained with examples which made course easy and intesrting.
Course is pretty good except for one issue, arugument expected by logs.get() in notebook is 'acc' but video in course urges to use 'accuracy'.
There are some technical issues with submitting the assignments. These can be easily overcome, take some time to find out how to do it though.
The course is great, If you have already done deep learning specialization by deeplearning.ai then this course will give the finishing touch!
too easy for experienced programmer, only introduce keras instead of full tensorflow api, it will helps if an advanced course can be offered.
Quite a good and practical course work....however the problem set needs to have more difficulty. Overall a nice course...worth recommending!
The course material features code snippets, that aren't well explained. Please leave some resources for how to read the os instructions etc.
It was a pretty amazing course. Beginner level, not course heavy . Being a beginner, I didn't even for once feel tuned out or lost interest.
Tight, simple coverage of the subject.  Possible to move quickly through the course, if the user is familiar with this level of TensorFlow.
This course helped me lot as beginner.The only thing is why the assignments were still marked as unfinished even though i have finished it.
It is a perfect foundation course, to start with simple to learn and use keras api behind the doors, integrated with tensorflow framework.
very interesting, and well structured, videos are a tad bit short and lack some detailed content. Overall a fine introduction to the topic
The lessons are pretty amazing. The only problem that I  encountered was the complex ML terms that popped all the time during the course,
It is a good intro for CNNs and Keras+Tensorflow, but it felt too basic. Also,  adding some projects would've raised the challenge a bit.
This Course serves all the basics required to start with tensorflow. I recommend this course if people are planning to learn the basics.
Good course to begin with, it doesn't dive into deep learning details but it teaches you to start writing your own deep neural networks.
Nice, well explained, good examples and exercises. Just a little bit basic for an intermediary level, but it is just to start I presume
The course was nice and clean but for a beginner it is a lot, so if the course is implemented in much more easy way that will be great
Ideal Course for basic knowledge on deep learning and enhances yoour knowledge on deeplearning and introduces you to computer vision
The content was really good and precise yet vague enough to engage your mind.Although the submission grading could use some upgrade.
Loved it a lot nice course give intro to deep learning  ,ai ,ml using tensorflow Most loved part is the assignment and completing it
This whole course is just awesome in every prospective but little improvement needed in course content like increasing more details
very good course for the starters to acquire the basic use of tf. It is better to add course to show how to save the model. Thanks!
you will know the implementation of neural networks with keras u will get practiced with the codes.Its preety easy amazing helpful
I less start because being pretty green with Neural Networks, there were some concepts that I did not understand right off the bat
I appreciated the bite-size introduction of the concepts involved. It has given me the confidence to handle more complex concepts.
The course was good. But, they are explained very briefly. I think, the video length could be increased for better understanding.
I learned a lot about image processing, TensorFlow and CNN.The exercises are useful to practise the coding and concepts.Thank you
good introduction, but only introduction is not practice, just classifier from tensorflow dataset is not helpful for real problem
Some comments weren't well adjusted.... Seems the team was a bit lazy during the last week Programming Assignment Documentation.
Everything is good but can do better if the instructor can give a gist about the various functions being used like softmax, etc
Really good introduction provided for tensorflow. A little more depth if provided for tensorflow concepts would have been good.
Good course to start tensorflow if you have no prior experience. Content is nicely organized and gives a overview of the topic.
Nice course. Gives you and overview of building neural networks. Touches on many subjects, but doesn't dive too deep into them.
The course is good for understanding Keras API, but lacks of explanation of what backpropagation is and other important stuff.
This course is very helpful in getting a quick intro to the TensorFlow framework if you already know basics of Deep Learning.
The course is very well set for learning it give full experience of learning and the course instructor is very great teacher
I faced many problem with the grader. Please fix it. You can see from the forum that are many people facing problem with it.
Decent overview, doesn't go too far in depth in anything - provides some links to deeper material but doesn't touch on them.
I learned overview of TensforFlow librarby and convoluation layer. Know about classification in computer vision application
good set up of examples that allow you to go from the simple case to more advanced cases. a good start point for beginners.
The class is good for persons who are new to Data Science and want a practical entry but does not go very deep into theory.
Week 4 was not explained as good as other. I still face the problem with the cocept of week 4. Rest everything is great.
Week 4 was somewhat disappointing, spent a lot of time in boilerplate codes. Was expecting to learn more about ML ideas.
The course in itself was great and the exercises were easy. But the sound quality in the videos should have been better
this lecture provides a good starting for learning Tensorflow.there are good exercises with doing actual python coding,
Had some problems with the automated graders. I had to remove two JS cells from each exercise to get a correct grading.
It has more of keras and less of tensorflow. The course structure is good. A little knowledge of CNNS would be helpful.
Good intro to Neural Networks, but would recommend going through other Machine Learning courses if a complete beginner.
Some theories arent explained but overall, as a student, I obtained some experience on making a NN model by tensorflow
The content of this course is fantastic. The only reason for a four-star review is due to the troublesome auto-grader.
Always amazed at what coursera has to offer..if anything it has given me purpose as to what i want to pursue in future
Very easy to understand the contents especially using the high level API such as Keras. Very recommended for beginners
Good course for beginners. Althoug best resuts will be for those who have come through Andrew Ng's inintial DL course
In general the course was nice. I just got some issues dealing with TF 1.x and 2.x. Anyway, I recommend this course.
I thought this course is more focused on the basic elements of TensorFlow, but it was very heavy on computer vision.
Very beginner friendly. Evaluation task could be a little more challenging than just copy-pasting the example code.
It is good, only it starts very basic and later assumes a lot of previous knowledge. But overall very informative.
I liked the course as it is practice oriented, but 4 weeks is too long for it. 2 weeks would be more than enought.
There are some issues with code in the graded Juypiter notebooks that keeps the grader from compiling submissions
Each chapter contains too less contents. Should compress the contents more so that it will be easier to navigate
No graded assignments, need more clarifications on how the params are calculated in model summary in tensorflow.
Nice course, but the big content were coming so suddenly. So make the course bigger and give proper detaills.
Precise and clear. Would recommend AndrewNG's deep learning course before doing this course for more clarity.
A Good course presenting many interesting concepts about computer vision and convutionnal neural networks.
An introduction to use TensorFlow. However, some workflows were not easy to follow, especially in Week 4.
after Dr. Andrew Ng's introduction courses, this one provides good chance to play skills with tensorflow.
It's a good start to master the TensorFlow, but maybe it's need more exercises and real life challenges.
Good beginners course on tensorflow. Could be more detailed as it only covers the surface of few topics.
I would need some more on the last week's content. The rest could not be made any better. It's perfect.
A graded coding exercise in a Jupyter notebook would be cool, but otherwise great for an intro course.
This course is very good for the students who started their research in Deep learning using Tensorflow
this is a great intro course but requires the student to be somewhat proficient in ML and DL concepts
A good introduction course but not very challenging and does not go deep into details of TensorFlow.
This is an nice introductory course on TensorFlow and how implement machine learning algorithm in it
A very beautiful course to grab knowledge easily and practical handson a beautiful method to learn.
The content is good. It is supposed to take 4 weeks but I think all can be done in less than a week
Thanks for this course. I learned so many things just in 2 weeks.I want to learn more from Coursera
Really helpfulInclude lots in meIgnite me for learning more about the topic covered in this course
Good for beginner, a little easy for people with experience in Keras. Better teach tf, not keras.
Graded exercises face a lot of bug issues which were hard to figure out where the code was wrong.
The course is real good with practical task for understanding the neural network and tensor flow.
This was the most powerful yet concise course that let's you learn a year's effort in just 1 day
Basic understanding of Deep Learning concepts in a rather simple and easy to understand manner.
Quality content ,Easy explaination .Get clear picture of Tensorflow,Computer vision,SNN and CNN
the course is very informative and covers the basics of neural networks and convolution layers
Good introductory course, but could have been a little more in-depth for better understanding
The course is very good for beginners. It should also include data pipelining in TensorFlow.
Introduction is super accurate.  But great for people who have not done any of this before.
This course helped me learn the basic code for classifying images. Its a good start for me.
This was really great course , looking forward to complete such amazing courses in future.
there's a problem in the grading system in tensorflow version, works only with old version
Not as challenging as I was expecting. Leaves you with some very useful resources, though!
very good course for who wants to know how to use Tensorflow as Machine Learning Framework
a bit redundant with the Deep Learning Specilization by Andrew Ng but a very good reminder
Very interesting, explanations clear and quick. Perfect to start playing with Tensorflow!
Good introductory course. With a lot of focus on codes. Lack of theoretical stuff though.
It is really nice and explains a lot of things but could have been easier to understand.
The course roughly goes over the Tensorflow implementation of Neural Networks and CNNs.
Excellent gentle introduction to Tensorflow. With a very efficient ramp up in skillset.
Exercices are too easy, it almost copy paste from the examples given during the course
Awesome course. I just wish I didn't have to write the same stuff over and over again.
The mathematical ideas and algorithms were missing, apart from that it was informative
Sometimes, even if correct answers are provided for assignment, it is graded as zero.
maybe is a little sample, but it's still a good course for the fresh man. Good Begin!
Nice course for a biginar to understand the topics of tensor flow and computer vision
Provides the basic hands-on required for the introduction to tensor-flow environment!
Good Course. Needed  a little more clarification on certain things. But almost good.
I wish there was a little bit more theoretical perspective of what we were doing :)
Provides great overview on the process of designing and learning the neural network
Best for beginners who want to get an idea about deep learning and neural networks.
helpful insights about convolution and pooling. I could see how they work together.
Excelent, exept for the part of submiting the task. Always with bugs and problems.
This is a very useful course for learning how to use TensorFlow/Keras efficiently.
I understand its an introduction but more depth and graded work would really help.
It would be better if there was programming assignement. The Quiz were very easy.
It teaches the basics of tensorflow library for building a deep learning models.
Great course, however, the explanations of all the code could be more elaborate
Helpful but the notebook exercises don't always run even with the correct code.
I wish the 3rd and 4th week lectures to be taught a bit more deeper and clear.
Some code examples are outdated or incorrect but overall the content is great
Should have some challenging problem that requires a bit of critical thinking
this course is very useful for my project work. course contain good resource.
I wish the course provides references to associated academic papers as well.
Good For Beginners with very intuitive delivery of Deep Learning concepts .
A decent introduction to tensor flow through convolutional neural network.
The course was great, just expected a bit more discussion on the theories!
Very interactive user interface and a great platform to learn Tensorflow
The videos were great. The assignments could have been more challenging.
too introductory, can be done in a couple of hours, very good instructor
Good introduction course and materials (notebooks), but no deep details
It would be great if the programming assignments were more challenging.
Very basic to take on tensorflow and clean and clear explained videos.
Could have gone a bit deeper into the concepts, overall a good course.
I got a great concept of machine learning using Tensorflow. Great job.
Good if you have a good knowledge on ML and core concepts in you head.
This is great course to give insights of a framework like tensorflow.
Expected it to be a bit more difficult in terms of quiz and exercise.
quite easy to pass, but you can learn basic of tensorflow. have fun!
The course was nice. However, I expected that it would be more deep.
The concepts are taught very well, but the assignments are too easy.
Basic tensorflow code and simple examples, its ok to getting started
The material is good but there could be more content in the course.
exercise is very good. we are sure to get a hands-on the TensorFlow
Thanks, learning was really easy because of the clear explanations.
Decent course if you have some background on deeplearning already.
It's a basic course on building deep learning models. So point 4.
Its a good course for kick start in Tensorflow and neural network
A lot of external material. Would be better to have it in-place.
Overall is good. The content is too easy for one course, though.
A great Introduction into an obscenely complex topic.Thank you!
A very good high level introduction on how to use TensorFlow :D
Pretty easy course for those who wants to know about tenserflow
The course gives a good Intro to TensorFlow and other concepts.
There are some bugs with notebooks, but overall a nice course!
Good start to tensorflow functions and some practice as well.
This course covers  basics of tensorflow. Good for beginners.
More clear explanation on tensorflow modules would be helpful
some assignments can be improved so it's easier to be graded.
Hope to add an explanation for  eager execution & subclassing
This first course is a short one, indeed an introduction one.
Nice introduction to using TF with some very simple examples
The instructor could have explained some of the code better.
This is a very good MOOC to start with tensorflow learning.
The code on colab notebook is not clearly visible on screen
The course was easier then I had hoped. Still informative.
It was a quick and dirty introduction to Machine Learning.
I would be great if there will be more practical examples
Good course, though the material is very basic in nature.
More practical marked exercises and exams should be good.
It's really amazing and easy to understand for begginers
Good intro - perhaps a bit simplistic on the exercises.
The quiz could be better. The overall content was good.
Pretty good course for getting started with TensorFlow
just provide written material like notes or something
Very practical course. A little bit superficial, IMHO
This is a very small and precise introductory course.
Great course.. it more pragmatic than just theories.
Would have given 5 stars if it were more theoretical
I would have liked to have more focus on Tensorflow
Got some basic idea of deep learning and tensorflow
One of the best courses in Tensorflow for beginners
A very nice refresher course for DNN and CNN layer
The course fulfilled the introductory objectives.
Good basic level course. Keras to build CNN model
amazing course for beginners. Great way to start
Very practical and hands-on experience material!
I guess, it could be much more than only 4 weeks
A very commendable course by Professor Moroney.
There are a lot of submission-related problems
It was very repetitive. However, i enjoyed it.
Really Interesting and an Easy to Go Course!!!
A nice quick intro to Tensor flow..very useful
good course for a beginner, A LOT of practice
It's good to take a quick look to Tensorflow.
Course is nice but more keras then tensorflow
It is good when you just want to get started
Great course for introduction to TensorFlow
Easy to learn, easy to implement. Amazing!
it is helpful but a little bit superficial
Very good, but I would expect a bit more.
A lot of code is not explained properly.
Beginner rather than Intermediate level.
should have add NLP also in this course
I like the flow of course and material
Elementary introduction to Tensorflow
Great experience and nicely explained
Simple course for beginners ! Good.
Good, but expect more informative.
Syntax should of been taught more
What a beginning to TensorFlow!!
A good experience as a beginner
Very good course on basic CNN.
It was pretty basic but good.
it was very good for beginer
Helpful but, Content is less
good content for a beginner
it's really an introduction
Good Course for beginners.
Great course for newbies !
excercises could be better
Good introductory course.
a little bit too simple
Great Course, loved it
basic and interesting
Pretty basic stuff.
It was a bit tough
Great start of AI.
Loved it...
Very Easy.
Good intro course, but google colab assignments need to be improved. And submitting a jupyter notebook was much more easier, why would I want to login to my google account to be a part of this course?
The course demystified simple computer vision classification use-cases by leveraging TensorFlow. This is a great follow-on course to Andrew Ng's 11-week Stanford Machine Learning course.
Great course to get started with building Convolutional Neural Networks in Keras for building Image Classifiers. This is probably the best way to get beginners into Deep Learning for Computer Vision.
An awesome practical course that helps me to start creating my first neural networks using keras in such great methods, the instructor is very good at delivering the knowledge he has.
Very good and concise introduction to tensor flow.  Important parameters to methods are explained so they are understood and no longer mysterious.  The course starts with a very simple "Hello World" type model and builds to a more complex CNN.  During this evolution, the code becomes necessarily more complex but the additional methods are explained as they are introduced.
I had a great time going through this course. I had a lot of challenges but which made me love the course even more. While I'm excited to start the next course, would still like to go through certain areas of this course to get a better grasp on some areas. I'm grateful to Cousera for such a learning opportunity!
There is quite some bugs in the example exercise code. Hope they can improve this in the future. Despite that, the content of the course is well designed and is a good start for beginners in TF
I have completed this course lately and trust me this is a wonderful course which is not just well developed and designed but has also been quite understandable to noobies of Tensorflow.All the coding done in the course was explained in a very simple and elegant way.

Thanks Laurence Moroney and Andrew Ng for coming with such an amazing course.
An amazing start to someone looking to learn AI !
Really nice introduction to TensorFlow with Keras. Laurence Moroney is so didactic that makes complex problems to look easy. Really recommend as a first interaction with TensorFlow.
This course is good at what it's meant to do, introduce the fundamentals. Would love to see more of Tensorflow 2.0 in an improved version of this course.
without a doubt, Laurence's teaching is much better than reading the documentation! The course is a great starting point!
This course does an impressive job in filling the gap between theory and practice. It's part of a specialization and as such you cannot expect it to cover every single detail from the very beginning, and it's not supposed to go too deep into what Tensorflow can do.  It does an excellent job in introducing little by little the tools necessary to build neural networks, explaining the details of every line of code used and giving you everything you need to create a functioning, simple prototype.It can't be stressed enough that this is an intermediate course and it obviously requires knowledge on the topic as well as programming in general, but it's not advanced. It's not supposed to explain the theory behind Deep Learning. It goes even as far as adding links to various free resources such as the youtube videos from Andrew Ng's Machine Learning and Deep Learning videos to help the user understand the theory behind some concepts.
This course jumps right in and in a clear way presents a few real world like problems and solutions for them using neural networks. I am not sure how I would have felt if I had no prior ML experience taking this, it's missing a lot of basics. But perhaps that's the positive, as you get to do coding and see things in action which hopefully should energize you to dig in a bit more into things like optimizers, gradient descent, neurons, weights, training, etc. Anyway, 5 stars due to good practice examples.
I completed the 5 course Deep Learning Specialization before and was a bit unsure, if this course would still be worth it - it absolutely was. It helped me augment the theory and limited practical experience I had so far with some fun, straight to the point hints, recaps and exercises. I particularly appreciated playing with the visualization of what goes on as an image gets transformed on its way through a convnet. That was super useful to deepen the intuition.
1 week into the course so far and I really, really enjoy this course. Been following Laurence for quite a long time now and more than happy to see two of the coolest guys in AI doing such an amazing work. Although I have exams I am not missing a day watching at least 1-2 videos of them :) 100% recommended!
it is a very excellent course introducing some basic knowledge about TensorFlow , teaching students how to use TensorFlow to deal with some AI programs. This course provides students with access to try their effort to use TensorFlow, and obtain more understanding about this power python library.
This is extremely gentle intro to TensorFlow. Additionally the course provides a lot of literature including free version of Deep Learning Specialization & Machine Learning course on YT. You can easily finish it in one week, it is not time consuming at all.
It was great course to start hands-on in TensorFlow and convolution neural networks. I especially liked how the convolution feature viewing tool was used to see what the networks are learning.
Simply Amazing Laurence! Please keep me posted on more content!!!! this is the best person to learn from he just has a way that clicks for me I hope anyone else that is taking this course!!!!
As an introductory course, it filled my expectations. Short, focused videos, along with detailed notebooks. Can't wait to head on to the next course
The course is wonderful. I happened to learn a lot. Anyone with basic skills can move on with this course pretty much easily. Highly recommended.
The combination of theory & practical assignments helps us in learning concepts as a beginner, and have a good learning graph.
Very useful for Beginner !Even I have learned Deep Learning few month before, I still learn some new skills.Thanks a lot !
Best in class, now I could get finally understand the basics CNN and prepared to apply DNN in realtime with confidence.
The course was very helpful in providing a essential  understanding ML using tensorflow through practical steps.
it was a good intensive course for constructing a off-the-shelves computer vision classification model
Good course to get started on machine learning with tensorflow.Can complete the course within one day.
Very good illustrate some basic knowledge and practices of CNN, it is a good start for new learners
it's my second Experience with Andrew Ng. I've learnt so many things from scratch in this course.
Good introductory courser to step into AI , ML and DL world with computer vision application
Lots of practice and visualization, machine learning is friendly explained in this course.
The course is very well organised. I enjoyed working on the programming exercises.
The lessons are clear and easy to follow. Great basic course to start with.
Please add learning rate reduction in basic course.Thanks !! in advance
This was great. I can't think of two better presenters for this topic!
I think it is pretty good to people who are not familar with keras
I really enjoyed this course and learned a lot from this course.
Good understanding of CNN by linking Andrew Ng teachings
Excellent set of videos and practice assignments!
This is a very nice introduction to Tensorflow.
Thanks for awesome lectures.
Good Course but too short!
Another Amazing Course :)
Brief and interesting.
Enplaned very nicely
If you're starting out as a beginner AI practitioner, this is a very good introductory course. The prerequisites for going through the classes are really low. You just have to know basic python and the basic mechanics of deep neural networks beforehand. After completing this course, you'll be very proficient at modelling neural networks to classify images with very high accuracy using tensorflow keras.This course also explains briefly how to import data of your choice to your neural network to train on, which I think is very cool. It also teaches you about convolutional neural networks, which is what the top industry experts use to do their AI jobs. The exercises in this course are well made, they help you really understand the concepts by making you code them by yourself. All in all, this is a very good introductory course, and Andy Morone is an amazing teacher.
This course is very friendly to beginners starting to get to know TensorFlow. The only skill needed is basic Python programming. Another good point for this course is students don't have to obtain a local machine that could run the TensorFlow. The tasks could be done over Google Co-lab, which is very conveniently friendly. The only shortcut for this course would be the source codes provided are based on TensorFlow 1.X. Right now, the TensorFlow has released 2.X. Since tf V2 has taken out some functions in V1 as well as changes some expression, it would be very inconvenient if you wanna download the code and test or do your work on your local machine. Overall, this is a course that I would highly recommend as a beginner.
As an introductory course to the Tensorflow platform I think it is excellent. As it is mentioned in the title this is not a course where you are going to see in depth what it is behind the algorithms or the theory behind the implementation but it provides extra links to other sources where the interested student can read on their own, which I think is good. It is self-contained, the material in the course it is well explained and the ideas about how to use the platform and the ideas of how to solve the problems are well-defined. The exercises are defined in such way that the student can immediately used what he/she learned from previous materials. It is a great introduction to Tensorflow.
This is an excellent foundational course on a complex topic. I especially like the application of the course examples in real-world deployment type assignments. The use of colab is very nice, it is not a technology that I have used before however its 'jupyter' like interface is very comfortable and I like how it is deployed and accessible on virtual machines all the time. The only criticism I have is that the assignment grading is a little rigid and there is not a lot of valuable feedback if fails (i.e. it could be badly coded or it could be something as trivial as using the wrong number of nodes in a layer! - this could be explained better I feel)
Amazing class! As an absolute beginner, I wanted to learn machine learning and AI but didn't even known where to start. I even started a different machine learning course which I could not follow well, and expected similar results with this class. But this class, this class is aimed at beginners, no need for any pre-requisite knowledge and the google colab environment ensures that it doesn't matter what hardware you currently have, since its all done in the cloud. Also the practice notebooks are very detailed about each sections of the program. I'm not a master at machine learning, but atleast after this course I feel that I too can learn it.
I have  used Tensorflow in my projects but never know some of the tricks which could improve the model.I was very dependent on transfer learning. But, now after getting to know much about Tensorflow, I feel so confident .  A basic understanding of how model works with Tensorflow is essential and Laurence Monorey provides you some of those basic tricks and concepts of how neural networks works with Tensorflow. I can assure anyone here taking this course would definitely give a try to adjust the way they have approached towards implementing Tensorflow in their projects. Thanks Andrew and Coursera for bring up this initiative.
I found this course very helpful because of working example at every step. First there is step by step explanation of each line of code after which you can play around with the code by making small modifications to it and observing results. It is not heavy on math behind machine learning but there are certainly lot of new terms. Most of time i googled those term to learn a bit more about those. Overall, instructor explanation is extremely good and easy to follow up. Its extremely important to play around with the code samples. All i needed was a browser and no installation on my laptop to finish this course.
FANTASTIC!I love the courses put out by deeplearning.ai. I previously took the 5 course deep learning sequence taught by Andrew Ng (which I would also recommend), and am VERY pleased with the first course of this sequence taught by Laurence Moroney. The lectures are broken into small, digestible chunks. The quizzes are hit core knowledge points w/o any tedious "can you do this by hand" nonsense you see in some other courses. The notebooks provided in the course offer useful templates for adapting to other problems.  Just amazingly well done in every aspect.Looking forward to taking the rest of the sequence!
Excellent for any beginner. Watching Andrew Ng anywhere gives you a sense of authority and validates everything. But all the teaching part is done by Lawrence who is equally humble and knowledgeable.All the theoretical topics covered are explained in brief but there are ample resources on the internet to understand them thoroughly.The coding part is very easy to follow.Although some python code blocks were typical to understand but again you can always look them up on the internet.Overall it is a brilliant course for anyone who wants to start with Keras, tensorflow, deep learning.
This course is an excellent starter for people who want to learn about Tensorflow and how to use it to create neural network model very quickly . The Instructor explains every thing in very lucid language.Course is well organized to help you go from beginner to an intermediate quickly. Great articles and videos links will also come your way so even that would help you improve and enhance your knowledge. Highly recommended for someone who wants to learn about Tensorflow and enter into the field of ML & AI. A Big Thanks to deeplearning.ai for creating such course :)
Great learning experience overall...  Prof. Moroney was very patient in his approach and took his teaching one step at a time. So I never felt like I was taking too huge a leap at any particular one time. The links he provides for study were also helpful. It was obviously a plus to have a great teacher like Andrew NG chip in occasionally a word or two.Overall, it's a great course and I'd absolutely recommend to anyone interested in exploring the possibilities that computers of today give us in exploring our world.
The course material and presentation is excellent.  However some of the course tools are complete trash (code autograder in particular - this is because the code that was shipped off to the code autograder wasn't the code I had been working on - it wasn't until later that I realized that the tools were taking  predefined [expected] file names and not the code I was working on - this is only year 8 of this otherwise excellent project - 8 years and the tools are still substandard).  Also the quizzes are too easy.
First of all, the course was amazing! I found it great for the following reasons:- Laurence Moroney (Instructor) was very professional and clear while delivering the knowledge- The introductions by Andrew NG were really nice- Easy to understand codes and understanding of thr underlying principles- Varied topics such as CNN, NLP & Time Series- Very insightful by providing expert opinions about different ways of model optimizationI really enjoyed the course and I thank the instructor for the same :)
Coursera and of course the instructors have really got this online teaching down to a science allowing students to cover often quite complex topics in an easy to digest and efficient manner. Even though it does skim the surface it does give a very good 10,000 foot view of the objectives and capabilities of the topic and technologies. To get same perspective on my own would be a lot of googling, trial and error, without the benefit of knowing 100% that I was covering the appropriate knowledge.
Introductory level course. Perhaps the best feature of this course is that you start to learn by doing right from week-1. The instructor doesn't spend time explaining every line one by one with every detail. That leaves you to figure out a few things on your own due to which you're bound to remember these details. Notebooks are also much better than the deep learning specilaisation. I often found myself going through the tensorflow documentation - learning and exploring as I did. Fun course!
Perfect Course, It tells you how to implement basic neural network to deep cnn. Week 1 : Intro to tensorflow/kerasWeek 2: building dense neural network; 2 applications fashion mnist and digit mnistweek 3: building cnn, improving accuracy on week 2 applicationsweek 4: using image generator to auto label the images, horse/human classifier and happy/sad classifierOverall a perfect course to begin with, though i would advice to have basic understanding of neural network and its working.
Although the concepts can be a bit technical, the explanations are very accessible. You learn how to implement ideas instantly, and by the end of the course, you are very well suited to experiment on your own. I'll be continuing the specialization. This, together with the deep learning specialization (which I have already taken) will I believe fully prepare anyone to work or do basic research in this field (at a fraction of the cost of a CS or AI undergraduate degree). Fantastic!
Very well structured course to get started with Deep Learning using TensorFlow. Laurence explains the flow of the programs and key concepts in a clear manner, which made it easy for a beginner like me to get familiar with the material quickly. Working through the problems without getting stuck in the theory was a fun way to see the possibilities of AI first hand and learn by doing. Highly recommend this course for any developers or programmers who want to explore deep learning.
This course should be considered as the inception of the Tensorflow when one steps into the field of deep learning. That would be very helpful to build a comprehensible network about this famous framework and how AI is applied to real life. I suggest introducing more practical work, for example, the video in the course, how AI helps the Africain farmers to know the health state of their crops. Using this case as an example might be more exciting from my point of view. Thanks.
The author, is way of  teaching make me understand more into the fundamentals of the concepts. Now i have the strong understanding of these concepts with Good hands-on-experience.But the current course i only audit, because of financial problem. If you provide me certificate for completion of these course it will be definitely useful for my career goal.My leaning never going to stop , hereafter i will learn lot of courses from coursera with the financial aid.Thanks.
Although while pursuing a higher degree in AI it was great to learn the minutiae of machine learning methods, this course seems to provide the best abstraction for a high level programmer - giving flexibility to play around with different datasets and GPU architectures and making it super intuitive and easy to apply it to your own problems. Let's build AI for solving problems where human decision making is limited It's really cool and you can make a difference!
Very well-balanced presentation.  Started considerable fluency in python, advanced education in digital-signal processing, but limited experience with ANNs in general and tensor-flow in particular. With this course — and some background in Dreyfus 2005 and Haykin 2009 — I feel like I'm starting to get the picture. The hands-on was straightforwardly presented and extensible, with just enough wrinkles to make you think and stump the chumps.
This was a great course to learn how to use the basics of Tensorflow. The layers mentioned in the course are Dense (fully-connected layers), Convolutional, Pooling and Flatten layers. It also teaches you how to use callback functions during the training phase, as well as how to handle real-world images.This course does not teach you about how to tune hyperparameters, but I wouldn't expect that from an introduction course.
Using https://colab.research.google.com/ is definitely a good choice because it saves the learners a big chunk of time setting up a deeplearning workstation by herself. The course's source code is commented extensively to ease understanding. Although the technical details and specific explanation of the deeplearning algorithms are pretty lightweight, it's more than enough to get one's hands dirty as a beginner course.
This is an amazing course, and one can feel the hard work they have put into it. I was able to experience so much theory in practice, image augmentation, dropouts, transfer learning. Learning experience? Much better, it was a learning enthrallment! This is one of those courses which make deep learning looks so easy, and approachable. Highly recommended for anybody, and coursera should have more courses like this.
Very interesting start to TensorFlow. This course although doesn't teach the basics of a ML model (which Stanford's ML course and the Deep Learning Specialization already do in great detail) but gets right down to how you can use TensorFlow for classifying what type of problem such as the basic regression problem to an image classifier. This course offers intuitive on how to properly use TensorFlow.
Enjoyed the visualization part where we were encouraged to peek at different parts of the neural networks to understand how features were created.Could be somewhat more thorough on how different amount of layers and architectures affect the quality of features created and the overall performance instead of encouraging people to just play around.Useful, to the point and easily digestible intro to TF
I loved how this course is structured. I'm right now preparing for my interviews and this course had concepts explained in like awesome way that you could use to answer in interviews. The google colab platform was very helpful and tutor Prof.Lawrence was incredible at explaining the codes line by line. On the whole, I would go over this course over and over again to get my concepts at fingertips.
If you just make this Introduction to TensorFlow for Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Deep Learning Course you can manage to make a few simple codes. 
This introduction complements very well with Deep Learning Specialization. In case you have done the specialization, this course will give you the first steps so you can start programming and learning for more complex applications.
Great course for starting the implementation of classification model on Keras. Although more detail into theoretical part should be found from other courses or materials, this course definitely provides the very first step in the coding part. For me, with little prior knowledge in python, I did learn a lot by studying the Notebook sample code carefully. So I will recommend this course!
The learning process is very explanatory and very easy to understand. the course has many quizzes and programmable problems which allows the learner to get a clear view of how to work with TensorFlow. the course also provides various notebooks where you can experiment by changing the values of variables and see the effect of it in the output which in turn makes the learning valuable.
I am planning on taking TensorFlow certificate, so I finished this course in 5 days. Glad I did that as I did lean how deep neural nets and convolutional neural nets work! I am still in the beginning of my path, so I will keep working hard to finish all of the other courses in order to achieve TensorFlow certificate. Thank you, Laurance and  Andrew, for the amazing beneficial course!
Elegant and efficient introduction to the plug-and-play Google Colaboration application that let's you easily write and execute Python code in the cloud, as well as the Keras API that let's you access the Tensorflow package to use with convolution and pooling layers. The exercises were brilliant as well and I have high expectations about the following courses in the specialization.
Great intro by Laurence, very comprehensible. But i think a bit more work should have been done on presentations for deep learning newbies for them to be able to grasp the concepts of difficult topics like convolutions.  Though i would recommend anyone to first complete Andrew Ng's deep learning.ai specialization first, then start this course, it would be really beneficial.
I think this is a great introduction to Tensorflow 2.0 as a whole. What other reviews may say is that they didn't go into much of the theoretical aspects, yeah that's fine after all this is a course that is meant to be practical by all means. For people who've already taken Andrew's Deep Learning Course for example.  I think the instructor has done a great job! 5 stars!
Liked the course as it did not spoon feed you the answers and you had to go back and watch the videos again to attempt the programming assignments. Overall it was fun learning tensorflow. I am very excited for the next course in the specialization. I would encourage people to do the entire specialization because this course alone wont teach you much about tensorflow
This course is helpful to understand how to create basic deep learning networks and models using library TensorFlow. I understood the implementation of deep learning models using developed python library. But you should have basic knowledge of deep learning before starting the course otherwise you won't be able to understand fundamental concepts used in this course
I am a programmer with a little knowledge of statistics. Other courses really dive into the theory and I get lost pretty fast.This one however just teach you how to use the existing AI libraries without digging deep into how they work and what algorithms they employ.It was pretty easy for me to follow through with this course and I'd recommend it for any beginner
Fun introduction to tensorflow. This course is best if you completed the deep learning specialization before it this course doesn't go into the details of how everything is working under the hood. The structure of the course is well done with plenty of opportunities to practice. There are still a few rough edges to smooth out, but all around really great.
I have completed more than 80+ MOOC from various platforms and many reputed universities and I must say, Laurence is one of the best teacher(s) I came across. The way he teaches (which includes topic content, explanations, and converting complex concepts into simple one) is simply unparalleled. A BIG THANKS to him and everyone associated with the course.
A very good start for tensorflow beginners and a concise refresher for those who have already used the tensorflow framework. Loved the way each code was explained but particularly found the part where we can play around with what each filter is learning as particularly important for anyone going forward with this course. Thanks for this great material.
The course was great. However, the programming assignments sometimes didn't have details. Like in one assignment we had to use the reshape() method, but there was no instruction about it. I basically tried it by seeing some errors and from my previous knowledge of Deep Learning practice. Such clarifications should help the course get better remarks.
GRACIAS POR TODO!!! Este curso es muy bueno para quienes estamos empezando con TensorFlow. Explicaciones fáciles de seguir y ejemplos muy didácticos. Lo recomiendo al 100%. THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING! This course is very good for those of us who are starting with TensorFlow. Easy to follow explanations and very didactic examples. I recommend it 100%.
It was a thorough introductory course on Tensorflow and Neural Network algorithms. The lessons were perfectly passed and the resources like Google Colab notebooks helped in understanding and working out more examples on our own. Really suitable for beginners in Deep Learning with some previos knowledge of Machine Learning and Python programming.
Loved it! before i used to think AI is not for me as it has complicated math and i'm not very good at it but as started watching this course, my thinking about AI has changed a lot and it made me realize that it's not that hard if you do it by your complete focus and concentration, thank you for making this course super friendly to beginners
Exactly what I was looking for: practice since the beginning in Tensorflow. Very recommended after the Coursera Deep Learning Specialization (https://www.coursera.org/specializations/deep-learning). Looking forward to the next courses of Tensorflow in Practice Specialization (https://www.coursera.org/specializations/tensorflow-in-practice).
This course is coming for me after the Machine Learning course from Andrew Ng and it gives very hands-on answer to theorical part deep dived. Tensorflow is really easy to jump in, and this course give a perfect overview of the potentiel. I really enjoyed the Convolutional explanation about why they are more efficient than traditionnal NN
Great lectures with step by step example and exercises.  Just some problem with the week 4 example environment which unable to reproduce the accuracy rate onto another flesh opened colab python2 notebook by some unclear reasons.  I would like to know how to debug deep learning networks and  wish to learn some more knowledge this topic.
An excellent step by step introduction to the Keras Deep learning framework. Also check this out if you're planning on taking the deeplearning.ai  Deep learning specialization .Also excellent is that the exercises can be done on https://colab.research.google.com, so you don't need a strong computer, or to spend time on installations.
The course and the teaching style of Dr Laurence Moroney combine both taking baby steps and working with code together, which works really well for me. I've tried a lot of different courses/ tutorials but it's either they dive into code too deep or they dive into theory too deep. This one however does both but increases gradually.
This course very quickly made me appreciate the use of convolutional neural networks in computer vision. It focuses on the use of a few functions available in Tensor Flow and Keras for deep learning without going too much into the algorithms that power them. This makes it an excellent starter course in deep learning using python.
I loved the course from the very beginning. The structure of the course is well designed for a student like me. Instead of making long videos on a topic, each video explains only a small topic and is 4-5 minutes long. Special thanks to the class instructor Laurence Moroney who explained advanced topics so quickly and clearly.
The course is really great! Besides containing loads of useful information and being totally ML-novice friendly it has a huge amount of links giving a better understanding the ideas under the hood and practical implementations of  knowledge! Quiet sure that the further parts of specialization are of the same high quality!
A very well structured course that introduces the learner to the basics. The instruction is clear, exercises are easy to follow. You can see that the instructors have put a lot of thought into the design of this course I enjoyed every minute of every video and every line of every exercise. Thanks, Andrew and Laurence
A very well-presented, well-structured course with a good balance of theory and practice. It was fun, and I learned a lot.The two presenters both have a warm style and a deep knowledge of the subject.An excellent starting point for Python-literate developers who want to get to grips with TensorFlow and Deep Learning.
I really liked the way the mentor went through the course. I believe there is till  a lot to learn about tensorflow and deep learning and i am looking forward to the next courses ! I also want to say thanks to the mentors for providing my scholarship because i won't be able to study and enjoy this course without it!
A while back I chose to do Java over Python because I thought it was easier. Looking back now, I realise that it is the other way around. I have learned about Tensor flow and Convolution Neural Networks and as it turns out, Python is 10 times easier than Java. I am glad I tried out this course.Thanks a lot Coursera
I liked the course very much! It is definitely required to know python quite well and would be good if one had a liitle bit of pre-knowledge in the field of ML / Stat or equivalent.Everything was very well explained, the exercises had exactly the right amound of complexity and I never felt "lost" during the course.
The tutor Laurence Moroney is very good in explaining Neural networks basis with Tensorflow. I highly recommend this course to any individual planning to become ML Engineer. I would still look up for indepth study on some topics like knowledge on when to use different number of ConvNet filters (eg. 16, 32, 64 etc)
I think this course is great, serves its purpose of introducing TensorFlow as a tool. For people who are looking for more in-depth knowledge of deep learning, you should go for a proper deep learning specialisation. This one is great for people who already know something about deep learning but new to TensorFlow.
it gave a very good introduction to tensorflow . i realy like the course. I had spent a lot of time learning algorithms, working and the theory behind artificial intelligence .this course has helped me to put all what i have learned to practical use. i suggest this to all those who want to atart with tensorflow.
Very crisp and clear understanding of Tensorflow  in AI , Deep learning.Post this course I am well versed with programming paradigm of Basic NN, Convolutions, MaxPooling, Filers , CallBacks , model training,validation, prediction. Appreciate the exercises and explanations. Feeling handful of experience with it.
That was interesting and not hard, so you won't be afraid of coding =). I do not recommend to take this course if you have no theory base regarding NNs (in this case first complete DL specialization by deeplearning.ai). This course is high-level, expecting more of deep dive in the following courses =). Peace!
Solved a lot of my problems that come up to me when I read the code written by  other people in Github/Kaggle. I have taken ML course with python. (no framework) This would be a great material for someone like me who know some ML and don’t know Tensor-flow. You can go over the whole course in just 1-2 days.
For someone new to AI/ML, this is a good place to start. If you're already familiar with deep neural networks, conv nets, ect (as explained in Andrews Deep Learning specialization) this course will be a breeze, but it will teach you how to use tensorflow as intended. I did this course in about 3-4 hours.
The best practical oriented and hands on course on Tensorflow, highly recommended. Laurence Moroney (Google) is a great teacher, love his pedagogy, he does not delve too much into mathematics and still makes concepts very clear, because of this I could finish the course in 3 evenings instead of 4 weeks.
I loved this course! Thanks to Professsor Moroney for his excelente lectures.(If a could contribuit with some thing, maybe more exercises and few more explanations about the parameters on function. Of course, wether the explanation on parameters come in futures course, please desconsider my comment. )
Great course, I was really interesting. Just one thing the notebooks are not well explained like we're used in the deeplearning.ai with Andrew. But no problem it makes it more challenging. Another thing, I don't know if this course is using the new version of tensorflow but I hope it's using it (2.0).
as a beginner i have no idea on how to implement the CNN even though i know the concepts of CNN it was hard to implement but this "Introduction to TensorFlow for Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Deep Learning" gave me a basic idea on how to implement them and the tutorial was too good
It was short and crisp, if assignments were bit more challenging it would have been a great learning. All things to the point no hour long videos to bore us. It is recommended for beginners. For mid to expert level u can complete the whole course in 4 hours with all the reading and assignment.
This course is well structured with very good instructional delivery. The vivid explanations and the discussion forum does not let you feel that you are alone. There are answers to almost all our doubts even before we post them in the forum. Looking forward for the next course in this series.
This course was really beneficial for me. It helped me understand the concepts in more depth. The mentor helped a lot by creating notebooks of algorithms being explained. This truly helped in visualizing the features or what really is happening behind the training of the model. Thanks a lot.
I loved the way the modules are structured in this course: First, the instructor explains to you, then you can play with the code after you need to create the code and in the end, they allow you to use the Colab and almost redo the same. By the end of the course, you master the material :)
A rather basic course to introduce you to Tensorflow. The exercises are rather difficult due to the lack of information provided. However, the course is informational, and those who have completed the Deep Learning Specialization previously should have no trouble completing this course.
Overall , an amazing course , and possibly a fruitful use of my time. The course was smaller than expected , but it opened my eyes to a new method of learning - Learning my trying things out - so instead of getting glued to the lecture videos , I spent most of my time trying things out
I always thought Tensorflow to be a framework that had so many things that needed to be taken care of, actually it is quite the opposite. Today I came to know why it is known as a framework and not a library. Thankful to the team who created. Loved every-bit of this fast paced course.
This course comprises of short to-the-point videos and lots of materials to read and explore.I do recommend someone who wants to opt this course should check out the first 3 courses in deep_learning specialization (You don't have to enroll in coursera as it is available in Youtube) .
A very well structured and fast-paced course to get you off and running with TensorFlow and ML even if your coding skills and python knowledge are limited or rusty!And Laurence does a great job with his conversational style to give you the confidence to press ahead. Thanks, Laurence!
Took this course and specialty because I have DL projects coming up. Had some background already but Laurence's treatment of material was excellent. I had seen a very positive review of one of his YouTube videos and he did not disappoint. Now I can explain ML to people much easier.
Great course to learn building computer vision models using TensorFlow starting from basics of TensorFlow with a linear model to building complex models to multi-classify on grey MNIST images, classify humans vs horses from colored images, image processing, convolutions and so on.
Thankful for this course.  It is a gentle intro to ML and CNNs.  There are a few sharp technical edges (because of old versions of TF and grader not working 100% correctly).  I left feedback so I hope they have the time budget to address those issues.  But otherwise great course.
Really nice introduction to neural network. It gives the intuition behind TensorFlow and you quickly build simple neural networks with interesting data set. At times it does not go very deep into the underlying concepts, but great for a first glimpse into this interesting field.
Although i was familiar to TensorFlow  earlier, but this course provided me a more deeper andclearer picture of  how things are working behind the scenes and how can we actually harness the power of TensorFlow to develop modern AI applications. Great course,love the instructor.
Laurence's style is concise yet clear and giving enough information to digest new material. He and Andrew really complement each other's courses. Highly recommend this course for getting hands-on practice with TensorFlow, CNN, DNN. On to the next courses of this specialization!
It was interesting course! I have finished some courses by Andrew Ng before, they were more theory focused, while this was pure tensorflow/keras practical guide. I like how fast it is, for me it was very simple, but useful to check and fill the holes in my knowledge! Thank you!
This course is great for anyone who wants to learn how to make models in deep learning, visualize the models and get a feel/intuition of how things work. This course does not go into mathematic details and is recommended for anyone who wants to learn how to make basic models.
This course was very helpful for me knowing that i have some level of understanding in deep learning but i have never implemented models that use neural nets or any kind of deep learning model and this was my practical gate into deep learning, so thank you very much Laurence
I started other courses about AI and although they are quite good, there was "too much" mathematics to me. This course has clear examples that go directly to the matter and shows you how to use those theoretical concepts shown in other courses. I really enjoyed the course!!
I learned a lot about how the simplest networks can be implemented using Keras and TensorFlow, then I learned how to use this tool to build simple classifiers than can do a binary classification or multi-class classification task. Hope to learn more in this specialization!
Good for Introduction to TF as a powerful tool. Learn't lots of new stuff. Perfect addition to the Deep Learning Specialization by Andrew Ng. Loved the short 1-on-1 discussions between Laurence and Andrew. Looking forward to more cool stuff to learn in the other 3 courses.
Really impressed by the work of the team. It is designed specially for the beginner to advance their career and be expert the emerging AI field. With the help of high quality videos and project based assignment one become expert hoe to deal and tackle real world problems.
I think it is a great 'light-weight' course on how to use the TF framework. Laurence does not cover the theory behind because Andrew covered them in other courses. That means that a person taking this course should have some basics about the parts that run under-the-hood.
I like this intro class very much. I have some training before and I took Andrew Ng's Deep Learning Certificate. This intro course is not necessarily hard, but it actually covers quite a few areas that were not emphasized before. I highly recommend this for other people.
Very nice introduction to Deep Learning in practice. However, I personally believe the student who should take this course must have a solid background in order to understand the concepts and the effects caused by the changes made, since they are very lightly presented.
Excellent course! I highly recommend (as Andrew suggests) doing the Deep Learning specialization first, so that you learn what's really going on. This course is great as a follow on to help you learn how to do the implementation of the concepts taught in Deep Learning!
Great course. Easy to follow. The example problems are very valuable.  I felt the course was a little short compared to the other courses I have taken on Coursera. Nonetheless, it is a very good course if you want to understand how to code using Tensorflow framework.
TensorFlow provides pre-built functions and advanced operations to ease the task of building different neural network models. In this course, I was able to explore, learn, and implement these ideas and thus enhance my understanding of neural nets.  It was quite fun.
The course is wonderful. I really love the way it is being thought here; from the videos, to the tests, then the notebooks for assignment(s), and finally to google co laboratory, every step seemed properly calculated to ensure that learning gave the best experience.
A very accessible course and very practical as well. I would recommend to study a course like Machine Learing by Andrew Ng as well to get a better understanding of the foundations of neural networks.Teaching is great and the materials worked flawlessly. Many thanks!
Excellent course to start Deep Learning with TensorFlow. Step-wise brief description gives good insight about the subject which help in building up minimum understanding required. Thank you Andew Ng, Laurence Moroney and  deeplearning.ai for this wonderful course
Extremely good beginner's course on ML. Course deliver what is says it would perfectly.Really practical as well since we immediately deal with code after getting done with the concepts and technical jargons.I enjoyed and learnt a lot from this course, Thank You.
From this course, I learned about how to use TensorFlow to built convolutional neural networks for image recognition.  I love the course and it was a wonderful experience for my learning process. I am grateful to your help that I got the Finance Aid.Thank you!
This course could lead you in a few hours to build a fully advanced classifier using TensorFlow and Convolutional Neural Network. It is purely practical which I was looking for after Deep Learning specialization. Well prepared, all coding and was lots of fun.
Really loved taking this course. The clarity on every explanation given by Laurence on this introductory course is phenomenal. Laurence and Andrew - Thank you for inspiring millions and bringing in online learning to a whole new level.Thank you, Jayadev Bhasi
This course is a very practical into to ML with TensorFlow, it focuses on live coding examples rather than a lot of theory. I highly recommend it especially if you have ML background and just looking to refresh your knowledge and explore TensorFlow and Keras.
Finally, a course that describes step-by-step how these networks process the data. The instructor was warm and likable. The notebooks contained documentation that aligns with the lecture. I plan on taking this course again to further concretize the learnings.
The instructor has great humour which makes learning very fun and great. The focus of the course was on implementation of concepts using Tensor Flow rather than on the mathematics behind them. I would totally recommend this course to beginners in AI and ML.
This is really a great course. The professor teaches the use of Tensorflow from very simple models to fairly real-life examples. He also raises inspirational questions and leads us to playing around the codes to better understand the theory behind outputs.
Really well paced course and amazing material. Exercises leave you wanting more, in the sense that they really spark your interest to research more about the topic. Assignments are well structured and lend themselves to a seamless learning process. Thanks!
It is good introductory course for tensor flow and CNN.  I had previously been working using tensor flow at my job and a GATECH OMSCS Graduate so this one wasn't too bad but help to fill in some gaps and showed me some helpful tips when using tensorflow!
This is wonderful course. I always wanted to learn Deep Learning concept and apply on real image data, but I did not know where to start. This course gives me a path to learn and apply deep learning on images using TensorFlow with very few lines of code.
Really helpful course, everything that they teach becomes really easy to understand. This course has elevated my interest in AI and I am really thankful to courser for providing such a course for students and spreading the knowledge throughout the globe.
A good course to take after finishing up the deep learning specialization from deeplearning.ai. The videos are great review, and the assignments have much less completed for you meaning you have to do the work and learn out to practically use TensorFlow!
Solid course. The exercises are a bit too much pre-setup, but not by much. Layer visualization is used extensively but unfortunately not covered at all. I think it should be as it is important for understanding and troubleshooting. Nevertheless, 5 stars.
Good introduction to Tensorflow and its semantics. Looking forward for another courses in this lineup.Thank you Moroney, Andrew Ng and Coursera for a fantastic introduction course.I loved the projects at the intro stage, and these were so well explained.
A basic introductory course, good introduction to get up and running with basic Tensorflow. Did a good job focusing on the task at hand and a good job referencing outside material for depth where it was useful but out of scope for the aims of the class.
This course helped me to learn Deep Learning in the same way a machine learns from data. Without having much theoretical  knowledge, now I can build basic model & run it. Thanks a lot to deeplearning.ai team for proving such a practical oriented course.
I really like the way the course was simplified. I would recommend people to explore Machine Learning and Deep learning specialization offered by Andrew NG for in-depth knowledge of the concepts. Overall, this course was amazing and my time worth spent.
Tried multiple MOOCs to learn tensorflow. By far the simplest to catch up on and most well explained. Explanations were given were each line of codes, quite literally. The practice notebooks helped out a lot in getting my own hands dirty with the code.
Its really superb course. Easy to understand the image classification problem and solve using deep learning neural networks. Practical approach and hands on assignment helps to get confidence for using CNN and DNN for image classification applications.
It was an amazing and intuitive course, the videos were short, intuitive and to the point so you would not loose concentration. I would like to give a suggestion about the lab, please include details about the dataset in the lab notebooks as well.
This course not only has great contents also have a straight forward way to teach introduction for Deep Learning with TensorFlow. They skipped the complex math and Neural Network components in the front to focus on Machine Learning cases to solve.
Great Course!!! I am very grateful to deeplearning.ai team from providing a platform to learn this kind of stuff which not only provides new employment opportunities but also provide confidence to do a lot interesting stuff !!!Thank you very much!
Excellent, you learn the tools in code to go straightforward from theory to coding, solving the problem of a lot of code read large sets of images and label their classification. The course also reinforce fundamental concepts of machine learning.
Great course - especially considering how easy Keras makes in creating DNNs and CNNs. Thoroughly enjoyed this course and would highly recommend to anyone who wants to learn how to prototype and build quick model POCs for your business objectives.
Loved the course, thank you! I do wish that the exercises emphasized testing validation more as opposed to just training validation. I'm hoping to learn how to use callbacks to cutoff training after a certain testing validation level is reached.
Very good explanation and notebooks to explain and practice contents. The auto grader is very frustrating though and sometimes the Exercise notebooks could not be open (on Mac Safari). In such cases, you will have no chance to pass this course.
This was the one of the best course I have came across which give a complete understanding of artificial intelligence and how to user neural networks to any problem,It is a course for beginners with a lot of hands-on experience with TensorFlow.
Hands on and well structured. Doesn't overwhelm you, yet you get a good sense of having programmed and learnt it. Like the idea of making notebooks available in collab and for download so that assigments can be tried out and you can experiment.
Wonderful course for beginners or someone who is looking to start understanding machine learning. Teaching is great, examples even though they are complex are explained with such ease that you don't feel lost at all. Great course overall.👍👍👍
Pretty comprehensive introduction on TF. I am not a pro, but even I could follow everything without much issue.This course was also pretty hands on. I hope the following ones will go more in-depth into how the theory of the models itself work.
Very informative course, the notebooks are more helpful than the videos. I am very happy with the automated grader instead of peer-review which is employed in many other courses and which definitely does not work as well as it is supposed to.
i loved this course ..and a little issue of submisson page if i delete the code it saves the point quickly where i cannot know the question i need to answer ..apart from that , this is a excellent course for people who are learning tensorflow
very good material for beginner who is interested in getting into the Deep Learning domain by using the tensorflow. It also includes several representative examples so that students can easily know what tensorflow and DL are capable of doing.
Thanks for this beneficial and well-organized course. It's so proper for introduction course and contains very informative exercies. Also, resources are good enough for introduction. I really enjoyed and learned basics of TensorFlow and CNN.
This course is an exceptional place to enter the world of Machine Learning. I learned many of the basics and the teaching was exceptionally good. I am starting to make sense of how models and training work and am not motivated to learn more.
It is really nice course for those who want to start using Tensorflow for model building. This will really help every beginner to train their own models and learn how they can apply same methodology to train similar models for any data set.
A very practical course for those who want to get their hands dirty quickly without learning a lot of the background. For full benefit I think this must be paired with some more theory oriented courses like the deep learning specialization.
Really good course as an introduction to TensorFlow, but beware I have finished Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course before doing this one. In order to understand what the instructor is talking about, I suggest you finish that course first.
I believe that the teacher is absolutely amazing. Made everything seem easier than they are and incredibly interesting! Absolutely recommend this course to anyone interested in getting a basic knowledge on computer vision using TensorFlow.
Being a person who likes to take things hands-on, I really enjoyed this course. The workbooks, multiple choice quiz questions and the assignment/exercise problems were all exciting. Brilliant course! Thank you so much Lawrence and Andrew.
Well balanced short and sweet course with practical programming exercises as well as solid theoretical background superbly presented by outstanding tech experts. Looking forward eager for next courses of this series. Thank you very much!
I like this course. It was small, and to the point. Each assignment build on top of the knowledge of the previous one. And it was also fun to play with the provided notebooks. Overall a very good course. Looking forward to the next one.
Very well explained with good set of examples and details. To be specific, I liked online exercises, short length videos with enough details for one to understand and more focus on coding practice. I would like to recommend this course.
I am an old geezer, and I never expected to see how computers can recognize things better than people. I am amazed that this course let me see that. If I succeed in applying it to some data I am gathering, I will feel like a kid again.
it is awesome course for the beginners to reach to the next level of expertise. The course is taught from starting point to the end by increasing the complexity of the contents from simple to more complex yet in understanding pattern.
A realy cool and comprehensive introduction into TensorFlow / Keras. Thumbs up to the lecturer and erveryone who worked on this course.Sometimes it was a little hard to understand the lecturer, because the sound was a little too low.
Loved it..!! A great headstart to Tensorflow framework and the best part of the course is its simplicity even to some of the most challenge research topics and implementations were explained with great clarity. 11/10 to the course :)
Best followed when you already have some background. Great cause with clear practical exercises that don't require you to go thru Tensorflow and Keras documentation or by trial and error require you to figure out the correct syntax.
This is a great introduction to TensorFlow and to creating CNNs for image classification.  The lectures are clear and straightforward and as you finish the homework, you end up with good examples that you can refer to in the future.
Great course! Good content and lesson, but the evaluation through exercises on code enviroment appears much problems. I think that the enviroment should be on Google colab. That's my opinion about only code enviroment to evaluation.
This is one of the best Coursera courses I have taken. Lawrence is a highly motivating and engaging lecturer, and his homework assignments and programming examples are well thought out. His teaching in Google colab is a huge bonus.
A very introductory course on NN and CNNs, which needs only to know very small basics about NNs, and you are set to go. A very amazing course in terms is that it gets you to applying the theoretical ideas of NNs and hardcode them.
The first step to tensorflow/keras, it is Wonderful. However, I hope there also can be teaching  Object Localization and Detection, Segmentation and other harder skills. Generally, I am gratetful to Laurence and Andrew, thank you!
This course was really helpful. I learned a lot from this course and there was some material that i didn't found anywhere on YouTube and other courses of TensorFlow. It was really amazing to learn this course. Thank you so much!!!
After taking the deeplearning.ai Deep Learning Specialization, having all the details of ML taken care of by the tensorflow, while also having a fairly deep understanding of the back-end computation, makes you feel like a wizard.
I got hands on experience of applying Machine Learning concepts like Deep Neural Network and Convolutional Neural Network from this course. It is really good course for beginners with little bit understanding of Neural Networks.
I'm very sorry that I did not take this course when it is available. If you want to have a career on deep learning, you should start with this course. This course is perfect both theoretical information and applied information.
I am looking forward to more such courses. This is highly enlightening. I absolutely loved the content. In courses further  up, I hope to see much involved use cases of Tensorflow which use more explicit Deep Learning concepts.
I had prior ML experience, but none in DL or TensorFlow. This was most definitely the best getting-started course that I needed for starting off with implementing DL using the high level APIs of TF.Thank you for building this.
Excellent overview on how to use TensorFlow. The programming examples were great. Very clear and apt presentation for someone  like me who has previous background of neural network and wants to learn to use TensorFlow quickly.
This course, for me, is very instructive, learning objectives are clearly stated and explained. From a practical point of view, it's usper effecient. Overall, great course if you want to get a quick start on NN and Tensorflow.
The contents are not fresh new for me, because this first course is for newers of  deep learninf. But  the self_defined myCallback class is quite useful for me. Hope to learn more in the following courses. Thank you, Laurence.
This is a really good course for me to get started learning Tensorflow. What's more, this course teaches me how to learn Tensorflow in a very easy way which is understandable for all people from different education background.
This was a Very good Course. I learnt more about Tensorflow. This will help me to explore more on the Tensorflow. Thank you for giving me financial Aid. You people are doing a great job. I thank the instructor and Mr Andrew Ng
It is interesting to see how Convolution took its place on many AI applications.I now feel that Tensorflow is the best choice for Deep learning I thank Laurence Morney, Coursera, for creating such a good course on Tensorflow.
The course started teaching Tensorflow from scratch to building a fully functional Convolution Neural Network. Instructor gone through each line of code to explain what is happening. Basic knowledge of Python will be helpful.
the course has been made wonderfully it is highly recommendable to join this course the way laurence moroney has taught this course in an clear manner with the help of codes and explaining its execution and logic behind it .
The specialization covers brief introduction to the concepts of Computer Vision and Natural Language Processing. It introduces to TensorFlow and gives a hands-on practical experience over the tool through simple assignments.
Assignment submission should be made a little bit easier and straight forward. though the answer was correct, the submission became hectic. but the course was superb, easy to understand and I was able to gain more knowledge
Nice experience taking this course.Precise and to the point introduction of topics and a really nice way to start programming the models without going much into theory.All in all a nice way to start practical Deep Learning.
Great hands on experience and high level review of Andrew Ng's Deep Learning courses, which really go under the hood and explain the why. This course explains the how and uses simple exercises that ease you into TensorFlow.
Introduction to TensorFlow for Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Deep Learning is an excellent introductory course for Keras and Tensorflow. I quite enjoyed the material and the unique notebooks examples Thanks
The series are a wonderful resources to learn TernsoFlow, Keras, and many other essential skills/knowledge to improve myself! Appreciate Mr. Laurence and Mr. Andrew for your tremendous effort to make them available for us!
Perfect course to start with if you are a beginner candidate in Deep learning, Loved the discussion with Andrew NG at the beginning of each weekly topic, of course, he is an inspiration for many budding AI practitioners.
An excellent course by Laurence Moroney on the basics of TensorFlow for training models ina short and sweet manner with good enough number of practical exercises to help us get acquainted with the methodology and syntax.
This was good course i enjoy this course learning tensorflow and python along with jupyter notebook and also google colab i'm seeing next course which recommended  to improve my  knowledge with tensorflow and working.
Loved the course, everything was taught in a very simplified way. Would definitely recommmend this course for those who are entering the field of ML and want an online course for gaining proper knowledge on TensorFlow
Excellent¡ I'm very happy¡. I believe that is a course very accessible and friendly. It's was a clear course, I learned a lot and I feel very safe, because the teachers know this topics very well.Thank you, very much¡
A course which gives a great introduction to Deep Learning concepts and tensorflow. Each step covers a wide area with resources given to understand the core concepts more. Ideal for a software developer to understand
The course is great for learning TensorFlow. Having a previous knowledge of Neural Network and Deep Learning will make the learning easier. Deeplearning.ai's DL and NN course is recommended by me as a per-requisite.
A practical beginner course to tensorflow and CNN, it teaches the basics well and the programming assignments help us to implement them and get the knowledge of how CNNs work and how to implement them in tensorflow.
The course provide us the basic knowledge of implementing code in TensorFlow which is really necessary before you move to advance. This course is just awesome and the instructor too. Thanks Laurence, it was great.
Laurence Sir and Andrew Sir are both great teachers. Got to know about Tensorflow API keras and how easily one can create models using it. Truly amazed. Thanks Laurence sir for teaching it in such a simple manner.
I must say, this is an amazing course for people who are already familiar with these Deep learning practices, but need hands-on practice, if you are not, i would recommend you to complete andrew ng's course first.
thanks for providing me this good course but i had some problems when submitting my codes on exercise tasks. I hardly proved it with help from dicussion. It would be more easier if there were some notices before.
A nice intro to tensorflow, i suggest, before taking this course (even if it's a real basic one), to have already a background in the math aspects of machine learning and a basic understanding of python language.
It is really helped me understanding the syntax of TensorFlow and how we can be able to train complex images, starting with simple straight line fitting. Thank you Laurence Moroney and Coursera for this subject.
Great introductory course in Artificial Intelligence that will definitely pique your interest in advanced concepts of the subject. Laurence Moroney is a great instructor who explains the code and concepts well.
The content of the course in wonderful and very easy to understand.But the submissions of assignment part was bit of a mess(especially in week 4). Errors  like exceeding size of submissions appeared frequenty.
The course has very good content and is explained in detailed but also with simplicity so as anyone can easily understand. Thank you Laurence Moroney sir, Andrew NG sir  and coursera for this wonderful course.
The course is fantastic, but if a small note could be provided, before the assmts, for the student to delete the last two cells of the notebook, which could probably cause errors in submission, would be great!
This course is great for beginner in tensorflow like me. I did have some idea about the topics covered in the course, but not the practical implementation, and this course taught me that in a much simpler way.
It was as I had wanted, concise but informative. Already coming from the Deep Learning course of deeplearning.ai, it was very easy to understand. All I wanted was getting hands-on any dl framework. Well done!
Massively helpful course in preparation for my masters degree. Given me a great introductory course into the coding of DL models and given me a chance to see them in action. On to the next course in the spec.
It is very well designed course,instructors teaches very well,i can understand all concepts and how to     solve  real problems using   using CNN  ,want   such more projects based on hands on practice ,thanks
Thank you Laurence for providing an easy to follow set of videos and exercises. You have a great ability to describe these RNN models in a concise and understandable way. Really helped to get a good overview.
Very good course. Great introduction to beginners using Tensorflow. Teaches you how to implement CNNs for classification tasks. Would love to learn more about working with sequential time series data as well.
As a beginner before this course I was quite intimidated by the coding behind neural networks. This course gave me the confidence and it was a wonderful experience . Looking forward to take up the next course
Very best Intro to the TensorFLow but I would love if the videos are little bit more long and the data cleaning part was also there as we just make models here and don't worry about the data as it was ready.
It is a good course and starter for someone who wants to learn TensorFlow and get a knack of implementation of Neural Networks on Real Life Datasets.Well Structured and articulated course work and notebooks.
Very informative and practical course. I liked the image generator portion of the course which makes pre-processing super easy and fun. Thanks to Laurence Moroney for making the course as simple as possible.
Really helpful course! Lawrence explains in such a way anybody can pick it up without much difficulty.  Will suggest this course to everyone who wants to get into Deep Learning with Images using Tensorflow.
Really great introduction to Tensorflow. The instructor is great. Make sure to have completed the Deep Learning Specialization in order to get even better experience and practice when following this course.
I have been looking for a long time a course like this, where the knowladge meets with practise and through the tasks it is possible to have a deep understanding how to use machine learning with tensorflow.
A very informative and interactive course, helped me to get started in TensorFlow. I recommend everyone start this course which is one of the first steps to get into Tensorflow in Practice specialization.
Perfect introduction for someone with no knowledge on AI at all. Some concepts are quite complex to understand (e.g. convolutio) but I believe that I need more practice! Thanks for this wonderful course!
Super useful and easy to follow. It allows me to go straight to the point and expand on my learning if I so wish. The notebooks are very well constructed and visualising convolution layers is fantastic.
A nice introduction to tensorflow, convolutional networks and ML for image processing, good for beginners or as a refresher if you have used old version of Tensorflow that did not have Keras integrated.
Fantastic course for intermediate students. I liked how Laurence always gave enthusiasm to explore how convolution works through visualization. Very excited for the next courses on this specialization!!
I really liked the way this course directly jumps into the coding exercises. Questions asked in the quizzes are too short and can be improved. Overall, a well designed and easy to learn course. Thanks!
Superbly designed and well laid out course. Loved the way initial onboarding was done using simples of line fitting and then slowly building deeper concepts of Image processing and CNN. GREAT COURSE!!!
awesome stuffs are presented here and lab are those thing which teaches me a lot, between this how can i forgot Prof. Lawrence and Andrew who made these things out of the box. thanks deeplearning.ai
I would say that I have dabbled in Python and ML before taking this course. I even finished the IBM Data Science Professional Certification. I was very much able to grasp what was being taught here.
This course is awesome and the way instructor teaches the topic is fantastic.I would definitely recommend this course for Ai enthusiast and tech enthusiast who are interested in learning Tensorflow.
My first course on TEnsor and i have nothing to say but this course is a must for everyone who wants to know more about Tensor. It establishes a strong background one could lay advanced knowledge on
this course was helpful for me to learn more about CNN. it starts from basic concepts and improve that slowly and step by step. i truthfully recommend how what to start working with neural networks.
Good introduction course for beginner who are interested in TensorFlow and Deep learning.By Quiz and Exercise you can tesitfy if you gain enough knowledge to pass the course which is really useful.
This course helps to dive me into the world of Neural Network . I have learned a lot though my Course . It was very interesting and fun learning with Coursera . Looking forward for the next Course.
It's a good hands-on exercise. I like to see more link to keras api document when we introduce new function in keras. However, Tensorflow document regarding keras api is yet in complete. Thank you.
Learn alot from this course, specially the steps required from importing data to train data from simple to real world examples. Further explanation of each line of code also demonstrate thoroughly.
Very clear teaching method and very hands-on, which is great. The course made me comfortable to try projects on my own and to learn the maths behind some of the things Tensorflow abstracts for us.
I have learned basics of keras in deep learning through this course. If we already familiar with deep learning (from Andrew's course), this course helps a lot for applying those concepts in keras.
The best starting course I've seen so far! And it is incredibly motivating. I understood the theory behind most things and reinforced them by writing code. I feel stronger now. Thank you so much.
Great start to learn Tensorflow .But having knowledge on theoretical and mathematical aspects is important. Instructor was good and simplified his explanations for everyone to understand better.
Laurence Moroney is the best. Before taking up the course, i didnt know anything about the AI or ML or Tensorflow. The concepts were explained in such a manner that anyone can learn Tensorflow.
Fantastic Introduction to Tensorflow, For learners, please check out the Deep Learning Specialization prior to taking this course, that has helped me immensely while going through this course.
This course is helpful in bridging the gap between theory and implementation part. Great course looking forward to complete the specialization as well.Thanks Laurence , I enjoy your teachings.
This is the best course about machine learning that I ever enrolled. Laurence is very amazing mentor that explain everything in detail and make it easy to understand at the same time. Thanks!
This course was at intermediate level. One should poses all the Neural Network knowledge in order to understand this course. The course covers all the basics of tensorflow one needs to start
It is my first course on Machine Learning and Deep Learning, it was amazing and they taught us with more hands on programs. This course is highly recommended for Machine Learning enthusiast.
It's an excellent course to kick off the coding of machine learning algorithms and mainly enhances the better understanding of Convolutions by visualising the effect of it to a given input.
Amazing course to get started with TensorFlow and Keras, if you want to have a better understanding of what you are actually doing I would suggest taking deeplearning specialization first!!
one of the best courses till now i have completed for ML and understanding of topics like CNN, Callback great work. I would just like to thank  Laurence Moroney for this wonder full course
After taking the Machine Learning and the Deep Learning courses, this was a natural continuation in order to apply what was already learnt. Very smooth and pleasant intro into tensorflow.
I learnt quite a bit about tensorflow and using convolutions to extract features. Then, understood how to input them into neural networks to make prediction algorithms much more accurate.
This course gradually builds your understanding which lays the foundations for DNN. Easy, short and simple. Anyone can walk through this course without having a basic understanding of NN.
It is very good course for beginners.Try to cover each and every line in programming.No extra puzzling lines of codes.A student starts to love programming after having few classes of it .
This is a very nice way to learn the basic concepts of tensorflow. Good way to start your journey into programming deep neural network layers. The small assignments are also very helpful
Very comprehensive. Well explained videos and documents. There are enough exercises to practice and assignments are good for measure the skills. Strongly recommended for beginners in AI.
This is a great course for starting with TensorFlow for real projects. This course provides many practical challenges which are really helpful for clearing the concepts of deep learning.
Excellent! I'm looking forward to finishing this specialization. I just completed course 1 in just 2 days. It's interesting, and the tutor makes it easy by explaining everything clearly.
It was good enough in an abstract level. For a serious ML practitioner wannabe, I highly recommend to take Andrew's Deep Learning course first, then move on to Tensorflow specialization.
This course is exceptional for people like me that is very interested in AI, but doesn't have previous experience with it. I learned a lot and I'm very excited to take the next courses.
Excellent course for a beginner.  The course teaches coding a simple NN using TF step by step with very clear explanations. I can't wait to start the next course in this specialization.
Very excited to see the next course. I find interesting and easy to understand this amazing tool tensorflow to develop very complex algorithms in computer vision. Thanks in advanced!!"
Its a really good course to learn basics of tensorflow. I think it can be improved by adding a better intro to coding using tensorflow. But they directly started by using the function.
The course is a gold mine for starters in machine learning tools, computer vision methods using tensorflow. I have read many materials and learned awesome techniques from this course.
It is the BEST of the BEST for the absolute beginners in the field of  ML / DL, highly interactive modules and the mentor's approach was so comfortable and push us to the next level.
The learning staff is quite vivid and straightforward, which makes a lot of fun. Meanwhile, I have also gain some fundamental knowledge of applying DNN to deal with complex problems.
This is a great course. It has a didactical structure and is so easy to follow.  The course is in an intermediate (maybe basic) level.  It is a great course to start with TensorFlow.
Great course, Great teacher. I suggest this course to every student that does not known how programming neural network. I suggest to attend this course and take this specialization!
Each video is short and easy to follow. The code in the codelab is very clear and as a beginner it makes everything much easier to follow along and gain the sense of accomplishment.
It´s a great course, you learn from scratch, but if you have sense of the concepts, you will learn a lot of it, and as the title mention, you will be able to put all into practice.
One of the best introductions to keras and tensorflow. I highly recommend using Deep Learning with Python by Francois Chollet to be used as a supplimental textbook for this course.
I had a really good time learning more about TensorFlow and Keras. I would say that taking the Deep Learning Specialization first greatly helped my understanding of these concepts.
Its a wonderful course for beginners. Do all the assignments and in the end you would have made wonderful models seamlessly due to the instructor's eloquence and defined approach.
I'd say for someone that knows a bit more than python and C++ basics it is really friendly and easy to understand and tweak around with exercises, really a great beginner course.
It has been a good start for me to get into the neural network and tensorflow world.In week 4, the level of study increased a lot.I feel like I just stepped in to the world of AI
Excellent course material. easy walk through over complex coding. simple and fast teaching style of instructor. would love to do few more advanced courses by the same instructor.
What I liked about it is that it goes straight onto the API and the tools available in tensorflow, (e.g. callbacks and automatic labelling of images) getting results right away.
Excellent introductory course for Deep learning in tensor flow. I would suggest to have a better conceptual knowledge before starting this course to extract the best out of it.
Very well taught by the professor. Covered everything from the basics of images to CNN. CNN in just 4 lines has made my life soo easy. Really glad to have taken up this course.
The experience was awesome. The course was taught in an easy, understandable manner. It gives the intuition about working of CNN and also hand-on experience on Keras framework.
Very elegant introduction to tensorflow with high level APIs such as tf.keras, totally loved it. This course was very good for anyone who is just starting to code in tensorflow
Perfect course for starting Tensorflow. Everything is explained in a very intuitive and easy manner and the course assessments and the collab books are very good for learning.
This was a quicker refresher course after Andrew Ng's Deep learning course. In a compact form it tells you all the moving pieces that you must know about Tensorflow and Keras.
A very nice Introductory course, and a very well explained lectures. The teaching is very interactive and you can complete the course in a short and equipped with many skills.
The teaching style of Laurence Moroney will make help you understand Deep learning easily and effectively. One of the best courses in machine learning. I highly recommend it.
This course is a must to start exploring the amazing field of A.I. The instructor does an amazing job at teaching the core tools needed to start building A.I projects. Thanks
Great introduction to Tensorflow. If you're already familiar with CNNs, this will help you brush up your knowledge rapidly. The reading notes have a lot of valuable material.
In general, the course is very inspiring and intuitive, especially for those who have a bit knowledge of DL and want to utilise tensorflow to realise DL training. Thank you !
Great course for someone looking to gain insight on the practical perspective of deep learning. Recommended after completion of the Deep Learning specialisation by Andrew Ng.
Excellent course. I have been through multiple courses on ML and AI. This course is different due to its simplicity of explaining the concepts. Much Thanks to the instructor.
Amazing, makes it easy a lot to use Tensor flow , also an advice you can watch this course in parallel when you finish the first two courses of deep learning specialization.
this course helps me better to understand how to use tensorflow . with this knowledge, i have better understanding why the real world data is very diffrent compared to MNIST
Great for beginners like me, but I want to use that in a real application and use it on the computer for able to achieve that. I will do that with this great instructions ;)
Very good course on Deep Learning and Computer vision. Image recognition is also very good stuff that they added here. Thanks Andrew Ng and Laurence Moroney for the content.
Good high level overview of a production grade API for building Deep Learning and other complex models.  Thanks Google and DeepLearning.ai for putting this course together.
This course is very helpful in learning TensorFlow command with the help of programming exercises. It provides me with insight into the practical application of TensorFlow.
really super course, great introduction with the very important points (which people subconsciously always try to ignore ) very nice explained. Can't wait for the next one
well done,  I pick up more every time I review the class...  one might want to look up the material on youtube before taking the class.   It dose take some time to digest.
I really liked the small bits of interesting and new concepts being taught and how well they were explained. Also each exercise was applicable, scale-able and interesting.
The instructor is fantastic, the material is well metered, and the programming platform is made for learning. All you have to do is bring your will to learn to the table.
I must admire his way of teaching a tesnsorflow concept in so simple and yet intuitive . Thanks a lot for building a course specially designed for tensorflow enthusiast.
THE COURSE IS AMAZING AND IT PROVIDED ME WITH GREAT INFORMATION OF TENSORFLOW AND LOT MORE DEEP LEARNING. NOW ON I WILL BE ABLE TO SOLVE PROBLEMS ON MY OWN. THANKS A LOT
Excellent Intro to this fascinating world, excellent videos, exercises, our teacher are incredible. Thank you so much for this course, I really appreciate it!. Cheers!!
Very insightful, as I previously did not have a computer science background and this course really helps break down the fundamentals of tensorflow and a neural network.
A well designed, well paced first course on TensorFlow and Machine Learning. Do not hesitate to follow it if you know nothing yet on Machine Learning or Deep Learning !
Learnt from the basics to use of Convolution Neural Networks (In Tensorflow) for colored image classification. Teaching method was awesome. Looking forward to Course 2
Very Methodical way of progressing from simple to slightly complex methods in Computer vision. Good intro course leading to more complex methodologies using Tensorflow
a really easy to grasp introduction. your work on clearly explained assignments. It turns out that Tensorflow is a piece of cake! Thank you for debunking that for us!
Very good course for practitioners. You can study this course in a very agile way. It is excellent if you need to implement neural networks and you are short of time.
Excellent introduction to Tensorflow. Links to resources for further reading and demos are supplied adequately and that really helped grasp the concepts more clearly.
Really liked how coding ConvNets was taught and really enjoyed the resources provided and really had the freedom to experiment a lot with different hyper-parameters.
I really appreciate how this course has demystified neural networks. I'm really excited to continue learning and eventually applying these techniques in my own work.
The course is structured so that one can walk through step by step and learn at one's own pace. Very interesting and encouraging to do more. Thanks to the lecturers.
This is simple, clean and nice intro to the topic! I recommend to have a little bit of Python background training before jumping into the course. Thank you Lawrence!
It was great to refresh my knowledge on image recognition plus learn about tensorflow classes such as ImageDataGenerator. Thanks for putting together a great course!
Very clear and helpful course. Probably best suited for people who are already programmers and have theoretical knowledge of neural networks but want to learn keras.
Very easy and comprehensive on the basics of using keras for simple neural networks, I liked the image data generator and the callbacks because they are very useful
Amazing fast track course with clear goals and practical examples. His teaching style is crystal clear and interesting. Looking forward to attend his other courses.
GREAT VIDEOSGREAT EXAMPLE SETS THAT ONE CAN TRY OUTGREAT SUPPORTING RESOURCES INTRO (COLAB)OVERALL OUTSTANDING - MORE RNN COURSES FROM LAURENCE ARE NEEDEDTHANK YOU
Neural networks taught as simple as possible. At the same time, an initial but insightful overview is given of what features are and how networks represent things.
I really loved the way this course has bee delivered. It was well explained and the exercises were really fun. I look forward to complete the whole specialization!
Really good. Its been a wonderful to look deeper into the Tensorflow, and to know about new tools which are very useful during training such as callbacks in keras,
Friendly to beginners. Great start point for people who want to program with tensorflow. Introduced basic workflow of dealing with image classification problems.
This is an excellent introduction to Tensorflow. I had experience with ML, but Tensorflow helps speed to market. The course material and presentation is awesome.
This is a very nice course, Laurence has a way to make the course easy going and interesting, and the practical exercises are very good to begin with TensorFlow.
A very good, quick summary of the basics of tensorflow using simple problems.  Callback was very helpful to learn about, thanks for clarifying the code for that!
An Exceptionally good starter for Machine Learning Experts. It has all ingredients to immediately start coding. It helped me a lot to resolve few of my problems.
It's a good course to boost your data science path specially in deep learning if you want to progress in object detection part.Thanks for providing this course.
Excellent course, the pace is also good, short and informative videos, exercise also structured well some things purposefully left out to enhance self-learning.
An Amazing introduction to the practical applications of Deep Learning. Everything was really well explained and the course progressed in a step by step manner!
Nice course and the assignments were nicely integrated and relevant. Still think it would be nice if the goal was more relevant than to just overfit every time.
Awesome introduction to Tensorflow. I've taken Deep Learning theory courses, but this is my first exposure to a DL library. Looking forward to the next courses.
Good exercises that were easy to follow. The jumping between Jupyter and colab was a bit annoying especially as I wanted to copy the content to my own computer.
I think this course is very practical and hands-on. The design of this course is precise and comfortable for me who is not an expert in this field. Thanks again
Great course to get started with building Convolutional Neural Networks. This is probably the best way to get beginners into Deep Learning for Computer Vision.
Everything is top class from teaching to assignment or quiz, best course in internet about Tensorflow .Thank you Instructor Laurence Moroney and Coursera team.
This specialization gives a very thorough use of the Tensorflow and after this course completion, I will be more confident about using Tensorflow for projects.
had a great experience in learning tensorflow for CNNs and very interesting to write complex algorithms in few lines of code.Thanks to coursera and instructors
I appreciated the opportunity to see how the basic codes works, and dive a bit more into the details. Does a great job of demonstrating the power of TensorFlow
Amazing Course And Build The convolution and dense neural network with a fewer line of code. And Also the Learn About the Google Colab and The it's GPU and TPU
Straight forward and direct to the point. Very good pace for newbies and to refresh knowledge. It also guides to another resources for more deep understanding
This is an amazing course, there are too many concepts that we don't know but they do it really easy to learn. I'm definitely excited for taking next course.
well designed course with simple introduction. Slowly increasing the level in assignments helps in increasesing the confidence of students at a higher rate.
This first course was amazing. I really enjoyed it a lot. I really like the assignments. I am excited to complete the next course in this series of courses.
It was a great introduction to get hands-on training with TensorFlow 2.0 and get a taste of image recognition tasks in less than 20 lines of code. Amazing!
Such a really nice course, Exercise was the best part of this course with gives us a handful experience for programming on neural network and deep learning
It has been a great understanding the tensorflows' ImageDataGenerator API. expect more to learn about Estimator API and transformer model using Tensorflow.
Excellent Course for everyone especially beginners. A lots of practical and useful information. Use available resources online to complement your learning.
This course has been extremely helpful in learning Machine learning, deep learning and Artificial Intelligence on a programmer's level. Thank you, coursera
Good Clarity and Gives great introduction into tensorflow + computer vision. Would recommend for people who are starting out in their datascience journey.
This coursera is very great! I learned how to build a neural network, how to improve the accuracy of the network through convolution. Thank you very much!
This is a fantastic course for the beginners! I'd like to recommend everyone to start learning tensorflow with this course. Thank you Andrew and Laurence!
The best course to get yourself started in TensorFlow. It is my first time with Python and TensorFlow, but I don't have any trouble following this course.
Really learned a lot, thank you! It was explained in such an easy way to understand. I started not knowing how to use Tensorflow and now know the basics.
Implementation is explained in a very precise and interesting way. This is an excellent course even for those who have not worked with tensorflow before.
It was well explained and the thing is they have shown us how to use it on real life examples. ImageDataGenerator was well introduced and explained also.
Thank you very much for the course. It is really useful introduction into Keras and Tensorflow. Looking forward for more courses in thing specialization.
exceptional. outstanding course. i got to learn may great things and i actually got confidence that i can work in TensorFlow without any fear  from now.
It was very nice to learn about machine learning in a very simple way but we actually able to create a bigger model by just using several lines of code.
The enthusiasm of my instructor really motivated me to learn such cool stuff :D.Thanks, Laurence Moroney Andrew Ng for this. I'm really grateful to you!
Excellent course to introduce fundamental neural network concept and illustrate how to build easily Neural Networks thanks to tensorflow high level API.
Excellent course. Very good for learning basics of TensorFlow to use building neural networks, and CNNs for use in Image Processing and Computer Vision.
This is absolutelly great into to Tensorflow library. It start from very simply examples and gradualry dive deeper  into exiting  world of Deep Learning
Very  interesting course, better to understand and practice together with Deep Learning specialization, especially Convolutional Neural Networks course
In simple words, "Awesome...". Thanks, Andrew NG sir and Laurence Moroney for providing this course, moving forward to earn the specialization program.
Its been fun, I have enjoyed learning computer vision and the modern day neural networks, can't wait to use my new knowledge in my upcoming endevours.
I like these courses because teaching me to improve my skills using TensorFlow with CNN. In other hands I learning from real cases to apply our model.
It was really fun taking this course. I learned a lot about how to do basic machine learning, using convolution, and classifying images. Thanks a lot!
Thank You so much for this course. I could practically do all the stuff that I have learnt in theory! Looking forward to more of this in next course.
crisp clear and beautifully explained , congratulations google you have successfully hooked a data scientist to tensorflow for the rest of his life !
Practical learning materials rather than theoretical stuff. I find it very good because it wasn't boring because I was required to code it by myself.
This course was really helpful in understanding the basic concepts of machine learning and using TensorFlow, building convolutional neural networks.
Amazing course. There was a lot of hands on involved appreciate the entire team of coursera  and all the professor who made such a beautiful course.
Easy to understand and implement, and the examples are based on the real dataset. Perfect for those who want to learn using Tensorflow from scratch.
Very Helpful for me. Thank you Coursera for accepting my financial aid. This means a lot to me. I hope this online courses will grow more than ever.
Amazing course with amazing Teacher, I took Andrew Ng deeplearning lectures but those were little complicated, tensorflow made it a lot sompler ...
This is a very good course for those who have already built theoretical concepts of neural networks but struggle at their practical implementation.
It was excellent quality, very easy to follow. The Discussion Forums are especially useful while learning. Overall, I enjoyed learning this course.
It's really awesome how I can started to learning in a very simple way, because I was thought that AI were very hard, but i was just limit my mind.
I like the way they explain the concept. I could gradually and repeatedly learn and practice the neural network through the examples. Thanks a lot!
This course is a great introduction to TensorFlow. Its goal is not to explain deep learning concepts, but to introduce you to the use o TensorFlow
Great hands-on approach to tensorflow. Very insightful course if you have studied some Machine Learning Theory and want to move onto the next step
The Video Lecturing Taken by the Professor is short and compressed which makes the learner interested to study more and a sense of accomplishment.
This course is really helped me to understand machine learning, the explanation was very detailed, and it was very helpful to understand the codes
This course provides the imprtant fundamentals to get started with the TensorFlow which will very handful in understanding of complex topics of NN
Videos are really informative, Only one complaint I have, It is quite hard to read the text in collab.  Even with the best quality video selected.
It's a very nice course. Everything is well explained. It really helps me to understand the basics of convolution network from top to the bottom.
The course was very simple to follow and made complex concept so easy to learn, as well as hands on exercise was great. thanks for the great work
This course is amazingly detailed. It promotes simple yet efficient techniques and practices along with divulging new information in the process.
Coherent and well constructed introduction and elegantly explained concepts that could prove quite tricky if one is to approach them on their own
It was a lecture that well explained why you need to know what you need to know and how to implement it. I want to recommend it to other people.
It gave me a great experience to step into deep learning.I'm very happy to have a chance to get a new journey for tensorflow with deep learning.
Thank you very much and really appreciate the way how this course teached me about basic of using Tensorflow. Thanks to Bangkit Academy as well.
Nice and fast. If you have time you will research by yourself and learn more. Otherwise you can just follow the techniques and learn a bit less.
Great course!  Very well put together and Laurence was a great teacher.  Speaking was very clear and a great pace too!  Thank you for the class!
Great course and very friendly to newbies like me. Sorry, I had to cancel my subscription due to monetary concerns. But definitely recommended!
I love the short video format, and the notebooks in CoLab. The chance to practice and play around with the code is invaluable to me. Thank you!
Well explained, I really learned a lot from the practical sessions and practice. I can code now without looking, or searching for codes online.
It was a nice experience to get a grip on tensorflow as it will definitely hone my skill on AI and to be competent with ML,DL and AI techniques
Very good introduction to TensorFlow, with very interesting examples and overview of how to use TensorFlow and CNN for real-world applications
I loved the course and i cant believe  i just completed it in 3 days  but i want to know that what is the next course that i should go for..??
It was most amazing course I have gone through, Initially many doubts were there when  started with Cnn, now only I got a sharp vision.Thanks
The discussion is very clear and the laboratory assignments are helpful to understand how tensorflow works in Machine Learning. Thanks a lot.
Really good and easy to understand course. This is the best course to take up after completing the Deep Learning Specialization by Andrew Ng.
Great course! Anyone aiming to learn hands-on Tensorflow skills and associated key Deep Learning concepts should definitely take this course.
A great intro into programmable machine learning solutions without the need to understand any algorithms from the mathematical point of view.
An excellent primer to the world of TensorFlow! Thank you dearly to Andrew, Laurence and the rest of the team for creating this great course!
I would like to say thank you for the whole course and exercises. I can see the result now in my understanding when I try to develop a model.
The course was straight to the point and with very useful and practical example on how to use keras progamming framework. Thank you Laurence!
A good introduction to TensorFlow and Deep Learning. It does not cover everything that happens under the hood but focuses more on the basics.
I recommend this course even to those who are fairly new to ML cause the was it is explained in the course is just very informative and easy
Very good course. I would recommend anyone looking to take this course to maybe explore the basics of TensorFlow and machine learning first.
I got to learn a great framework on the deep learning and understanding many models on the classification  of dataset and prediction on them
The topics were very thoroughly explained and the exercises really challenge your thinking and that results into more knowledge of the topic
I am very happy to join this course. The course content and the flow makes it very easy to understand tensorflow and deep learning concepts.
I really enjoyed this course  as this is a right mixture of theory and hands on experiance...but it could be made more informational.... :|
Thanks too much to Coursera, Andrew Ng & Laurence Moroney, to share and allow me to see such course in my country, Venezuela. Best regards.
Many thanks to Andrew Ng and team for the great balance of theoretical background, practical references and hands-on programming exercises.
Great course with clear explanations on each step along the way. everything crisp and clear, with a lot of room for practice and creativity
Very good introduction, with good explanation of the code and explaining what it does in detailed steps. Looking forward for the next part.
This is a very good introductory course and was self explanatory. The lab work(CoLab Notebooks) and courseware are very beginner friendly.
Easy and simple introduction to tensorflow and keras. I highly recommend finishing deep learning specialization before taking this course.
A great course to begin deep learning with. The quizzes and assignments provide a lot of practice and help understand the concepts better.
This course is amazing. How the instructors teach each steps and we could try as well. I'm so excited to learn more courses from coursera!
I loved every bit of the course. Very beautifully curated concepts and thoughtfully crafted coding exercises. Made learning extremely fun!
Nice Tutorial and Explanation from two legends in the field of AI. Always liked chat before the start of the tutorial between two legends.
This course is very helpful if you are so very new to Machine learning. It gave me Confidence to Learn more in this field. Thank you Sir .
A concise but rich introduction to Neural Networks and Tensorflow, that was easy to follow, engaging and informative. Well worth the time.
An excellent introduction to using TensorFlow with Keras to build super- effective models with an extremely small number of lines of code.
Great course, was easy to follow through and was really interesting to learn the concepts so quickly and apply them to real-world images!
Very Good Introdution to the beginners! And well-designed curriculum with hands-on practices! Cannot wait to move on to the next course!
This course  was overly helpful...almost all the buzz words I've heard and read about neural networks now seems to be coming together...
this course is absolutely amazing. I started from the very bottom, with almost zero knowledge, but can see positive effects within days.
Awesome !!, I was already familiar with the concepts ,this course help me cruise through the problem with required tensorflow knowledge.
Wonderful step by step guide that makes you go back and apply previously learned skills to the new module ... reinforcing the knowledge.
A fairly introductory course on Keras. I was hoping to learn a bit about the fundamentals of TensorFlow. Anyway it is a good refresher.
This is the best course to start Deep Learning. I liked the teaching and hand-on experience with the TensorFlow codes. Thanks Laurence.
Great Course. Very Crisp and precise. The Instructor is very well communicated the idea. Would like to again interested in other course
This course is the best way to get started with Tensorflow and Keras, If you have prior knowledge  you can finish the course in 2hs :)
Instructor explains it so well and If you have machine learning back ground, it will be more help full but its not mandatory, Thanks!!
It gave me that wow kind of satisfaction, after knowing the nuts and bolts of Deep NN from Andrew's class. Kudos, I enjoyed every bit.
I really enjoyed the course. It's very well structured and focussed on some key points in using TensorFlow for images. Happy learning!
It is a near perfect introduction to AI and is structured in a way that not much background knowledge is needed. I enjoyed the course.
Great refresher for individuals who have already taken deeplearning.ai courses! Lots of cool techniques for inline analysis of images!
Very nice course with a very pleasant instructor, Laurence. His explanations are very clear and he has a very nice voice to listen to.
awesome course, have gone through hundreds of random stuff on internet regarding tensorflow but I believe this is the best among all .
Great introduction to Tensorflow. So glad that you're using keras, which makes constructing neural networks so much faster and easier.
Very nicely done, thank you. The course gave me very practical basics on how to use Keras API from Tensorflow for classifying images.
Excellent introduction to TF with python, I was afraid it were more focus on theory but balance between theory and practice is great.
Great class!  Lots of material, and code.  The code is great to review after completing the class to apply to real world projects!!!!
An exceptional introduction to TensorFlow! Not to mention the added value of insightful conversations between Lawrence and Andrew Ng.
excellent course to get you started on the tensorflow for deep learning models.very carefully designed and well explained by laurence
Excellent course. It has good amount of code examples, explanations and intuitive reasoning to learn tensorflow and build DL models.
Its a great course and I just loved the contents. All assignments are great. looking forward for next course in this specialization.
Practical, extremely well taught, sufficiently challenging as  first course, correct balance of detail and practical implementation.
A proper course for those starting in the ML and Deep Learning world. The assignments could be a little bit more challenging though.
Recommended !. Congratulations for this course. Fast learning curve with very interesting and practical test cases. Thanks Laurence!
The course was very interesting, a step by step approach from a linear regression problem to classifying colored images!! Thank you.
Mr.Laurence Moroney has explained very nicely on what is Tensorflow and how to build complex models using very simple code snippets.
Very good courses. Even without strong background of python and deep learning, it is still not hard to learn a lot from this course.
Excellent Course...really it's a great opportunity to have a knowledge about machine learning and how to use a Tensorflow Framework
Very informative, clear and concise course. Helped me clearly understand how to use TensorFlow which is pretty much the REAL THING!
Very fast and seamless introduction into the Keras Tensorflow API (for image data). No algorithmics, just delivering what promised.
Exceptional! Very clean and crisp way of explaining. I have been watching Laurence's videos on Youtube. Perfect style and content!
The course was very interactive,it helped me a lot in improving my coding skills.Special thanks to the instructor Laurence Moroney
I'm very thanksfull to Laurence Moroney for teaching this course. And looking for to see more course in flow of tensorflow. Thanks
This is really awesome, learned a lot. If you are planning to take this make sure you are familiar with Deep learning fundamental.
This is one of the best Tensorflow Course available online. I really enjoy the course and practicing the examples and assignments.
This course gave me all the basics of TensorFlow that I couldn't find in a coherent format elsewhere! Very happy with this course!
It was perfect and brilliant beginning of the CNN with TensorFlow, I already started to implement new models,  thank you so much !
Great Course!! Finally I came to know how to train a neural network. It's fantastic.. and the course instructor is also brilliant.
Teaches the basics of Tensorflow and how to implement it in the real world scenarios like computer vision, image recognition etc,.
Learned quickly the basics with hands on. Detailed explanation for each statement. :-) Very excited to continue courses like this.
This course starts with the basic machine learning code modeling to some useful modules to implement deep learning in tensorflow.
The exercises are a little bit too easy; I also think that at little more emphasis on the theoretical aspects would be fantastic.
Thanks Laurence Moroney for this beautiful explaination of cnn, computervision in Tensorflow. Really good course for deeplearning
It is quit clear and easily  to understand the content when the instructor explain it step by step. Learn a lot from this course.
Excellent Introduction to Tensorflow and Keras. Recommend it to everyone who wants to learn how to code various DL/ML techniques.
Very good content and quite engaging when it comes to lab activities, where you proactively apply techniques acquired each week.
It was fantastic! Very well explained and conducted. It was very understandable for me (I had no prior knowledge of tensorflow).
Great course. The instructor was very focused and teaches exactly mentioned in the description. Homeworks could be a bit harder.
It is a very good experience, we have started learning from a very basic NN and to a very complex one. I have really enjoyed it.
this course covers all the basics concepts you need to know about the tensor flow and if someone is taking this course good luck
An excellent course. As always, I would recommend to widen the areas of code that we must write in order to pass the exercises.
This course helped me understand and build Deep Neural networks in a very simple way using the Tensorflow. It was very helpful.
It was fun to get hands on those projects. With knowledge from this class, I am able to build picture classifiers for anything.
Excelent course, amazing the explanations and the excercises are practical and they ensure the learning of the student. Thanks!
Very good course. This course has provided a good fundamental understanding about AI, ML, and Deep Learning. Thank you so much.
I've learnt bits and pieces of Deep Learning from many online courses, but none has made me grasp the details like this course.
I am new to the tensorflow. Your videos and notes and along with examples is quiet easy to learn. Enjoyed this learning course.
This course let me learn the basics of Neural networks and Artificial Intelligence and to give me a kick start to my AI career.
Really nice course for people who knows smth about deep learning theoretical part. Good resources to practice using tensorflow.
Amazing starter course to understand the basics and structure of Tensorflow, great well-paced lectures, nice practice examples.
Good experience really brings you up to speed with ML coding quickly. Highly recommended for anyone interested in the concepts.
This course was really useful for me.I understood how each and every program works.Thanks to coursera for offering this course.
This course is very interesting and easy to understand. although I 'm a beginner, I could understand about tensorflow and CNN.
It was a really great course, and I learned a lot while solving problems and had fun doing so. Thanks so much for this course.
This course is an excellent introduction to Keras. I think I can explore further as to tensorflow and deep learning from this.
Laurence in an INCREDIBLE teacher and advocate. He explains and teach in terms that anyone can grasp it if they commit. Thanks
A comprehensive explanation of the material, as well as exciting programming exercises, assist in grasping DL and Tensorflow.
Extremely happy, Till now I have never found any lectures which explained deep learning and Convolution NN  with Tensor Flow.
The course was very well prepared. The repetitive explanations were really helpful. The not-so-long videos are always a plus!
Extremely helpful content and graded/ practice assignments adds value to the overall course to revise and challenge our self.
Straightforward course! A great introduction to TF 2.0 that makes you excited about the field! It's a good appetizer folks ;)
a bit too easy, but very well explained, very clear. This is a very good learning to do before Introduction to Deep Learning
Truly amazing course. I got a hands-on experience with TensorFlow and this developed my confidence in structuring the model.
Great introduction for those unfamiliar with TensorFlow or Keras but familiar already with some aspects of machine learning.
Wow this course was a totally different experience for me, Thanks to Coursera for providing financial aid, totally worth it.
One of the best courses that I've ever taken. It's very simple and easy to understand. Yet, I hope it will be a free course.
A well planned and executed course, many details are teached here in a clear way that you won't find easily anywhere else.
This is a well-structured course to let people experience the power of TensorFlow and Keras without losing in the detials.
Very good course, It explores the basics of Tensor Flow and teaches you all ground knowledge needed to keep learning more.
Excellent Intro into Deep Learning and Tensorflow - i like the interactive programming tests - the only real way i learn.
Excellent course for getting started with Tensorflow. The programming exercises helped a lot in understanding the basics.
Great course for practicing tensorflow! Recommend for those who have basic knowledge of neural network and deep learning.
One of the best course to get started and understand core concepts of Deep neural network and convolution neural network.
I have searched a lot among TensorFlow courses, but this course is an amazing course. I highly recommended this tutorial.
Absolutely Excellent! Teaching you all that you need (and maybe none that you don't) to start using TensorFlow on the go.
I learnt a lot from this course! This is the best course for beginners to learn. After this course i am no more beginner.
I want to thank everyone involved in create this course. It is really well designed and I am very happy to have found it.
it's not so easy to pass the exercises, discussion forum will help you. I appreciate this course and, yes, I enjoyed it.
Great course to hit the ground running with A.I and learn the very beginnings of the material. Very interesting and fun!
Amazing course -especially the hands-on coding  part with challenging assignments - Thank you Dr.Morooney and Dr. Andrew
A great hands on learning experience. Definitely recommend it if you want to practically see the magic of CNN in action!
A very intuitive session on using TensorFlow for computer vision applications, with good utilization of the foundations.
before doing this i did machine learning by andrews ng , this course is very good for those who want to learn tensorflow
excellent course for a new beginner in a tensorflow related field, as it helps you to get insight into image processing.
A good course for basic understanding of Machine Learning implementation via TensorFlow. Easy to complete within 7 days.
It was a very interesting journey. The course is very organized and can be recommended for newbies to machine learning.
Good basic intro.  Doesn't dive very deeply into the underlying theory, but usually gives links where it's most useful.
Learned to work from small image to real life image with ample notebook shared for learning. It was awesome experience.
Awesome! ContentClear & crisp easy to follow explanation by instructor.Cherry on the cake is talk with Andrew NgKudos!!
It is really Great, and i learnt a lot from itthanks to all professors who are working to develop such amazing Course !
Very informative, I recommend taking Andrew Ng's Introduction to Machine Learning for the understanding of fundamentals
This course help me to understanding TensorFlow by practical examples. I have a great experience by having this course.
Great chance to put hands on Machine Learning with crystal clear lectures and convenient online practice in Google IDE.
Great introduction, very practical whilst  providing just enough theory to understand what each line of code is doing.
Good, to start with Tensorflow and learn the concept of the real-world project on the classification of human or horse
Very straight-forward course, it takes you directly to the point, it very helpful and easy to undrestand, Thank you :)
Really good to learn TensorFlow from basic while also providing a close look how data science theories are implemented
Brilliantly designed course with explanation given to every detail of the code. Thank you for such a wonderful course.
this course is perfect for me this helped me out to learn the basics of the tensorflow now i cab use it for my project
Useful from an implementation perspective; for beginners, would be better to start from Deep Learning Specialisation.
A great course from the best of the best AI people, the way the material is explained is simple and so easy to grasp.
Amazing course for beginners. Laurence Moroney is a great instructor. Really helpful to understand the basic concept.
Thank you, the course was pretty good and full of information. Looking forward to start next course in specialization
I found this course to be really interesting and the fact that following the instructor was easy made the difference.
Really interesting. The tutor explains all the concepts and the codes in a very friendly and an understandable manner
Excellent to the point material. Great examples , i guess the example make it much easier to understand the concepts.
This course provides good hands-on practice with TensorFlow with good tutorial examples and programming assignments.
If a person has learned the basics of neural networks and the working of CNN then this course will teach them a lot.
this course really helped thanks a lot coursera for these courses and giving us an opportunity to learn and explore!
One of the best courses I have ever taken online. Looking forward to joining deep learning specialization programme.
Thank you for a very simple way to introduce Machine Learning using Tensorflow. Will definitely recommend to peers.
best course out there if you want to get started with tensorflow. every ML student should take this specialization.
Nice course for beginner. Very well explained and address the core and key ideas of Tensorflow. Thank you so much!!
great syllabus and hands-on experience to learn basic deep learning with tensorflow keras. recommended to everyone.
Great Course . It tells about such interesting stuff. I loved it and the teachers were very good too.Thanks a lot .
This is the best course to start with Tensorflow for AI, ML and DL.Thanks Laurence Moroney for this amazing course!
Excellent course. Particularly the fact that all course details are available in Colab notebooks is really helpful.
Gave the basics of delving into the most useful aspects of TensorFlow. Other specifics can be learned based on case
Very helpful even though you might not remember all the details. Also resources shared are very helpful and useful.
Quite smooth introduction to NN, convolutional NN, image processing. First Course of  a very useful specialization.
Indepth and hands on. Since I have completed this course I have reviewed and reused what I learned here many times.
Comprehensive introduction to the image processing using convolutional neural network and deep learning algorithms.
Great course, I am really happy to take this specialization, easy to follow. I enjoyed the programming assigments.
I feel so amazed to have joined this course, a great learning experience. I will surely follow this course series.
Very good course .But should give a big picture of the library and its functions proper documentation explanation.
One of the well-explained material that can be found on the internet on tensorflow. Cheers to Laurence and Andrew.
Thanks, Its a course from where I learned the TensorFlow from starting as well as google colab.Thanks to the Team.
Nice introduction to tensorflow. The content is a bit light. I feel like it could have gone into a lot more depth.
It is wonderful courses that i have taken so far, it was very entertaining. I was never bored during the courses.
A very helpful course. It helped me gain confidence and apply theoretical knowledge to practical real-world data.
This course was my first experience working with tensorflow and it was really smooth. I enjoyed every bit of it!
Unlike most of the other courses, this one really makes a meticulous effort in teaching the coding from scratch.
Perfectly structured and organized course materials in a way that is easier  to learn, understand, and practice!
Very helpful info laid in a very friendly format. I love the labs and how I can tweak stuff and see the results.
This course is an excellent beginners course. I would highly recommend this to anyone who is interested in CNNs.
Very Intuitive and but not too slow. I love that there are plenty pf examples I can play around and tinker with.
Very good introductory course for those who is new to AI, ML, DL, and Tensorflow. Great external references too!
best course to get started with tensorflow and for those who are preparing for tensorflow developer examination
The course videos are brief and to the point. Exercises are well explained. A great introduction to Tensorflow.
This course provides a very simple and detailed explanation on how to create neural networks using tensor flow.
It is really a good hands on course with Tensor flow and it would really upskill every beginners in this trade.
Great basic introduction to the world of computer vision. Really enjoyed the way Andrew and Laurence conversed.
very nice and it was very helpful I thank corsera for giving me this wonderful opportunity to learn this course
You can learn lots of new idea about TF, ML, and DNN! Highly recommend for students, engineers, and scientists.
Excellent step-by-step flow of the course, including visual representation of what is goin on within the model
I love it. Really hands-on and practical. Would recommend this for those wanting to learn how to implement DL.
It is a wonderful course to get you started with the basics of tensorflow, and actually do something hands-on.
Great course, very practical. I recommend it to everyone who plan to develop their own models using tensorflow
Very good course as an introduction to Tensorflow. Looking forward to start next course in the specialization.
Really fun course with short informative videos. I really enjoyed playing with Google Colab notebooks. Thanks!
The course material and exercise problems are carefully designed and help enhance the understanding of topics.
Excellent Introduction illustrating how easy it is to start building machine learning and deep learning model.
Marvelous Experience Learning From Such A Great Teacher accompanied With the Co-Founder Of Coursera Himself!!
Very nice and easy course for python advance beginners to learn a very important application of the language.
I really love those short videos where important things are compacted and explained so really well. Thank you
I like the way all the code is systematically commented and a lot of things are simplified for the beginners.
Good. Basic and easy to understand for anyone that don't have experience in machine learning or deep learning
It is an awesome course. The exercises followed the lectures which were quite helping in building confidence.
The course is very well planned, the tutor  motivates you every time how can we improve  the model further !!
Easily done if already taken Deeplearning's overall Intro courses. But still ended up learning a few things.
It was an awesome moment unlearning, learning and relearning about tensorflow for artificial intelligience.
I have taken many courses , this is one of the best courses in machine learning . throughly enjoyed. thanks
Sufficient content for those with previous exp in deep learning. Great code implementation and explanation.
Great introduction to TensorFlow, efforts required to follow (and complete!) this course is very acceptable
Great introduction course. After having done Andrew Ng's courses, was expecting more programming exercises.
It is very helpful for anyone who wants to start learning from scratch or even want to build their skills.
Step-by-step introduction to TensorFlow. The core ideas and the practical notebooks are explained clearly.
The course was very well explained and I really enjoyed it very much, looking forward to the other courses
excellent explanations and interesting courese. highly recommended for beginners and AI and ML enthusiasts
Amazing even for a beginner who has a basic theoretical knowledge of machine learning and neural networks.
The course gives you the best insight into the basics of the topic with some hands -on experience as well.
Great introduction. I learned a few useful features that I hadn’t paid attention to before. Thank you!! :)
It's a great walkthrough and introduction to deep learning using tensorflow. Thanks, Lawrence and Andrew!
The course is short and crisp, with a lot of different topics. I like the course resources and assignment
I really enjoyed the course so much and the way in which the course been proceeded was quite interesting.
I really enjoyed this course. It is a very effective way to start with TensorFlow. I highly recommend it!
Nice course in terms of complexity of materials and exercises. After completion I really feel to do more.
Fast paced, great exercises (do them all!). You'll need introduction to Deep Learning before this course.
awesome course ,each and everything is explained from basics' I  just faced some issues with python codes
Very useful. The course has helped me gain intuition on one of the most popular frameworks - Tensorflow.
Very helpful to understand the Tensorflow APIs. The course is very comprehensive and easy to understand.
I feel it is important to learn " Deep Learning Specialization" at first before diving into this course.
It provides practical trainings and codes, from building a toy model, to DNN and finally to a CNN model.
A good introduction to the specialization. Nothing much new for me, but a necessary intro for newcomers.
This course provides the basic foundation building blocks to do Deep Learning with TensorFlow framework.
Really It was a great experience learning TensorFlow practically both in Deep Neural and Convolutional.
Quite good for beginners who had prior experience in Machine learning and got good hands on TensorFlow.
Excellent course that helped me learn the very basic code structure using tensorflow and it's Api keras
This Course is great, good choice for beginners who want to explore their knowledge about deep learning
I learn all the knowledge that i was expected and need for my research. Thanks COURSERA and Deeplean.ai
Its is a very good start for those unexperienced in machine learning. Amazin explanations and examples.
Great practical intro to machine learning and TensorFlow.  Learned a lot in a very short space of time.
It was a very nice course. Personally, I would have been interested in more mathematical explanations.
The Assignments are very well structured to enhance the usage of keras library along with google colab
A great course to start with, you just need to need to know some basic python and you are ready to go!
From a very basics to building an Image Classifier, this course has helped me a lot to gain my skills.
It is really easy to understand because they explain it well and also tons of exercise really helpfull
Great course! I couldn't believe I could learn coding Deep Neural Nets in such a small amount of time!
Learned a lot of DeepLearning Skills in a short amount of time. I would recommend this to the newbies.
The Best part about this course was the practical approach it took while teaching such complex things.
it was well and good to learn how to create model and to use the existing datasets built in tensorflow
Amazing and very beautifully designed course .It's great to start tensorflow with this amazing course.
I am a Deep Learning researcher and this course was easy for me but I think it is perfect for learners
Great course!! Very good at explaining important concepts in very simple terms and working through it.
A good course for reviewing Tensorflow and Keras after taking Andrew Ng's deep learning specialization
Awesome course to get started with TensorFlow if you know basics of machine and deep learning, python.
I have already done some other courses on CNN but still from this course I learnt a lot of new thing.
Great introduction to Tensorflow, with its practical application in AI. Many thanks for your efforts.
A great course to start with this cool library called Tensorflow. It was nice learning from Laurence.
Great and easy to understand with concrete examples and Jupiter notebooks to experiment with own data
Very fundamental and easy to follow. Recommend to anyone who are new to Deep Learning and TensorFlow.
I am the beginner to deep learning and I learnt more from this course.its a best course for beginners
The course gave me the confidence to work in tensorflow and do some machine learning stuff. Thank you
Vary practical and easy to follow material. I recommend this course to kick start TensorFlow journey.
Probably one of the most convenient form of learning. Never give it a second thought, just go for it.
The course provides a comprehensive basic understanding of TensorFlow to people new to this library.
An excellent course for the ones who want their ideas of Deep Learning to come alive in Tensor Flow.
Thoroughly enjoyed doing this course, Thank You so much!! looking forward for the upcoming courses..
Very interesting with hands-on practices that help the starters to understand the workflow of Keras.
This course has made me a better teacher. I can't believe how perfectly it is tuned to the use case.
The Concepts are taught in a really easy to understand way.Best Course to start learning TensorFlow.
Happy to see the great improvement compared with Deep Learning Specialization such as colab support.
A great indtroductory course to tensorflow with a first and simple image recognition neural network.
This is a great course but I will advise taking Andrew's "Deep Learning Specialization" before this.
Awesome course!  Would recommend to anyone who wants to dive into deep learning for the first time!
This course has let me understand, how to practically impose CNN's using Tensorflow. Love this one.
The explanations and the exercises are very well designed to improve the understanding of students.
this course will give you hands on experience with ANN and CNN and Its very easy to learn from them
good content with very useful examples with complex programming made very simple and understandable
It's a great introduction to Tensorflow , It allows you to learn the basics of machine learning dev
Never seen a more easy to understand course for tensorflow and machine learning totally recommended
Great introduction. Recommend taking it parallel with the Deep Learning Course if you are new to ML
According this coursera, I know how to code the first tensorflow program and how to tune parameters
Awesome Intro coures to learn about Tensorflow, I make my frist step into AI. Thanks the lecturers!
Thi is an excellent course, one need to keep both eyes wide open for keeping up the training step!
The Exercise is really a good way for me to get more hands on and quickly pick up the information.
i love the course structure and the linear growth in learning and the deadline to complete in time
The programming assignments were very challenging but I felt supported during my learning journey!
Amazing course! Goes in a perfect pace, starts from very basics and explains each step of the way!
It was amazing to learn all these new skills in just a clear and easy way, thanks for both of you.
Amazing course with hands-on experience. Great!!!. Keep making such practical(s) oriented courses.
Great introduction to a complex topic. Looking forward to the next course in this specialisation!
It's a great intro to tensor flow (nothing more and nothing less). Really happy I took the course
Loved the way everything was explained and felt like I got some hands-on experience on TensorFlow
Very excellent introduction ...I recommend this course for anyone looking to dive into TensorFlow
Learn Tensorflow by doing. Semi-real world examples and a playground to break them and test them.
This course is all you need to get started with TnesorFlow. Looking forward to more such courses.
Very nice course and a very good a simple implementation to learn how to build a neural network.
It was a great learning experience. Thanks to the team that put this up. You all are great!!👌🏽
its useful to work with jupyterlab to program machine learning code. I learned so much.Thank you
Thanks for great opportunity to learn the TensorFlow with CNN and Detailed information about NN.
Very good explanation, easy to understand, really good code examples, best course I've ever seen
Materials of this course are richful over my expection,thanking for the inspiring course heartly
Thankyou so much respected instructor for bringing this amazing course to us.Thankyou Coursera.
It is an excellent course, hoping the other courses in the specialization would be even better.
Superb videos, crisp and to the point. Exercises make you think and get you up to speed. Kudos!
An es=xcellent Introductory Course to Deep Learning with Tensorflow. Recommended for beginners.
Exceptional and outstanding introduction !  Love the introduction using a simple y=f(x) model !
Nice Introduction of deep learning by image classification example as well as keras tensorflow.
Awesome course. I encourage anyone interested in tf needing the fundamentals to get this course
Keras (tensorflow) is a easy tool after good understanding of the deep learning series courses.
It is a very helpful course to understand actually how Tensorflow works in such a great manner.
I believe this is a very cool way of learning Computer Vision. Thanks to Laurence and AndrewNG
Great course for AI and ML beginners. I wish some things were explained in more detail though.
It is an amazing course that allowed me to get a firm grip on the basics of TensorFlow and CNN
the part where Laurence says "horsey" and shit like that was terrible. Horses are lame anyway.
This Course help you out to understand the basics of convolutional NN. This is very insightful
A very good introduction to TensorFlow although at times it can be challenging (it should be).
This was a very simple, fast paced course that gets you started experimenting with TensorFlow.
Nice introduction, now I have the foundation to learn even more and finish the specialization
Simple,structures and very informative. Succinct way of giving information. Wonderful course.
Great course detailed and emphasize on code part is exceptionally well explained and managed.
It's a great beginner course for those who are not familiar with Tensor Flow or Deep Learning
Very nice course. Nicely arranged in small small parts. Excellent hands on practice excercise
Very great course, all clearly explained with a bunch of hands-on projects, very recommended!
Excellent course really good, its complementing really well with the youtube videos of Andrew
Super great hands-on course that allow you to go an directly apply to other projects! Thanks!
Very good introduction course. Quite understandable even if never work before with Tensorflow
Greatly explained all concepts of CNN. Should have been more focused on CNN concepts in deep
The course really makes learning complicated concepts easy. The exercises are super helpful!
Practical and simplified introduction to building basic applications using the keras wrapper
Awesome Work Sir. Great content and highly informative videos. Please keep up the good work!
The deeplearning.ai courses are well structured and provide a practical way to learn things.
Very good introductory course. A big thank you to the professors for publishing this course.
Very helpful. It gives a quick overview of key functions used for training using tensorflow.
Great course with hands-on exercises and to the point material. I had  a lot of fun learning
great class, thank you your teacher. I get to know how to train an image classifier my self.
Really simple to follow, takes just a few days.  Examples code structures are well selected
the course is really good if you are a beginner and want to gain some basics of tensorflow.
As an introduction, this course shows us the ways to learn tensorflow and DL as a beginner.
Quite friendly for beginners of tensorflow, lookford to more learnings in the next courses!
Good Introduction to tensorflow but the quizzes and test could have been more challenging .
This is very helpfull course to hands on with tensoeflow:neural network and computer vision
I really love the subtle humor in the course with the "don't panic with a towel" mentality.
Excellent Practical course & hands on for the theory i had learned on Deep Neural networks.
Basics of Tensorflow explained in a solid way. Really useful course for absolute beginners.
Easy but informing course. Excellent for people who are new to deep learning & TensorFlow.
From the introduction, you already knew that you are in the right path. Excellence course!
This is a absolutely good course for learning Tensorflow and Convolutional Neural Networks
Fantastic course! Very gentle introduction to TensorFLow. Can already apply this knowledge
Thanks for providing me this wonderful course. I have learnt the basics of keras, CNN,DNN.
The Course is easy to understand and learn. There are some bugs but one can overcome them.
Good for those starting hands on work on neural networks and interested in computer vision
This course is a sweet welcome to the ML world. I´ve learned a bunch o things as beginner.
fantastic introduction with well explained examples. Great balance of practice and theory.
Great Course. the instructors were good and used a lot of examples to explain the concepts
It is very complete and well explained. Easy to understand and easy to execute. Wonderful!
Great course that gives very valuable insights into the mysterious world of Deep Learning.
Awesome course. It s extremaly easy if you alredy know something about NN and optimization
Excellent way of teaching. Things are explained by making them much more easier than ever.
no matter u know much or little about deep learning, you can achive a lot from this course
Eagerly waiting for the next course. This was a really beautiful and well-designed course.
Though, the course is made by single man, it made really professionally and I enjoyed it!
It has been an amazing journey yet. I look forward to complete the entire specialization.
Very intuitive and one of the best teachers that we have out there. Highly recommended...
a very functional course on starting with TensorFlow. Enjoyed it finishing it in a day :)
Valuable lessons for an introductory view of Tensorflow and other deep learning concepts!
Very complex function taught in an easy to understand and grasp quickly. Very nice course
Teaches the basics you need to know before you start making and training your own models.
Great introduction course for TensorFlow and also teaches some fundamental Deep Learning.
Great Course and a Great Instructor . short sharp videos and lots of practical exercises
great course to start learning about AI, Deep Learning with TensorFlow.Great instructors
Great course to go through if you have the interest to explore this field! Very helpful!
Great introduction to TensorFlow, clear, well explained and with a lot of fun exercises.
really great course and content, by getting straight to the topic and well explained too
Laurence makes it super easy to understand all the concepts in the course. Thanks a lot!
very good course and attractive playground and such a rich reference to read and explore
Nice and educational. I got some good practice and had fun learning the basics of Keras.
It is great! It is very clear, I have get a basic try of tensorflow. I love this course.
Excellent course! Very well explained and to the point.Great resources too.Lots of fun!
If you know Deep Learning and just want to learn Tensorflow, THIS IS THE BEST COURSE :)
Fast paced and dense course which helps quick learning of important tools and concepts.
A good starter course for anyone interested in using deep learning for Computer vision.
The most important thing for me in this course is introduction to Google Colabs. Thanks
Well structured course to start with TensorFlow no matter what is your expertise level.
this course was very helpful and very understandable to anyone who is new to this topic
Great Course- Made it very accessible to everyone to learn the Deep Learning. Thank you
The program was an excellent course for beginners into TensorFlow and machine learning
The course was excellent in terms of developing expertise in ML-based learning models.
Slow and Steady teaching without boring even a second. I liked learning from Lawrence!
A very good course for beginners who want to dive deep into AI, ML, and Deep Learning.
Awesome course. I highly recommended  this course to anyone who is willing to learn ML
Some deeper explanation about how things like callbacks are implemented would be nice!
Short but instructive course, with plenty of opportunities for self-teaching after it.
This course is a great way to get started on learning the immense power of tensorflow.
An excellent practice based course that combines plain-english explanations with code.
Excellent! I'm not new to Tensorflow and Keras, but still learnt a lot in this course.
Much more hands-on than the other specialization on deep learning from deeplearning.ai
Very subtle points are covered with good hands-on and explanation. Highly recommended.
Great foundations of Deep Learning for Computer Vision from a practitioner perspective
Exceptional course that covers alot of the basics to get started w/ ML in TensorFlow.
I appreciated the steady build up of concepts backed by good examples and excercises.
This is the course for learning TensorFlow with code and it does its job pretty well.
Even still a basic introdcution, video and exercises are really effective. Great job.
Excellent course.I would like to thank Laurence Sirand a Special thanks to Andrew Sir
Very good introductory practical course with interesting examples. I highly recommend
Content and steps are intuitive and easy to follow! Totally in love with this module!
It was quite engaging and I was completely hooked to the content right from the start
A nice and soft introduction to Tensorflow. Never imagined using it would be so easy.
Nice place to start AI! Excellent online and easy to use tools. Thanks for lessons...
The course is good！It is very clear and easy to understand and can keep me passionate
Amazing! Made concepts that I though were difficult really easy. Amazing instructor.
Very nice and smooth introduction to tensorflow. Perfect explanations of every step.
Please specify more on variation of hyperparameter eventhough it is beginner section
So amazing, I completed it in one day. Super straightforward, still wishing to go on
This course makes me easily understand some basic knowledge of Tensorflow framework.
A smooth intro to the keras module using tensorflow and colab. Great for a beginner.
Nice course, teaching from the very basic and the example and also exercise is good.
A great course to put in practice all the learn in the Deep Learning Specialization
Straight to the point, no-nonsense introduction to deep learning image recognition.
Very good to have an overview of TensorFlow and master basic API programming skills
Wonderful Course for an introducing Neural Networks. Lucidly explained by Lawrence.
This will be a great introductory course for anyone whos lookiing to practice keras
One of the best short courses that actually build up a great TensorFlow foundation.
Fun, simple and easy to follow.  Can't wait for the next one in the specialization!
Great hands on tutorials. Exercises were very helpful -- just the right complexity.
Awesome course on TensorFlow. Helped me gain lots of confidence in terms of coding.
its just amazing and give you the idea how to implement the algoritms in tensorflow
A great course for Deep Learning and Convolutional Neural Networks using Tensorflow
Great experience! Really introduced the key concepts quickly and easy to understand
Really engaging hands-on approach for beginners to TensorFlow and CNNs in general.
Great for beginners and really helpful to start simple but very effective projects
good course, use googlecolab is usefull to learn to code and use tensorflow models
Nice introduction course!! I will continue to learn other courses in this series!!
Thanks for providing this course to make me learn to train some real-world models.
Loved the Course Structures and Implementation approach adopted by the Instructor.
An amazing course, very well designed in training students. I highly recommend it.
I have enjoyed this course so much that now i feel comfortable with Deep learning.
An introductory course what is very, very good for principiants. Very recommendate
Its a great course, now I understand the basics of Convolutional Neural Networks.
Really helpful to understand the essential of DL & TF! Thanks Moroney, Thanks Ng!
Great Introduction into Keras. Would be great if updated to Tensorflow 2.x syntax
Very good for getting hands on and for a first contact with tensorflow and keras.
This course was excellent course. It gave a very good introduction to tensorflow.
Great course and clear explanation of all the codes to do the deep neural network
This course taught me convolution, tensorflow code and improved machine learning.
It's truly an excellent course to start the journey into the deep learning world.
Best practical introduction course for deep learning, well explained & stractured
Very good, I think even a man who don't have any experience can easily understand
Very good introductory course to use TensorFlow for convolutional neural networks
The course was good. Programs could have been explained with even better clarity.
Good to start as a intro course. Content could have been little bit more tougher.
Great, course! I bit easy after the deeplearning course and still valuable to do.
Its one of the quick courses which gives a wide view on ML,DL,CNN and tensorflow
Simple understanding of concepts .Hands on approach .IN all an excellent course.
Thank you for the great introduction to TensorFlow! Everything made sense to me!
great inroduction and this make me want to continue learning about AI, ML and DL
Very helpful for me as I had some theory knowledge but I didn't know the syntax.
An exceptional course to practically implement neural networks using tensorflow.
I have to say this course is rather a tutorial than a course. Simple but useful.
It was a awesome course.. I recommend everyone to get started  with this course.
Very simple and clear explanation, then and there hands-on for all the exercises
Great Course for learning convolution neural network using Tensorflow and Keras.
Very good, I learned a lot, mostly with the challenges at the end of every week.
Really straight to the point course that gives you basic understanding about AI
This is one of the most valuable online courses I've taken about deep learning!
I learned a lot, they explained so well, i love it and I'm doing my own project
Great course for practicing the concepts learnt in deep learning specialization
Awesome very very good and god level explanation....i got alll concepts cleared
Amazing , i learned from stratch, thank you sir Laurence and thank you coursera
Good hands-on introduction. But it does require some basic understanding of ml.
Great contents delivering confidence to build real-world practical applications
Really great course!!! I've learnt a lot from this course. Thank you very much.
Excellent content - beautifully presented, with clear instruction. Many thanks.
It was perfect for getting the basics of tensorflow right. I loved this course.
This short course make me more understanding about Deep Learning and TensorFlow
thanks ,,,this course is the best course in introduction to tensorflow...thanks
Best course on coursera till now among all I completed or presently working on.
Great course to look the impact of the TensorFlow framework, it opened my mind.
this course is really superb it taught me all the basic concepts of tensorflow
Good to start your journey with TF, not very complicated but very informative.
Very clear instructions! Making it very simple to get started with TensorFlow!
It is a great course building understanding conceptually and worth undergoing.
this course is really very helpful and the study resources are really worthful
Very nice introduction to Deep Learning with Keras. I learned some new things.
Nice way to describe the content of this course which is helpful to any person
Excellent Tutorials and really helped me to learn TensorFlow and Deep Learning
Really enjoyed the integrated examples. The instructors know their stuff too!
This course is simply awesome. It boosts your confidence. Thank you courseera
A very well defined course for any individual who is a beginner to TensorFlow
Very informative introduction to Keras API. Great course, easy to understand.
Very lucid and easy to apprehend. Well designed introduction to Tensorflow2.0
Basics are cleared thoroughly and a completely wonderful learning experience.
i really had a great time in studying this course. I learned a lot. Thank you
Very understandable both written and oral materials presentation. BIG THANKS!
The course was very helpful. Useful examples were used throughout the course.
Best way to learn is from the bottom to the top. I loved the way they taught.
Perhaps will be good to provide some reading notes in PDFs for after reading.
A great introduction to TF for Machine Learning. I recommend it for starters!
Very well explained course, accessible for everybody who already knows python
definitely introductory course, however a very good place to start with Keras
A very good introduction to the tools and techniques of TensorFlow and Keras.
This was a great course to get to know the basics of CNN. Highly recommended!
Course is excellent. Very practical and on to the point. Perfect instructors.
Excellent course to get a quick overview of TensorFlow and convnet.Love it...
Great course to understand the Basics of Deep Learning and Tensorflow Keras.
This course is very useful for me.I have learned the basic of CNN.Thank you.
its been a very good journey to  learn about  tensorflow and AI more deeply.
Perfect course to get started very simply on Tensorflow and computer vision.
Excellent course for beginners. I can say there is no match
for this course!
Excellent course. I enjoyed listening to the videos and doing the exercises.
getting stress for some error for submit assignments but it is cool learning
Awesome Couse, I loved the content. Its a must-do for every AI practisioner.
A very Interesting way to learn some very useful concepts. Kudos to the team
good balance of theoretical and practical knowledge  provided in this course
Very Informative and the notebooks help you understand the code a lot better
deep learning code could be so simple,it's amazing and exciting,thanks a lot
The course gives me very useful content and helps me to start deep learning.
A not too deep but entertaining and interesting introduction into TensorFlow
It could be better if we get some hands-on for the pre-processing part too!
It was really good learning the course through videos n well explanations..
Thank for creating this course. It really useful for my University Project.
Excelent course to get on track with Tensorflow and learn about DNNs & CNNs
A good intro course about tensor-flow and machine-learning for programmers.
Amazing course to get started with tensorflow and keras in computer vision.
I now have a really good understanding of how TensorFlow works in practice.
it's to easy and to shiort. Not even programming assignments were evaluated
This is an excellent starting point for those wanting to go deeper into DL.
TensorFlow for Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Artificial Intelligence
Easy to grasp concepts and coding assignments were pretty straight forward
Good course for beginners to learn the basics of TensorFlow and applied ML
It was really great lecture. Thank you for providing such a nice material!
Outstanding Course, excellent instructors, course material is exceptional.
Practical (hands-on) and easy to follow. Very nice examples and notebooks.
A very thoughtful,  informative and hands-on introduction to  TensorFlow!!
The course was very informative with short lectures and hands on exercises
Great Introduction to Tensorflow, Google Colab, CNN  and much more! Thanks
Very nice explanation, so far easy to undertstand about the marial. Good!
very good course for those who already know a bit of deep learning, cnns.
Excellent and imperative course for anyone interested in machine learning
Great course to learn basics of building neural networks with TensorFlow.
Thank You..this course help me to gain my knowledge about neural networks
Very interesting content and very well presented and explained. Thank you
Lots of fun programming exercises to play around with on Google Colab :-)
Assignments were really tough... I took a long time to accomplish them...
With this course, I am confident of restarting my career in data science.
Wished you provided some nlp-realted examples, great intro course though.
It is a very good course to start in the artificial intelligence world !!
Really Enjoyed the course content . Must have for learning AI application
Excellent course. I learned a lot of specifics other than model building.
Easy to follow while providing material for those who eager to learn more
It is a great course!  The material helps you to understand the concepts.
I have learned a lot from this course, and I like this style of teaching.
really helpful to learn tensorflow so easily and apply to some data sets.
Simple yet super effective. Saves so many hours of studying by yourself.
I am very grateful to Coursera that they have given me this opportunity.
Such a great privilege to have this course during this pandemic for free
Great introductory course for understanding Deep Learning and TensorFlow
Simple, direct, covers multiple keras functions with poor documentations
Very good course to start implementing the algorithms into code. Thanks!
I already learn how to use Jupyter and Google Collab,what useful for me.
Short and crisp explanations, and in-depth walk through of example code.
amazing to code if you have little background knowledge of deep learning
This is bets TensorFlow and machine learning course I have found so far!
Excellent Course - Complex concepts have been explained in a simple way.
Very good first approach to the tensorflow tool with hands on exercises!
Good course, nice intro with the 'Hello World' example. Would recommend.
It was very interesting course, they were very understandable tutorial.
The tutor and the materials were helpful to get an intro to tensorflow.
Great course to learn to code using Tensorflow. Really great Instructor
Great Course for beginnings to start Computer Vision and Deep Learning.
Really good course during Lockdown. Thank you all for designing course.
Very clean and understandable content. Thank you for this great course!
I learned many things about machine learning in a very simple language.
This is the best course I have attended on Cousera. Thank you for that.
Really great platform to start implementing different neural networks .
This was a great intro. I learned a lot. Totally recommend this course
This course is great for even a beginner like me. Highly recommended!!
Would recommend this course to anyone who is interested in tensorflow.
This course is truly phenomenal for learning the basics of Tensorflow.
Straight forward and mini-digestible content allows for easy learning.
Unlike many other intermediate AI courses, this was very easy go grasp
better course but recommended to complete Deep learning course first .
Great balance of theory and hands-on exercises - I highly recommend it
Excellent introductory course for beginner, and also good as refresher
Excellent course to take after completing Deep Learning Specialization
Very nice course. The instructor was amazing and I have learned a lot!
Great hands on for tensorflow. For me it was  a great review material.
Enjoyed this course, especially the practical way to start using Keras
A very effective and clear introduction to Tensorflow and AI, ML & DL.
Greatly taught the practical aspect of how to perform deep learning !
The contents are clear and detailed, really good course for beginners
Amazing Instructor,This course is really helpful get done with basics
A well structured course with good supporting material and resources.
Fastest way to get your hands dirty into implementing computer vision
Great course where each week built on each other in a very clear way.
Awesome Sir, Laurence & Andrew its been wonderful learning experience
The kernel was broken...so had to run the codes again on local PCs...
This is very good course for beginners for introduction totensorflow.
This is a very basic course for TensorFlow. I liked the assignments.
Awesome course, clearly explained. No big talks, hands on as always!
Excellent course for the learners interested in learning Tensorflow.
A very good introduction to Deep Learning by using the tf framework.
good course ,Laurence sirs explanation is very simple to understand
The Instructor is good and i learned many new things in tensor flow
a beautiful way of learning and developing the skills in tensorflow
jupyter kernal breaks some time, other than that everything is good
This is a great course and the teacher explains everything clearly.
A very useful and thorough course which covers the basics very well
This course is well structured and easy to follow. Thanks Laurence!
The explanation is too goodthanks to instructor moroney and andrew
This is useful course. It helps in learning basic of Tensor Flow ,
It gave me great start in Deep Learning.Thanks Sir,Thanks Coursera
A good course with comprehensive material. Very helpful. Thank Yoo
A great course if have prior knowledge behind the maths part of DL
Quizzes could be better. But overall very practical and effective.
It's a nice course! Recommended for all the enthusiasts out there.
Very informative, well structure and excellent practice notebooks.
Very helpful course on Tensorflow with amazing hands-on exercises.
This is a good beginning course for learning how to play with CNN.
Great course...hands on and practical use cases. Highly recommend.
Learned the basics got some useful resources for further learning.
Great introduction to the basics of TensorFlow for a total noobie!
Amazing Course. Like the name of the specialization -> IN PRACTICE
Yey!  Much much easier to understand than other courses out there.
Quick but very informative. Going to the second course right now!
Amazing Course for Beginners.Loved the way the course was taught.
This course was awesomeexcept some grading problems in assignment
one of the best courses I've ever taken especially with exercises
Explains the relatively tough concepts in the most lucid manner!!
For a beginner this was a little fast but was great way to learn.
Very Intuitive and fun. The tasks are based on real-life problems
Great source and materials for learn tensor flow and deeplearning
A great introduction to Tensorflow and deep learning. Insightful!
This gives a very good introduction  to tensorflow for a beginner
Great introduction to Tensorflow pitched at just the right level.
Best Course for learning tensorflow and its rare applications..!!
Very simple to understand . Good course and very good instructor.
It was a great experience ! enjoyed the lectures too !! Thanks..
Worth doing course...awesome explanation with very good examples
Really easy to follow and the notebooks were very well annotated
Great Course. Now I am confident to build my own CNN classifier.
Really accessible introduction to CNN with TensorFlow and Keras!
Amazing course- Exercises are equally challenging- Amazing Tutor
one of the best course for basics of image processing using cnn.
Got to learn a lot! Looking forward to more courses like these !
very easy to understand and get the best knowledge in tensorflow
Thank you. It helped me a lot to learn python tensorflow basics.
Nice, but a course should also give a little bit of a challenge.
It is a wonderful introduction and has a great stimulating tone.
Exceptionally succinct and condensed course with lots of value.
I really loved this course. Thanks a lot, Laurence Moroney!!!!!
Dear course team! Thanks a lot for that intro into TensorFlow !
Simple enough for starting and great enough to get AI knowledge
Very educative, this course helps me have a hand on TensorFlow.
Great intro to TensorFlow! It got me up and running in no time.
This is an amazing introduction to Deep Learning and Tensorflow
Great course to introduce learners to this amazing framework !
Learnt building deep learning model in tensorflow from 1 layer
This course is definitely a great start towards Deep Learning.
To understand the basic TensorFlow and Deep learning concepts.
an excellent start in TensorFlow and artificial neural network
good course in this specialization program found very helpful.
well done, simple even if a I would add a bit of theory to it.
i love this course it puch me in  CNN NN Keras world i love it
It was a awesome journey to learn the tensorflow from scratch.
this course gives me clear and concise idea about tensorflow ,
This course made me more confident while working on TensorFlow
Very well designed and modular course, Instructor is excellent
That was really awesome and great intro for complete beginner.
Definitely good. Thank you Coursera for this wonderful course
Practical tensorFlow course. Very interesting and well taught
its was the great experience thank you for this lovely course
Great course to start actual implementation of Deep Learning.
one of the best and most efficient course for computer vision
This is the best platform and course to enhance our knowledge
it is a very nice curse, learned a lot. thanks to all of you.
Excellent, very easy to follow. And exercises are interesting
The method of teaching was very generous. Thank you soo much.
Good start point to the framework. A little too basic, though
It was a great course. Awesome content with a great teacher!
Thanks Laurence Moroney ..very great course. this courses :)
Nice Introduction. Very good to get the basic paradigm of DL
I was able to run CNN for image processing.Great experience.
Easy and interesting. Great to start with tensorflow and ML!
Very  simple language at the same time good course material.
Extremely well explained concepts! Highly recommended course
I finished the first and now want to take the second so bad.
Its very awsome and must do for new beginners to tensorflow
best course for intro to deep learning and machine learning
Really practical and to the point course. Enjoyed it a lot!
This course really teach you about the basics of Tensorflow
Awesome course and material... thank you, dear instructors!
Very nicely taught , and made the concepts clear. Thank you
It's pretty great for a beginner to understand basics of NN
The pacing of the course is perfect! Thoroughly enjoyed it!
Very clear and to the point on getting a NN up and running!
Very nicely crafted videos and notebooks.Loved this course.
I found this course extremely practical and easy to follow!
Great explanation and resources! Enjoyed taking this course
I am satisfied and can recommend this proffessional course.
Excellent course and I would strongly recommend this course
Recommended course for beginner wants to learn TensorFlow.
Short lectures with wonderful examples. Highly recommended
Deep learning is just amazing at it's context and learning
very good, the teachers are awesome and very well designed
well prepared course, there are so good hands-on projects.
Useful course for who want to begin coding with Tensorflow
It did help me a lot of learning TensorFlow with projects.
It is very information and basic to understand Tensorflow.
Very nice course syllabus/structure, very nice instructor.
Efficient and clear introduction into keras and TensorFlow
clear explain, instructor is very experienced on the topic
Best course for beginners to study and work on Tensorflow.
Well thought to bring one up to speed with AI, TF. NN, etc
It's an amazing course. Loved it.Recommend it to everyone.
Great course, it's short but full of quality. Interesting
information is presented as easily accessible as expected
Good explanation. Excellent references. Amazin exercises.
Perfect Course for beginners,  The instructor is awesome.
Thank you For teaching Me TensorFlow and Machine Learning
Great place to start learning practical Tensorflow skill.
Thankyou for the such a insightful introductory learning.
Excellent course and mentor enjoys a lot in whole course.
Such a nice course!  Good start for Deep Learning. Thanks
Very practical knowledge. I enjoyed the course very much!
It's very helpful to start your journey with tensorflow .
Brilliant explanation and I learnt a lot with this course
Clear content and good start to see the capability of TF.
Very good course for beginners in TensorFlow programming
This course is good for those who are new to tensorflow.
Clear introduction to Tensorflow. Interesting exercises.
Perfect course to start your journey in Neural Networks!
very practical course i have learned a lotkeep learning!
Best course to start learning AI and CNN with TensorFlow
Good pace, and easily digestable progression of concepts
good courseyou need to think or you will not passmade it
ya now we can automate process of tuning hyperparameter.
It was amazing. Thank you, Laurence and DeepLearning.ai!
This course was truly on purpose for me. love for tutors
A very simple and deep introduction to using tensorflow.
An excellent introduction to this topic. Very practical.
Thank you Laurence and coursera for such a great course.
Nicely Taught.Enjoyed learning.And interesting projects.
it was really straight to practicals  with lots of codes
Excellent intro or refresher course for Keras/Tensorflow
a great course i would like to see more from you guys :)
code first introduction to DNNs! 10/10 would recommend!
Excellent introduction to understand DNN and Tensorflow
Great course to start learning the basics of TensorFlow
I love this course. It's simple and easy to understand.
A very useful and practical introduction to TensorFlow.
Very comprehensive, concise course. Introductory level.
Very good, simple and straight forward. Great practice.
This course is Great! Thanks Coursera and Bangkit team!
Love the learning steps and this course is challenging!
Good material and assignments that helps to build skill
Learned about a lot of new things. Thank You very much.
Course Contend and Teaching Methodology was Exceptional
It is clear and clean code to me as a beginner of Keras
Clear and direct info! Great intro with great examples!
great course cover the basics that we always over look.
This course is awesome to explain tensorflow from basic
it was really great, tough me a lot  about tensorflow.
Nice teaching method, Language fluency and explanation
A good way to start coding for deep learning!!!!!!!!!!
Hands-on course. I really liked the teaching approach.
Very nice - thank you! Liked especially the exercises.
It is an amazing course. I was able to learn a lot!!!!
very good explanation  of neural networks from scratch
This is an amazing and easy introduction to tensorFlow
introductory level course but clear and to the point!!
Very informative and excellent for tensorflow beginner
it is very useful and interesting course for beginners
Excellent overview of and approach to Machine Learning
Very well put together and straight forward to follow
Very good introduction to Tensorflow and the options.
Excellent Course for getting started with TensorFlow!
excellent teaching and very well contrived exercises.
Excellent balance between quizzes and practical work.
A very practical approach to dive in Neural Networks.
Very good course for learning tensorflow in practice.
Excellent introduction to TensorFlow for Deeplearning
One of the best courses in Coursera. I just loved it!
Really great course to learn the basics of tensorflow
Excellent followup to Andrew's specialization courses
Thank you for making me understand what tensorflow is
Sharply smart and practical. Best cost/benefit ratio.
One of the best courses to get start with TensorFlow.
Nice high level introduction to keras and tensorflow.
Nice introduction to TensorFlow and its capabilities.
Great job! The course material was as clear as water.
This is a introductory amazing course to TensorFlow!
This is a basic course that is likely for beginners.
Much easier to understand and to learn how it works.
Good introduction. Shows power with some basic code.
The course was very beneficial and instructive to me
It's really amazing. I'm very excited to learn more!
Great intro to tensorflow, it was very fun learning.
Short videos and hands on approach. Really liked it!
absolute beginner and super cool to learn tensorflow
Nice and easy explanation of Tensor Flow. Excellent.
Great course. Thank you, Andrew. Very very helpful.
Excellent introduction to Tensorflow with examples.
I wish to work on some pretty challenging problems.
The course was really amazing. Got to learn so much
Really good for beginners to begin with Tensorflow.
Nice course. Some notebooks should be fixed though.
Amazing course. Easy to learn. Recommended for all.
Its a great course with good explanation of basics.
Little Advance level which i really needed. Thanks!
Useful to accelerate your learning in Deep Learning
Great course ! Very good examples and explainations
Very helpful in understanding tensorflow framework.
To the point, useful and reasonable time-commitment
Great course. Looking forward to the next course(s)
it is really very intuitive course that i had seen
More towards the practical approach of Tensorflow.
exercises in this course helps a lot test learning
Very good teaching, easy to understand and follow.
Very cool small Introduction course in Tensorflow.
The videos are short, which keeps us more engaged.
Excellent course to learn the basics of tensorflow
Easy to follow; Simple and well organised examples
The course was detailed, concise and to the point.
This is the best course to learn about Tensorflow.
Excellent Course. Definitely recommend to take it.
Excellent material and well presented.  Thank you!
very easy to understood explanation and technique.
Excellent introductory course on using TensorFlow.
Well explained with a lot of very useful material!
Very Informative. Good for Beginners to Tensorflow
It's a good course for introducing in TensorFlow.
Very useful! Really grateful, I took this course.
Insightful series. Learned lots of basic concepts
Very good course. I enjoyed it from start to end.
Great course to learn about cnn using tensorflow.
Good contents, quizzes and very good explanations
It is pretty good and clear. I like it very much.
This is a very cool lesson!I learn a lot from it!
Awesome Experience with Laurence and Andrew NG...
Excellent introduction to this fascinating topic!
Great Technical Course! When the next one starts?
Wonderful course! Very lucid but very effective.
This course is great! I gain my confidence back.
Great course for beginners to learn Tensorflow !
It was  a great experience learning this course.
Great for starting deep learning with tensorflow
i really loved the way he explained every detail
Helped me a lot with my Machine Learning Project
Nice introduction and videos are well presented.
Very good class to learn this difficult subject.
well explained unlike previous andrew-ng courses
Good course for Introduction to Computer Vision
Great course for getting started in TensorFlow.
Incredible practical and easy to do real things
Very well suited for people of many backgrounds
A really good way to start in Tensor Flow world
Excellent content and explanations. Thank you !
Straightforward and easy lectures and practices
It provides a straight forward way of using TF.
easy to understand with an interesting delivery
very nice course for beginners to intermidiates
Very well done. Learned and enjoyed thoroughly.
Just the right difficulty and information on ML
Very useful for learning basics of TF and keras
Comprehensive and easier for us to understand!!
It is a good introductory course on Tensor flow
Amazing. Everything is explained step by step.
was extremely useful to study about tensorflow
Good introduction with good hands-on exercises
great course for beginers learned a lot THANKs
Best place for beginner to practice Tensorflow
Very great introductory course intoTensorFlow!
Great source for learning Tensorflow concepts.
Very informative, good run through of the code
Great introduction for deep learning and keras
this is good course for beginner in tensorflow
To the point, working with ML in first 3 hours
Very good introduction to CNN with tensorflow
Wonderful course, from a wonderful instructor
good! I have some knowledge about tensorflow!
Very good teacher, Really enjoyed the course!
A great course taught by a Wonderful teacher.
Nice explanation of TensorFlow. Learned a lot
A good introduction to both ML and TensorFlow
But we can still have a sequel to this course
Thank you very much! Your review is very fast
very good and practical hands-on really helps
Totally loved every second of it. Thank you !
A practical way to study Tensorflow and Keras
Excellent practical application of tensorflow
This course helped me to dive into tensorflow
What a nice course! Can't wait to learn next.
Great Introduction of TenserFlow from basics
good for beginners to learn TensorFlow... :)
Very nice overview of the tensorflow basics.
Lawrence is just an excellent instructor !!!
Very good introduction simply well explained
Best course to kickstart learning tensorflow
Great course! Fast paced and informative! :)
Amazing content for Deep learning beginners.
very good, and very comprehensive. Thank you
VERY WELL EXPLAINED THANKS TO THE INSTRUCTOR
very simple for me to learn about TensorFlow
Good introduction with lot of practical tips
Amazing practical view of the Deep Learning!
Wow, amazing, true technical hands-on course
great content and very practical and useful
Thank you so much for this wonderful course
Good course with nice programming exercises
NIce material to learn tensorflow and keras
Very well explained course, thanks you guys
Very well explained and easy to understand!
Great intro to tensorflow and deep learning
Great course, learned a lot and about Keras
Great course to learn about the Tensorflow.
FOR ME AS A BEGINNER I FELT THIS DIFFICULT
Good technical introduction to the course.
best professional course for ML Enthusiast
I found this course very good for beginner
In depth and thoroughly informative course
A beautiful course designed by Andrew Ng !
The saddest part of this course is it ends
Great Course on Convolution Neural Network
Great hands-on intro course to TensorFlow!
nice course to remind some tweaks in keras
This course is very helpful to me. Thanks!
The course is quite basic and informative.
Great Course for beginners to get started.
One of the beautiful course to begin with.
Best Course For Learning TensorFlow !!!!!!
Really enjoyed the course to the fullest.
Excellent method of teaching! Very simple
Easy to follow. The explanation is clear.
complex material summed up in simple ways
Content of this course was really good...
Excellent course and very well presented.
Very well structured and great instructor
Exercises were super helpful in learning.
A very good introduction to AI, ML and DL
Very good high-level introduction course.
Well designed course. Best for beginners.
This was great!! Learned and practiced ML
Structured, helpful, friendly, awesome!!
Good Start for understanding Tensor FLow
The topics are well explained! Loved it!
This is a very good course for starting.
Great course. Would definitely recommend
Very precise and up to the point course.
The course is succinct and to the point.
Good Course For understanding TensorFlow
I got hand's on Experience, good course.
Excellent one ..specially for Tensorflow
A good basic introduction to Tenserflow
Youre the best teacher!! great course !
Very practical and to-the-point course.
Very well explained, easy to understand
Great course with a great understanding
Exceptionally taught and great examples
Really good for a new one in Tensorflow
Useful and interesting, easy to follow.
Excellent intro to deep learning!   :-)
It was easy and I completed in one day.
Awesome practical learning based course
totallly amazing course i learned a lot
Great way to get started with TF/Keras.
practical introduction to deep learning
This course is amazing for new learner.
Excellent course, i am waiting the next
incredibly interactive and informative
It is a very good introductory course.
Phenomenal introduction to Tensorflow.
The hands on session is really helpful
Good Course for beginners.............
provides good information in clear way
Very nice course from shallow to deep.
Very good. Clear and very interesting.
Good, fast face, cool and fun lecture!
wILL RECOMMENDED THIS TO MY COLLEAGUES
very interesting to learn tensor flow.
In three words, BOOSTED MY CONFIDENCE
A great introduction to Tensor flow !
Very good designed hand-on materials!
it was really helpful. worth the time
good course to start with tensor flow
Great intro to high level Tensorflow.
Perfect for beginners to Tensorflow !
Great Initiative for my career change
Great course! Would like to go deeper
In detail and yet very clear concepts
Really a practical class, Thank you !
Maybe less Keras More Tensorflow2.0 .
Had a great time learning. Thank you.
Thumbs up for beginners to get into.
Greatly explained by the instructor.
Amazing course, thank you very much!
It's professional certified course !
It was awesome! Thank you very much!
He is a great teacher awesome course
Great course.  Moves at a good pace.
So good for starting with TensorFlow
Very basic but complete introduction
The course and instructor are great.
best course to begin with tensorflow
Great and quick introduction of CNN.
excellent intro course to tensorflow
Learned a lot about using tensorflow
very interesting and new information
well organized and presented course
Great! Is easy learn from Laurence.
Practical, easy intro to TensorFlow
A very intuitive and useful course.
Great dialogues Laurence and Andrew
Thanks for this wonderful course :)
Goog examples for new in TensorFlow
One of the best course for beginner
Extremely helpful to understand CNN
Nice Lecture and Detailed Materials
Great content! Ideal for beginners!
Great course! Very detailed design!
Basic, but really clear and useful.
Excellent intro class to TensorFlow
simplyExtraordinary...GOdblessyou!
Hands to keyboard, easy to follow.
Great introduction for a newbie...
Its a foundation course to Convnet
Very good nice hands-on experience
To Course to begin with TensorFlow
It was insightful, quick, and easy
Very helpful course for beginners.
It was so helpful for me.Thank you
Great Hands-On Introduction to TF!
Great Explanation of the concepts.
On of the best courses in Coursera
It was very helpful for my project
Great Course. It Helped Me a  lot.
Good overview of tensorflow basics
Fluid and very easy to understand.
Great course, title is as promised
This is a great 101 for beginners.
Very good, fast-paced introduction
For me, the course, was excellent!
Tensorflow made easy for beginners
Well explained! Nice introduction!
Great introduction for Tensorflow.
A good way to beginning to learn.
Amazing Course design and lecture
very nicely created and explained
excellent practice on tensor flow
THANKS FOR SUCH BEAUTIFUL COURSE.
It was good learning this course.
Very concise and helpful content.
great so much fun and challenging
Really good course to get started
Great intro to Tensorflow (2.0)!!
Very concise and friendly course.
overall good course for beginners
Very well structured training ser
Great way of teaching tesor flow.
Easy to understand, useful course
Great introduction to Tensorflow.
Short and to the point. Perfect.
great introduction to Tensorflow
the course is designed very well
Thanks a lotIt is a great course
It's amazing. Thank you so much!
Great introduction to tensorFLow
learned basics about tensor flow
Great Introduction to Tensorflow
Passed 1/4 of my way! Thank you!
Very good course. Easy to learn.
Simple yet useful and efficient.
easy and simple course to follow
This is a really helpful course!
Awesome content for starters!!!
Good introduction to tensorflow
Excellent program on TensorFlow
Want more from Laurence Moroney
Best course to learn Tensorflow
Great course for every beginner
great course. clearly explained
Excellent coaching and guidance
Awesome tutorial on TensorFlow!
Wonderful Course to begin with.
It was a great course. Thanks!
Very nice course. Recommended.
It is very clear and engaging!
Simple but very practical one.
Awesome ! Totally understand !
easy to follow along and learn
Perfect and easy to understand
Concise and functional course.
notall concepts are 100% clear
Excellent Introductory Course.
best course, best instructors
a very great starting program
good way to start tensorflow.
Great intro to Tensorflow ^_^
Great course. Easy to follow.
A nice overview of tensorflow
A good course for tensorflow!
Learned a lot as a beginner.
Best Course on Deep Learning
Nice Course! to get started.
wonderful learning materials
Thanks for this great course
good content and assignment.
Great course! Great examples
Great introductory materials
Awsm course must learn......
Awesome, Really interesting!
its very good for beginners.
Excellent Learning Material.
Great course with "hands on"
My first sight of Tensorflow
Much helpful for great start
short videos. easy to follow
Great course, Great examples
Loved the hands-on approach
awesome intro to tensorflow
Nice according to hands on.
very good learning platform
Detailed Fundamental Course
This course is very clearly
Good Course for beginners .
Very easy, but too helpful!
Excelent!!! I really liked!
Very good "hands on" course
good material on tensorflow
Great, simple and effective
Best course for Tensorflow
Great course. Thanks a lot
Good course for tensorflow
Great Introduction course!
hands on approach is goood
Great course and teacher!!
I really loved this course
great intro to tensorflow
Nice Comprehensive course
Nice and Good explanation
Brilliant short and sweet
great course.Learnt a lot
Good intro to Tensorflow.
Very hands on programming
Great introduction to TF!
awesome and thanks a lot.
Thank you deeplearning.ai
wonderful course content
Best intro to TF and ML.
Great course and content
great course and teacher
good, easy to understood
Good delivery of content
it is very gooood course
This Course Is the Best
Really excellent course
Awesome hands-on course
Very Structured course.
Really good intro to TF
Good course and content
nice class for starters
Really helpful course.
very helpful and funny
Good. I learned a lot.
Good One ,Learnt a lot
This is a Great course
very fun and practical
GREAT JOURNEY to learn
Perfect  for beginner!
Good Hands-on examples
Nice and easy to learn
best of in the world!
I like how he taught.
quite easy and simple
really helps me a lot
Very Excellent Course
such a helpful course
Excellent Teaching!!!
it's a amazing course
this is great course!
Extremely good course
very clear ! thanks !
Very amazing course!
Perfect for Begineer
very great ! Thanks!
Great course! Thanks
Excellent teaching!!
Good basic overview.
helpful intro course
Must do this course.
Amazing as always :)
it was a nice course
Really Great Course
Clear and Crisp !!!
Good teaching skill
learned many things
Best In The World.
Really excelent!!!
It was informative
few updates needed
Extremely Good !!!
Laurence is great!
So easy to follow!
Good Introduction!
Very instructional
Very Great Course
course is awsome!
Must take course.
Short and amazing
Course is owesome
Good paced course
it was just great
Excellent thanks!
Best for learning
Practical course
simple and good.
Awesome Lectures
Best of the best
That was great.
Amazing Courses
awesome simple
good practices
Thank you all!
great courses
It is perfect
this is good!
Great lesson!
Good Class!!
loved it : )
great intro!
Super cool！
Really Good
It was fun!
Pretty Cool
KerasFlow~~
very cool!
very cool
Cool one!
Lovely!!!
loving it
Rigorous
