This is a good course with good explanation but the only problem with this course is that it covers so much information all at once during the entire week and then there is just literally one or two programming assignment at the end. There should be exercise questions after every video to apply those skills taught in theory into programming. I now know general concept of deep learning but I still barely have a clue on how to code those concepts. If I wanted to code all that myself I still wouldn't even know where to start, where to get the data etc etc because the programming assignments were  just, now write this, now write that. Also there should be a help button where mentors should be available because we have tons of questions after learning a new concept. We cant just type all questions in the discussions forum and then then wait till someone replies and then that question gets lost among the pile of other questions. Especially in programming assignments when we get stuck and then dont have a clue what to do now. For $50 a month, the teaching structure is really poor. Even khan academy has a much better educational structure. and its all free too.  I am a college student with a part time job and I am contributing 70% of my earnings towards this course because my future depends on it.
Course  targets very slow learners. Professor repeats same stuff again and again and again, basically for 4 weeks we learn how to calculate the same things  (front-back propagations and cost function).  Programmings assignments are incredibly easy, all solutions are made by authors, you just write in code what they described in notes. 1-2 lines here and there.
I'm very dissapointed, all what taught here is also on the Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course. The sole difference is that here python is used and that the exercises are extremely easy, you almost have not to think. And even they give an approx of lines of code you have to write which are no more than 4 and if that threshold is surpassed is because you have to copy & paste same thing with different variables names.
The lectures and assignments are extremely shallow, unengaging and poorly edited and recorded. Andrew Ng is riding the waves of the popularity of his ML course. I regret every dollar and minute I wasted on this crap. DON'T ENROLL DO YOURSELF A FAVOR GO READ A BOOK!
Wouldn't recommend because of the very low quality of the assignments, but I don't regret taking them because the content is great. Seriously the quality of deeplearning.ai courses is the lowest I have ever seen! Glitches in videos, wrong assignments (both notebooks and MCQs), and no valuable discussions on the forums.  Too bad Prof Ng couldn't get a competent team to curate his content for him.  For such an basic level of content, you will find many other courses that are far better.
Great Presenter in Andrew Ng, on a topic of tremendous interest to very many. However,  unfortunately the grader  seems to work only rarely in accepting submissions. Code that runs perfectly in the Notebook is  repeatedly rejected by the Grader. Dozens of comments on these problems when the course opened two months ago. But still the problems have not been fixed!And if you want to reset your Notebook for a fresh start , that may take hours or even days . A pdf addressing exactly  what one needs to do would be sensible. Instead one spends dozens of hours trawling round Forum discussions to guess what might actually work for the Grader. A most disappointing experience. Why is this considered in any way acceptable?
Not enough explanation or support to complete the very vaguely worded assignments in anything like the specified timescales.I respect the source of this course but as a teaching resource it is really very poor.
Terrible integration with Jupyter Python framework, end up losing 3 hours of work! Nobody responds from the courser team !
This course is really quite bad. I'm not sure why the rating is so high. Probably because they are only prompting people who completed the course to rate it.The main problem with the course is that It spends the majority of its time describing a byzantine set of notation while avoiding actually helping you understand how to apply the concepts you're learning. So you learn that a^[l](i) is the activation vector for layer "l" and example "i" but then you get to the python portion and, big surprise, none of that information is even slightly useful.Even worse, the course hasn't chosen its audience. If you're good at math you'll be annoyed about the math explanations. If you're good at programming you'll be annoyed by the programming explanations. Rather than isolate that material in a way that lets people skip parts which they already understand, you get a really basic explanation of everything all globbed together.Anyway, I'll still try to hack through this thing to finish it, I'm just letting you know that if you're underwhelmed, you're not alone.
Meh. I don't know why we are spending so much time in Week 2 talking about the math and how to not use FOR loops in week two when he STILL hasn't given any kind of overview about why we do this math, how we're going to use it to identify cats in pictures. Instead, we're just yakking on about math math math math math with NO context whatsoever. If I wanted a math class, I would have taken a deep-in-the-weeds math class. I expected a higher level of instruction for this higher level of abstraction but instead it seems that he just wants to talk about math and how to use vectors in NumPy. Zzzzzzzz.
I am very disappointed with this new course concept where you have to pay 43$ a month to be able to solve a quiz. Coursera used to be famous for its free courses and now it just removes free features over the time. It has become another site with expensive courses. I watched first week lectures and this is probably my last time to enroll in Coursera course.
Course teaches bad programming practices, such as naming variables dZ and b. Also it is little outdated - neural networks are not written in numpy anymore.
This course is more of spoon feeding, I liked the introduction to neural network in "Introduction to Machine learning" course better.
The programmation exercice are nice,  but the courses are mainly about very basic linear algebra.
This course is really good but assignment given to solve is not understandable.
It will be a good course when you dump jupyter note books.
giving low grade for ongoing delays of course 5
The course is well structured and the explanation is linear and mostly clear, but:1- in 2020 I expect that in doing such a course are going to be applied relatively modern teaching standards, like for example avoiding handwritten text. What is the purpose of writing on the screen if you can use animations to more clearly connect concepts during your lessons?2- I don't expect that errors to be just rectified before the video. Reupload the video? Errors like that during long formulas and explanations are just going to kill the learning. It is pointless to write before the video that in the future video you will make an error. Just correct it ON the video.3- If you can't explain in-depth calculus, just to di with the help of someone else. You cannot exclude calculus.4- The only thing i've learned in this course is vectorization (thank you). The rest is just copy the formula given during the explanation (handwritten on the screen.....) and paste during the exam. I didn't learn how to apply a neural network because during the "exams" it was built already. I expected assignments to make me build an create every piece of the network, instead it was all already done and all i had to do was repeat what Andrew says in the video. This is NOT learning. You need an assignment per video for that kind of thing, you can't just go forward and write some formulas on the screen pretending you have "explained it" because nothing seems explained to me. Why should i use those methods or formulas instead of others? Nothing is explained.
My main motivation to take this course, is to have constructive feedback on what parts of my code implementations were wrong and if so, why is it wrong. I realized that the grading is mere mechanical and doesn't offer useful feedback. Without proper feedback and right explanation, I would never be able to learn the concepts 100%, which defies the purpose of me signing up for this course in the first place. I don't mind paying even 100 to 200% more than what I'm paying now, but if I can't be taught nitty gritties of the models, then I don't feel like it's worth my time.
In week 4 assignment I faced multiple time  "Malformed Feedback" and 0 points and every time I complained it about discussion forum and try all the possible ways to submit the assignment and tried all tips which I get from the discussion forum.but nothing worked and I marked multiple times new thread but there was no reply and no soultion from the other side and still now my problem is not solved.I am very disappoionted and fraustated with the course.
Very very slow going course, incredible boring, very low level of mathematics involved and overall very low level of explanation. The assignments are way too simple and actually, you are not learning to do anything by yourself.
assingment locked is never unlocked. I payed money and so on so on to unlock the test but no one helped me.Why there no helpler for the cosera coourse even the course took money from me?
This course grader doesn't work correctly and this causes me not to finish this course. I sent an email regarding this issue but they've not answered me yet
Because this course has got some bad questions in assignments and I am leaving the course only for my failure to do them???????????
Beginners course, should have never enrolled. Was told that these deep learning AI courses were advanced. Wasted some money here
I'm extremely disappointed with this course, to be honest.  I lost track of things from time to time.
absolutely useless. won't waste a single second longer listening to andrew talking
Not my favorite course. Content and exercises were VERY repetitive and boring.
i don't wish to continue it after the trial week - sorry it is not for me
i cant do it as i dont have IT back ground is diffecult fot me
The auto-recurring monthly subscription is an obnoxious scam.
i'm having a grading issue and i didn't get a reply
The instructor is Chinese. Chinese product sucks
The course expands on the neural network portion of Andrew Ng's original Machine Learning course, but ported over to Python. Even though it is spread out over 4 weeks, it really doesn't cover any additional material. Instead, Ng repetitively goes over the math and coding with vectors in Python, while stressing how hard the calculus derivation would be. This might all be helpful to you if calculus was not your strong suit, but my guess is that if you have any kind of background in computer science or statistics, the math in this course would be almost elementary. The assignments are done on Python Jupyter notebooks, which has the advantage of a standard environment, but disadvantage in that it hides some abstractions. Specifically, you lose the sense of what the actual code would look like in a Python IDE. Sure, you can download the notebooks as .py files. Much of the code is pre-written, and you only fill in a few lines of code in each assignment. It would take a lot of self-study on what's actually going on in setting up the programs to actually be able to self-write a neural network. Although Python is without question more popular in machine learning than Octave, it is more popular because of its library support, and in a course that requires you to build your own neural network instead of using libraries (besides numpy), that doesn't matter. I preferred doing the assignments in Octave rather than the notebooks.Since it is impossible to purchase this course on its own, perhaps the bigger question is whether the specialization is worth it. Courses 4 and 5 are not up at the time of this review, but Course 3 is only 2 weeks with 2 quizzes and no programming assignments, and Course 2 is about hyperparameter tuning, arguably the most novel in the 3 courses, but still not something that deserves its own specialization or even its own course. My suggestion is to watch all the lectures for free. And then use your free week to do the programming assignments, which you can probably finish in a day, across all the courses.
I felt the assignments are more of a fill in the blanks, than using brain. There was not much of a challenge considering my Scala certification
Lectures a good. The programming assignments are too simple, with most of the code already written for you, so you only have to add in very similar one-line numpy calculations, or calls of previous helper functions. I would learn more if the programming part was harder.
too easy to pass (the code needed for the assignments is even presented during the lecture)the lectures itself are like "deep learning for dummies", everything is repeated multiple times
This course was a hot mess.  Andrew Ng seemed to lose his train of thought in some of the lectures, and he would repeat himself and just say nonsense sometimes. There were a bunch of errors in the quizzes and the assignments were confusing at times.  On the whole, this was not up the the standard of Andrew Ng's old ML class.  I did continue with this series of courses anyway, and I noticed a marked improvement in the quality of the second course, so its possible that they cleaned up the first one in the time since I took it.
Too slow, a lot of repeating facts, very little contents in total in the course, and nothing new compared to the old machine learning course which was more fun and much faster. Nice environment with python notebooks though!
If you are already used to Python/numpy and you followed the free Machine Learning course from Ng, you really won't learn anything, apart from a new activation function.
Coding Exercise Were quite simple, a full length assignment  would have been better.
This course is good to just learn the terms and the basic aspects on architecture of deep learning. There is hardly any big explanations on the mathematical foundations of the topic which are of extreme importance to understand it.It is a course for someone that dos not know much about neural networks or mathematics. Is unfortunate that lead researcher in the area is able to say that it is not necesary to understand what a derivative is to be able to understand deep learning and the algorithm to update the weights of the network. I guess only for a first time course that is true, but I was expecting more from this course.
Programming assignment is too simple
Very basic level
The course does not have the same quality as the “Machine Learning” course Andrew Ng made with Stanford. The biggest issue are the programming exercises, that do not require the learner to think at all. Most tasks in them are on the level of “copy and paste this piece of code”, “retrieve a value from a python dictionary” or “use a mathematical formula displayed directly above”. I appreciate the effort to make the course more inclusive to people with a weaker background in Computer Science. It would however make the course much more worthwhile to have challenging exercises with optional hints, instead of giving the solution away in each task description.“Neural Networks and Deep Learning” hardly teaches anything, that wasn’t already covered my “Machine learning”. The major differences is that it uses Python instead of Octave and arranges features as rows instead of columns. In my eyes, the learners time is better spent, skipping the first course of the Deep Learning specialization entirely and taking the Machine Learning Course instead. To the creators / maintainers of the course I would advise creating a summary, that covers the most fundamental differences between the two courses (different notation, numpy fundamentals) and make a suggestion where someone who has taken Machine Learning should join the Deep Learning specialization. While the audio quality has improved, the video editing is poor. There are multiple occasions where misspoken content, that was clearly meant to be edited out, remained part of the video. Many videos are preceded by a “Clarification” reading task that corrects some mistake in the video. How hard is it to get an intern to fix this in post?
Really just mathematical background knowledge. Nothing you would ever need, since there is keras. No own thinking  during assignments neccessary, either.
Easy course if you have coursed the ML course before. I would like to see more explanations in detail. Still some bugs in the assignments... why???
Course starts with a lot of math without any context what all those computations and parameters are used for or what they have to do with N
The assignments are not good. Too easy and too much handholding. Also lots of technical issues.
The programming assignments provided a good framework in order to practice coding the main functions in a neural network.  This was helpful to understand the matrix operations underlying the forward and backward processing in a general L layer network.  Without a previous background in linear algebra and in neural networks however this course would be challenging and maybe very frustrating due to the limited debug information available.  The course videos need to be a lot more focused on the details being conveyed.  The verbal and visual discussion and explanation provided is in my opinion not effective.  The slides are cluttered and contain many errors, the verbal portion is like a casual conversation that repeats quite a bit, and the script provided for those that get tired of the repetition contains many transcription errors.  I would recommend that someone be paid to correct the scripts to help those that prefer this way of working through the course material.
The notation used in the course was horrible and correct math notation should be used even if the course is not intended for math students.I also feel this course should not be labeled as intermediate skill level.  This was a very beginner level course.  I have a PhD in applied math and was simply looking for knowledge in deep learning since my doctoral work was in a different field.  It was very clear that I am WAY behind the target audience of this course.  That's not necessarily a negative reflection on the course, but I still didn't find it very useful and feel like it should be labeled as a beginner level course.
To me, this is a failed attempt at simplifying those concepts. After spending hours trying to figure it out, now I find the algorithm behind the Neural Network very simple, and I can easily explain it to someone. But in this course I had to figure out by myself what was the point of those hundreds of lines of maths. So, very interesting concepts, but the "transmitting style" wasn't for me.
Very abstract, and the examples are not as concrete as they could be. I'd use better visuals to ensure that the concepts in each video are understood 100% visually.
Great attempt but it failed to provide complete details. Specifically the project files and their loading mechanism
too easy, suitable as an entry level class
Few Detail. Mathematics missing.
AI is the place to be, no denying that. And I am here to learn.But I am having several problems with this course.First, I am trying to get into the forum. After 30 minutes of searching the site, I have made no progress in any mention of the forums or any clue how to get there. What am I missing?The second issue is that Andrew Ng could, I believe, inject more "intuition" into the introductory concepts in neural network learning. To be specific, I believe he should explain that connection  values to and from the hidden nodes change by an error feedback signal which originates from the difference between the net output as it learns, and the correct output as specified in the training set. Thus a picture shows a cat. The pixel vector is presented to the net with the desired output, "Cat =1." But the untrained net outputs .15, a number indication "no cat" by its low value. So an error signal gets fed back into the net, which learns Make this crystal clear at first.Here is a suggested intro for Andrew:Quote:"A simple way to convey this feedback learning is via an analogy to how humans learn by a fundamentally identical  process.  Many simple examples could be given. A person learning pilot a boat steers the boat too far to the right, so it heads to the dock. Noticing this, the learner turns the rudder in the opposite direction to correct, and the boat gets on the correct path again. After some learning, the student pilot gets a more "deft" feel for steering the boat. The errors (hopefully) become less, as the learned control is achieved. Thus, feedback learning is the most natural of human endeavors, and is a major part of what makes humans so successful compared to species with less of this ability. "Feedback" was popularized by Norbert Wiener of MIT ca. 1949, who called it "cybernetics." Cybernetics is named after the Greek word for "rudder of a ship." The fundamental idea is we learn by negative feedback, and machines can too.It is called "negative feedback" because the feedback signal is just the opposite of the error at the output of the net, person, boat rudder, etc. If the net output is too high, then the feedback says "go low." If the net output is too low, the feedback signal says "higher."  In a similar way, we learn from our errors and mistakes in this course,  as much at first by our correct answers. So I encourage you to be diligent and learn this new area of expertise, deep learning technology. Don't be discouraged by the unfamiliarity of the material or your incorrect answers. They are valuable feedback for succeeding in this course!  I wish you that learning success as you join this area of the future as it grows! "So in conclusion, I suggest hitting the "feedback" issue a bit harder in the intro to this great course. Respectfully,John Brookes
I started this specialisation out of curiosity amid the flow of raving reviews, and after completing it I feel extremely disappointed. As many people have pointed out, most of the interesting material related to deep learning is already covered in Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course. Before embarking in this specialisation, one should be aware of the following:1-The underlying theory is extremely simple: NN's secret sauce is gradient descent. The fancy terms (RNNs, CNNs, etc) are just variations around the basic Neural Network. 2-The assignments are extremely basic. Very often this a case of filling a few blanks there and there in pre-written python functions. The only difficulty is to remember the various APIs for Tensorflow and Keras (eg: "should I write activation='relu' or 'Relu' or 'RelU' as a parameter for my Keras black-box ?"). Far from designing an "intelligent" machine, I felt that I was the one being reduced to a box-checking automaton. 3-You will pay per month that you spend working through the specialisation. Sorry, busy people. This might seem anecdotal but it changes the learning dynamic entirely, by discouraging time-consuming exploration of the research articles mentioned in the videos, as well as self-derivation of results that are not demonstrated. The clock is ticking. Therefore the implicitly encouraged behaviour is to ignore interesting/optional material and keep filling the blanks in python functions. This review should acknowledge the work of prof. Ng and his team. There are many positive things about the courses that have been mentioned elsewhere. However it is marketed to a much-too-wide audience. Those with no statistics background will be left with very little solid knowledge, despite the repeated claims. Those with more exposure to statistics will find little to justify the investment in time and the monthly fee.
I've thought about this for a while, and I can honestly say I did not really enjoy this course. It didn't teach me much that the (free) machine learning course by Andrew Ng had left out, and it was outright boring. I stopped for a couple weeks, then finished it in the last week because I didn't want to just give up, but it wasn't fun or particularly enlightening. If you haven't followed the other course, this might be interesting. If you have, the content is almost fully covered, and in addition the assignments are just too guided. I understand this from the course maker's point of view, but literally copying from the same screen does not help memorize the material, and it's boring as well. Another problem I had was the complete absence of the mathematical background: I understand this is not supposed to be a mathematics course, and some things are just too long to explain, but if you take a topic and you remove the theory (because it may be too hard or long), remove the pratic section then there isn't much left. A fun part of the Machine Learning course was that the video lectures explained a looped implementation and (at least in the first few assignments) it was completely up to you whether to bang your head on the vectorized implementation until it worked or just take the easy way out. I'll admit, I did not watch the optional videos yet, so I cannot express my opinion on that. TLDR: don't take it if you have already taken Machine Learning by Andrew Ng. Look for something more challenging
I did not care for how this course was implemented. While it teaches the concepts well through a mathematical and notation perspective, it teaches them poorly from a programming stand point. The coding assignments are having you regurgitate code snippets that can be easily graded by an auto-grader and don't allow much exploration on implementation. I know the goal is to just white box everything, but please, some object oriented programming is desperately needed. For example just stuffing all the caches into a giant list makes debugging a nightmare (what is what? which ones came from activation function?). With all the focus on notation, it really breaks down in the code and makes it hard to follow.  I really like the way IBM did this and taught how to do it "wrong" and do it programmatically before actually implementing vectorization to speed things up. I know Andrew Ng wants to show the right way to do things right out of the gate, but I think we should slowly implement vectorization and getting rid of for loops. That way, their purpose is not lost.
On the whole the course of instruction was fantastic but I felt like their were too many formula errors for an age of video editing. Also while I was able to complete the course with a bit of word the course demands a bit more python and math skills than is initially indicated until you are already well within the course. Translating unfamiliar math notation you haven't looked at in years into working code is rough enough, but its even worse when you feel like you struggle to find ways to ask what you are doing wrong when copying code from the projects is considered an integrity violation. Too often it felt like the only person I could really ask for help from was myself, and when I'm paying for classes, I could have gotten better from a book and a couple of youtube videos. Ultimately the course was solid, but it felt less polished than FREE university classes I have taken.
The course is very well explained and prepared for people of almost any knowledge level. It assumes almost no prior knowledge of calculus, linear algebra or Python programming. Thus, much time is spent explaining these topics instead of deep learning itself. Also, the assignments are dumbed down to a level where I am not sure I learnt anything by doing them. They are also very repetitive. Most of the time, the one-liners that must be written are given in comments a few line above, and I could probably have done the assignments without having followed the course. Disappointing.
The lectures were very good and helpful. Especially the vectorisation part, but the major drawback was the assignments, which was more like fill in the blanks it wan not helpful at all. I tried to make my own neural network from scratch and i couldn't do it even though i know all the equations and very strong with the concepts, I couldn't get the backward activation function working properly.The level of abstraction in the assignments is very high and if anyone is looking for more practical application the this is not for them.
The "Machine Learning" Stanford class (with the same professor) gives a much better explanation of neural networks (5 stars).  The only additional (and very useful!) part from this class is the use of different activation functions.  The explanations here are over-simplified to the point that you step through the material without getting a good sense of what is happening.  The programming assignments give you most of the answers, so you get to practice a bit of Python debugging and learn very little about Neural Networks.
In my opinion implementing Neural Networks by yourself using numpy shouldn't be a main topic of the course. Wasted time during lectures explaining vectorization again and again. The best thing is, how the notebooks are prepared. All of the assignments are provided with expected output for each stage, so you can immiedately see if you've made a mistake. I would not recommend this course if you want to learn today's techniques of building neural networks
Course is well structured and the topics covered are interesting and essential if you want to have a sound understanding of neural networks.However, too much focus was put on the math and way too little on the intuitive understanding of the topics. I ended up just watching the videos for the sake of it and then researching on my own for more clear and intuitive explanations on Data Science related websites, Youtube and Medium articles.
The course is well explained and gives you enough insights about how work the internal dynamics of neural networks. However, from the point of view of the implementation exercises, implementing the theoretical concepts is not so interesting as to learn how to use a particular framework and work with it to solve real-life machine learning problem. The course could be improved in that area.
This can be a shorter course.Coming from the Machine learning course (also by Andrew Ng), I found that treatment to be much more beneficial and NN were covered in one week of coursework. An earlier and more in depth introduction to Keras and TF will actually be more beneficial .Overall , Andrew is a great teacher of complex concepts and I am glad to have taken this course.
too much segmentation of code i think the way the concepts introduced is nice but there are several places where we can reduce the number of helper functions because introducing too many functions sometimes makes me wonder what am i even doing and the way the updated weights and bases were handled were very poor i would say
Python assignments are way too easy and can be completed without actually understanding what you are doing. Quizes can be retaken until you get it right. So basically, you can pass the course without watching most of the lectures, if you wanted. So it's not a certificate i'm proud of at all.
An excellent introduction to the theory, but the programming part desires to be better. The course will greatly benefit from a walk-through of the code. Jupyter notebooks need more clarity, and the automatic grader needs improvement. The course is not eligible for Coursera Plus - why?
Too much time on backpropagation/forward propagation. The audio quality and video quality is not good. The class could be more interactive (intermediate questions during the video, writing simple lines of codes etc...)
I am not understand this course i have applied for financial Aid also and i am not completed this course so far.. what can i do???????
the format of dataset should be changed to csv format aur some other and it is very difficult to visulaise the data in .h5 format.
The course is very theoretical and the assignments are mainly written you just need to complete the variables etc.
the understanding was not quite up to the mark.I had a hard time to keep up with what's going on.
Programming assignments are OK - the on screen hand written notes were quite amateuristic.
The assignments will not prepare us to do a whole project in future
I think it have been better if you could include the basic maths
I enjoyed the lectures and a few practice quiz. But I don't think the structure of assignments presented here is the correct way to assess learning. The assignments or exercises should be interspersed between lectures and the problems should be more interactive (pushing the student to think). Moreover, the amount of pre-written code was immense and therefore didn't really make me think a lot on my own. This structure of assignment forces the student to focus on matching the expected output instead of really understanding the concept.  I am pretty sure most students did not really grasp the concepts at an intellectual level but still passed with decent grades. This is exactly the problem with schools today and I hope that Coursera is working towards rectifying that. How do we create a learning platform that forces the student to intellectually interact with the problems? Many students that come here have picked up bad habits from their previous learning careers. They bring those bad habits here and it's up to Coursera to somehow try and make them unlearn those habits. This course instead allowed the students to happily use their bad habits and finish it feeling accomplished.
TL;DR: It's a good course for people who are not familiar with neural nets. Otherwise, it feels kind of repetitive (I completed the course in 4 days)Pros: Learn to implement efficient feedforward neural networks from scratch, by taking advantage of vectorized operations and caches; good understanding of how neural nets work and the reasons of their success; I loved how Dr. Andrew explained why we must initialize the weights to some small random numbers (I already knew neural nets before this course)Cons: I expected to build neural nets in Tensorflow (after learning how to implement them from scratch); It'd have been good to include a gradient check (by computing the numerical gradient) to foolproof the backward pass; sometimes the explanations felt kind of repetitive (e.g. continuously going from one training example to the whole training batch). I would have just sticked to the batch learning after it was introduced
The course is quite slow, but covers the basics of early deep neural networks (NNs). It does seems not to assume any prior knowledge on calculus, which is emphasised extensively, which sometimes leads to more confusion than that it is helpful. Before starting, some knowledge on python, numpy and linear algebra is highly recommended.In the end you will have a basic understanding of what a NN is all about, and you will have built a photo-classifier. The course however, spends a lot of time explaining simpler concepts, while quickly glossing over the deeper stuff. Because of the elaborate explanation of simpler concepts, the big picture often gets lost. Furthermore, it seems like the videos, quizzes, and programming exercises were made by different people. The quizzes cover things not covered in the videos, and the programming assignments cover things not covered in either.
The course exercises were very well thought out and well designed. The instructions were not crystal clear, which led me to errors in  the notebook. In week 4's last assignment, it wasn't made clear that  the function definitions I had written in the preceding assignment should not be cut and pasted into the notebook, but that the grading system would use its own function definitions; this led to my submission leading to grading errors. Took many hours to figure out what was wrong, through the help of one very helpful person (Paul Mielke) on the  forum.Andrew Ng's handwriting is TERRIBLE. He should either practice writing more clearly, or use slides. I would have appreciated having written down lecture notes; having to take notes on the fly was hard as I was sometimes watching the lectures on the train or during dialysis (one arm is disabled).Is it really necessary to use up so much of the screen when showing the videos with the logo of deeplearning.ai? Just a comment on one important shortcoming  of online instruction: As a professor who teaches statistics, it is interesting to see the loss in learning that the student experiences through the absences of individualized feedback. One learns way more when one can talk to the teacher(s), and I guess this high volume  throughput style of teaching limits  what can be taught online.
If you have taken this course after ML by Andrew, you will see exactly the same material covered in 1 week expanded in 4 Weeks except using Python instead of octave or Matlab.If you have calculus background I expect you to get tedious from elementary approaches in the lectures to get rid of  Math and calculus. Programming exercises in this course are very easy and below the level of first excellent experience with ML course.There is no easy way to get lectures slides, No reading sections in this course. Like this course made to make systematic approaches to get things done without actual care about understanding the theories and concepts. The good news comes when you have no previous knowledge about NN and elementary python skills, then this course is an excellent way for you to start.
The content is great and I learned a lot. Certainly there could be a lot more feedback by the instructor in the forum. My feeling is that the students are really left on their own. Good from one point of view (cause you really have no choice than crush your head on the problem for days until you understand or give up), bad from another (it takes a lot longer to clarify difficult points). Fortunately the forum is populated by very clever students that take the time to answer questions. As a beginner I learned the broad strokes and intuitions for NN in this course, but the details about certain formulas are still very obscure and I was hoping for a better explanation of those.
Programming assignments are too easy, mostly copy and paste.
Generally this is a really amazing course. Dr. Ng presented it in a way that it can be understood relatively easily considering the difficulty of content. However, there are a few things that degraged the course that can otherwise  be rated five stars. First, the mathematial derivations are not clear enouth. Many vital steps of derivation in the forward and backward propagation are skipped and only the final expressions are given. It did a lot harm to the completeness and rigorousness of the course. As for me, I can derive the missing steps by myself as I learned calculus and the linear algebra. But it still good to include the derivations for our convenience. It's not necessary to derive them in the lecture, but still we need some materials that document the derivations.  Second, Jupyter notebook is not a good choice for the course. The code for each assignment is not so easy. It's better to write the functions in separate files and write a main function to call them. The description is better written in a PDF file. If it is done this way, it will save me a lot of efforts by getting rid of scrowing the mouse up and down repeatedly to check every function.
Firstly, I did not like that the basic notions of neural networks were constantly repeated in each of the 4 weeks with only minor changes. This may be a convenient reminder for someone watching the course with big pauses, but it is unbearable to listen to almost the same thing over and over if you are watching course at the faster pace.Secondly, I did not like that the programming exercises were comprised of tasks like "implement this formula in Python" and "find out what function to call and what arguments to pass". They did not involve thinking about any mathematics behind NNs or implementing any part of the logic from scratch. For example, I would appreciate tasks about deriving some of the backprop equations for those who are familiar with calculus (because I'd like to be able to derive equations in similar situations myself).Nevertheless, Professor Ng's explanations were very clear (as always), and I am looking forward to the next courses in the specialization (which I expect to be not so simple). Thank you for the course!
The course provides good intuition about neural network application. However, my opinion is that the course is too easy (considering you have taken original Machine Learning course by prof. Ng).Any deeper knowledge besides actual equations (that are given in the course), how to lay out data in matrices and some intuitions is not discussed, I would even say that it is discouraged (prof. Ng often comments on such topics that if you don't understand either calculus, derivations or backpropagation you should not worry, many practitioners don't either).Also programming assignments provide good intro to the python if you don't have any experience with it. They are well thought out and provide good way to get some intuitions about neural networks, but are too easy and assignment comments basically provide 90% of the solution.Quiz questions are also not very challenging. It is easy to answer most of the questions right after watching lesson videos.
Interesting and does a good job at demystifying deep learning.However, the course is repetitive. 4 weeks could have been squashed down to 2 easily. After you've done the calculations for one layer, 2 layers is pretty much the same, no need to devote a whole week on it. Same with more than 2 layers - it's exactly the same calculations as for 2 layers, so there goes another week.The assignments were also too easy and don't really force you to think.The coding assignments were too much fill-the-blanks. With all the comments and explanations, you don't really need to understand the concepts to complete them. Some of them even gave you the exact code to copy-paste in the text directly above the code cell.Overall, this is something you go through in a weekend, skipping over the repetitive calculation videos.
The vectorization across exemplars increases memory requirements by many folds, as does the caching.  This is unnecessary, and the apparent speed benefits are only an artifact of the use of Python/Numpy.  Letting Numpy do the loop instead of Python is just faster because Numpy is compiled machine code -- there is still a loop.  A truly vectorized implementation would involve using SSE SIMD CPU capabilities, so we really should not be calling this "vectorized".Backprop is a very simple computation, but it felt overcomplicated by the breaking up into so many little pieces.  If, instead, the implementation were left as an explicit, naked (no external function calls) loop over the exemplars, the actual mechanics of the backprop algorithm would have been easier to see and grasp.
the homework exercises were too easy to complete and didn't require actually learning the material. the hardest part of the homework for me was understanding the datatypes and structure of the `caches` (which wasn't covered in the course because it's relatively arbitrary). I'm not sure exactly what to propose as an improvement to the hw assignments that would allow them to still be easily gradable by the system. Final issue was the increasing notes on corrected notations before each video. Seeing that there will be mistakes means I just don't take notes during the video. I'm not keen to watch the min:sec on the video to try and find the error. You really should just render some text on the screen during the video to note the correction.
Excellent course, but largely redundant with (and far easier than) Prof. Ng's machine learning course.  If you have taken that course, you can skip the lectures up to week 4 of this one.In addition, the jupyter/iPython system is a disaster of lost work and bad UI; unlike the machine learning course which let you work on your own machine with your own editor and version control system, this course locks you into a second-rate webby editor and prevents you from using tools like git, pylint, etc.Plus if you leave a jupyter tab idle for too long, when you come back to it it will be in a broken state where any work you do will inevitably be lost.The earlier machine learning course had far superior infrastructure in this regard.
The course provides a poor mathematical background for a real understanding of the subject.  Experience has shown me that a deeper understanding of technical concepts does more to keep one out of the application doghouse than this course might provide.  The terminology used here for neural networks is also different from the notation you used in your Machine Learning course.  Suggest you do a better job of consistent notation.  Suggest you also do a better job of quality controlling your videos: if you made a mistake, redo the video rather than either following it preceding it with a Power Point slide. 
I question whether this course series is sufficient to land one a machine learning job upon completion.
Not too bad, but a bit useless: I suggest taking the other course on machine learning that professor Ng already published on Coursera (from Stanford University), where the same arguments are treated in more detail together with many more topics like PCA and SVM. And, honestly, he could assume that learners know derivatives... You will find yourself skipping many more videos than you would like.Besides this, the course is very short but, as usual, well explained. Prof. Ng gives many insights on how and why things work, providing the point of view of a very knowledgeable person in the subject instead of the dry maths. In this sense, the interviews with the heroes of deep learning are an invaluable asset.
Good course but I think some easy improvments could make it better. In comparaison the Machine learning course what more complete and consistentIt is not possible to get the power point for each videos. Sometimes it is a pdf, sometime a pptx, sometimes there is non it lack consistency. In course material some simple documents to summarize the equations and principle would be welcomeThe exercices are too easy to implement, I know that the purpose is to make it accessible but it lacks the challenge that will fix it into your brain. The way that they are done divide to much the knowledge iit impare the possibility to ssee the whole picture. Python notebook is good to test but to learn I prefer Octave
Solid theory and practice assignments. Really ramps up in Week 4. However, Jupyter notebooks are buggy. Sometimes, the auto-grader will award 0 for an assignment section without being able to provide a directional reason. This could be in spite of having achieved success on the test cases. In such a scenario, faced quite frequently by other Coursera students (as observed from the discussion forums),  I expect Coursera to work with me to help advance my grasp of the problem and solution. This is especially true in the case of the high complexity of NN problems; I would definitely appreciate a few lectures and assignments exclusively on how to construct test cases for deep learning.
I shouldn't be too harsh because I learnt a lot on this course. The programming assignments in particular are great. But the structure of the course is really perverse. You watch several hours of videos and then complete a test and a programming assignment; to me it's a very old style of education that seems bizarre on an online learning platform - it's almost as if they forgot that the students are all sitting alone at desks rather than in a lecture theatre. Other courses on Coursera tend to have a video or two, maybe 15-20 minutes worth, followed by some short interactive activity to complete; that is a much better way of ensuring engagement in the material.
This course is the foundation, I think more time should be spent on the backdrop algorithm and how ti works. I didn't understand it from Andrew's explanations and I didn't quick like his approach of 'don't worry about it' because it means I have to memorize formulas without understanding how they work. I was able to derive and understand the single layer derivatives easy but got lost with the deep NN ones,. My suggestion is spent more time there. There is also not a clear explanation when and why we use dot product vs element multiplication, this could explained better i.e. cost function is multiplication but why? Overall it's a good course.
The only challenging part for me in this course was Python because I don't have a proper background in it. Andrew Ng teaches the theoretical part really well but feels slow at times. I think there was ample time to either go through backward propagation derivations or at least give some insight about it rather than teaching the basics of derivation since this is an intermediate level course. Notebook assignments are very non-intuitive, more like fill in the blanks. Just a bit disappointed because I'd heard a lot about Andrew Ng and thought his Coursera course will be good, however his Stanford course on ML is better.
I appreciate this course, especially the computation graphs lecture, which really helped my overall grasp of back-propagation.I docked 2 stars, however, for excessive and tedious handwritten expansions of algorithm equations. This just obfuscates the relatively small number of general equations governing the whole class. I would forgive this if concise reference notes similar to those in the Machine Learning class were provide, but there is none!. The result is a bit of a "needle in the haystack" situation, combing thru videos trying to re-reference the small handful important mathematical details of the class.
good presentations, but I personally would have liked to see a bit more mathematics.  However, this is not the reason for the 3 star rating. What irritated me the most were the programming assignments. 3/4 of it was just copy pasting formulae from the prefilled comments to the graded development tasks.I can understand that the idea is not confront python beginners with an overwhelming programming framework, and probably also that it is much easier to construct automated tests for the submissions, but in the end for me it does not feel like 'Hey I have created my own NN within this course'.
sometimes it was a bit too repetitive and verbose in explaining stuff. it also misses theory. I mean, the way differentiation was explained was ok in terms of intuition given but still doesn't prepare you to deal with real world situations were the functions to be differentiated could be different. introducing a table of common derivatives and differentiation rules would have been much better. the course is complete for some aspects but very incomplete for others. I will update my 3 star review if the rest of the DL specialization will actually make up for the things that are missing here.
Overall, it's a good course, but it's got some issues. Sometimes, they overdo the reliance of previously written code. Sometimes they over prepare the parameters for you stopping you from properly learning how to reliably prepare those parameters your self. And, there's the audio issues. There's a random high-pitched electric-buzzing sound that's painful to listen to, and they haven't bothered to do anything to fix that after more than two years. Apparently, this buzzing sound is an issue that has be repeatedly brought up for the last 2 years, and they haven't done anything to fix it.
In my opinion there is too much repetition. Instead of introducing the Backpropagation for shallow and deep networks it would be sufficient to show it only for deep networks as the other one is just a special case. This make its sometimes a bit a boring since once you have understood the underlying idea its basically the same. The exercises could be a bit more challenging. Most of the time it is just copy and paste. Have you considered to realize the algorithm in an object oriented manner? Sometimes the code seems a bit messy. This could be handled by introducing appropriate classes.
This is an excellent introductory course filled with examples and useful ideas. Dr. Ng does wave his hand at the mathematics sometimes, which can be frustrating if you are interested in seeing the full rigorous power of Neural Networks and how they work (spoiler: it's not magic). Despite this little hiccup, Dr. Ng otherwise provides very useful and practical real world advice throughout the course, even citing some of the more recent research and trends. Overall, it's a very enjoyable course and well worth your time if you are interested in Neural Networks.
The course material and the videos are really good, but the grading system is really bad and lacking feedback. I spent more time trying to understand why the system doesn't like some of my answer than doing the actual exercices. Sometimes, there's more than one version for the notebooks, and the default one isn't the right one. The last two asignment of week 4 of this module are particularly bad. Feels like it was rushed without having been tested.This is a real shame as the course is overall quite interesting and the videos are very well presented.
The programming assignments are too easy with way too many helping instructions It is more or less copy-paste with tiny amount of thinking.  I even dare to say that one could pass this course's programming assignments without the videos. This way,  if I had to reproduce all the code I wrote in the notebooks, I would fail to do so. On the other hand, the theoretical part explains how to compute everything needed but without external material I could not grasp the "why": the point of doing all the computations. This might be on me , though.
I did not like the presumption that someone taking Coursera classes can't understand Calculus. Every assignment in the course tip-toes around the calculus, and the algebraic formulas are provided. Understanding that portion of backpropagation is perhaps the most critical part. The homeworks were far too easy. I felt like I was copying and pasting the whole way through. I also think this class was lacking the linear algebra review. If I had not taken the original machine learning class on Coursera I would have struggled a lot more.
Basics are covered, but an unnecessarily great part of the course revolves around implementation details on one particular language and environment, to the extent that "equations" presented or derived consist of numpy function calls, and I would have expected more insights into why NN's are working well and on which kinds of problems etc., something hinted to on the first and last lectures, and less Python-specific tips presented as generic principles ("in deep learning avoid for-loops": try that on Java or C++).
Although this course is very insightful to neural network and deep learning but the ways how the course is taught is a little hard to comprehend especially for someone with no experience in AI/Neural Network.   Chapter 2 and beyond have many formulas, equations and algorithm,  it would be very helpful during the course to provide questions and shows examples of how to use a certain equation to compute the output.   This way the course might be longer but the experience of the student will be better.
Every concept is well explained.But in assignments 60% of the code is already provided and all hints are given because of which one will not get proficient in coding skills and logic development. One will face a lot of problems when doing all the code by himself in his own python environment.Matplotlib and other libraries used in the code are not properly explained. I think some explanatory videos for the libraries used in the code is needed. Otherwise all other concept are properly explained.
Andrew did a good job digging into how DL works in general, but it just went through things too slowly. For example, once you grasped the idea of a shallow neural network, I don't see a point by repeating these materials again for a whole week in a "deep network". It might be a good idea to give a high level overview of deep neutral network and leave the math and the implementation as one of the programming assignment. And yes, the programming assignments in this course is way too easy.
The course provides a nice hands-on experience with simple deep networks and gives some basic fundamental understanding of this area. However: the audio quality is poor, this is especially important because of Andrew's voice timbre  the programing level (from the architectural point of view) is average to say the least (which is especially bad for people without the programming experience - they learn to write bad code right from the start)video/audio editing is very sloppy in general.
Wonderful course by Dr. Andrew Ng but it would be way better if the course offered EXECUTION EXERCISES following Google AI courses (see below)https://developers.google.com/machine-learning/crash-course/introduction-to-neural-networks/playground-exercises) INSTEAD OF PROGRAMMING EXERCISES since many of us want to learn the course material and EXECUTE COMMERCIAL (or SEMI COMMERCIAL CUSTOMIZED) CODES and NOT INTERESTED in PROGRAMMING/CODING! Thanks,Rahul Guptarahulgupta2020@gmail.com
The videos are very informative and well structured, quizzes are matching the content well, however the exercises can be successfully completed mechanically, and they are just simply teaching people about numpy and not even about python.  I understand that programmatic grading is difficult, but for the last one, we simply should have implemented a framework from scratch that can take the hyperparameters, and return a classifier (according to a specific interface).
I was familiar with neural networks before participating in this class. The lectures provided such an interesting tone that I was eager to watch them all. I think anyone can learn deep learning from this class. However, I am a bit disappointed with the materials. I think the catalog of the course is a bit confusing. It did not teach me tensor flow. I hardly believe I need to do this kind of programming for deep learning.  Anyways, a fun class.
Gentle introduction that covers the basics of neural networks well. Some of the material felt a bit repetitive, but at the same time hammering in the foundations through repetition means learning it well.The pace of the course can feel rather slow depending on how much time you are willing to spend, but as I had to skip a week halfway through, it was nice feeling that I just could put in a few extra hours the week after to catch up.
Lots of material is covered, and the style is thorough and usually clear. The big downside for me was the lack of examples as the material progressed. Most of the course seemed to be going straight to in depth general cases of equations (ie with n variables), without any examples. This made for very complex notation covering dozens of variables in vector/matrix form but it was easy to lose track of what was really being said.
Material covered was good, but programming assignments are too easy & work like fill in the blanks. Only if the student is asked to write whole code on his own, then can one learn. They can be given a outline of how to structure the code & some important functions. Actually I feel I could have written down the code in same time I completed this assignment, as it is not my code I always forget the structure in my head.
I learned about neural networks but the course seemed very simplistic.  There was too much repetition for me; and too much discussion of calculus that I didn't care for.  I feel the material could have been covered in about an hour and I would have gotten the same understanding.  But maybe that is just me; and I know in general more discussion and a deeper understanding of the material helps in the long run.
This course if for people with not analytic background (don't know d/dx(log(x))=1/x etc).One the other hand the programming assignments have really bad programming practices.The course skips the derivation of backward propogation which is a key tool to understand how NN works.I understand and respect the will to address a wide audience but I think this should not be on the cost of completance and high level.
A sort of messy class compared to Andrew's previous Machine Learning course, which does a blitz to the topics presented there. I felt that even though this is the begining of the specialization and is thus a sort of reivew section, I still felt that if I had not taken the Machine Learning course, this would have been quite difficult and only impart an incomplete understanding of neural networks.
Shying away from math might be good for practitioners that just want to copy paste, but I suggest having people go through the actual derivations. Derivation chain rule, for example, is hardly explained and is critical for really understanding what's going on computational graphs.Second, programming exercises are too simple, and most of them are about copy-paste and not about real understanding.
This course is great, but falls short on a simple, but very important point: There is no easy way to revise the material. Some videos have lecture notes as a pdf, some of them have slides as ppt files, some both, but to get them you, have to download them one by one for each video, rename and convert the files and so on. This takes hours which is unacceptable for a paid course in my opinion.
Solid at providing an elementary understanding of neural networks and deep learning. I appreciated the inclusion of interviews with industry leaders and notable researchers. However, the course does move very slowly, and the videos get repetitive. In addition, much of the programming projects are simply copy-paste and don't leave much to the student in terms of synthesis of course concepts.
Good course that gives basic understanding of deep neural networks even if you have a very different background (mine is biology). The order of the material could be improved. I found that week 3 and 4 give a log of insights that are useful for the assignment in week 2. The programming exercises give all the tools needed, but could give some more freedom in the way they require you to code.
I do feel I gained some from seeing the coding exercises and the way you structured the code. However, when actually implementing them, I often felt that I was merely solving an arbitrary puzzle, not understanding more deeply the concepts. I'm not sure how you might solve this, as less structured code would obviously be very hard to auto-grade, but it was certainly a drawback of the course.
I struggled to connect the theory with the practice, especially the coding, which took, along with Covid19, 6 months to complete the course. I recommend the following. (1) There should be a proper textbook for the course, which will fill a student in, where they miss something. (2) A list of study materials or other courses should be provided to go through before jumping into this course.
It is a good course. However the programming assignment are a bit too easy to complete. There is too much code already pre written. Also, the discussion forums are full of copied / pasted code. I don't think it is normal to have forums where you can find solutions to the assignments.Lastly, it is quite redundant with most of the content of the 'Machine Learning' course.
While the videos were useful and had a lot of interesting topics, I felt the programming exercises were very easy. Most of the exercises involved copying stuff from 1 area to another. My low rating is solely because of that. I feel the programming exercises can be made more challenging. Or optional exercises can be provided which are ungraded yet more challenging.
It's good, but not up the level that I expected. Many detailed information like some functions are built in, and you dont know what is inside the blackbox. I would like to implement all of those, like in the ML course also offered by Dr. Ng.At the end, you have the feeling that you can pass the exams too easy, without a deep knowledge about how the Deep NN works.
Nice introduction but the content is overlapping with Machine Learning (by Andrew Ng). Programming assignments are too easy - structured functions are nice but they don't teach how to implement NN - they just teach how to follow the template. For me there should be template for init (fixed seed). Functions for updating parameters should be completely empty.
I just have finished this course since 30 minutes ago, The videos are fine also knowledges of the course itself are exetremely good. but it has downside as well. first the format of matiral i would prefer PDF and a textbook to walkthrough the course than a few summary reading. additionaly, assignments are not hard enough and though it seems duplication
Python platform is not user friendly for coding, its not that easy to comprehend, I understand that vectorisation can be easily done in Python but I would have highly appreciated had it been taken in Matlab or Octave. That being said Prof. Andrew Ng has done a wonderful job explaining the key concepts, the course was good and easy to understand.
I felt that the content of the course was too easy. Even though i have no prior experience in deep learning i was able to complete the syllabus for each week in one day. While i totally loved the course and enjoyed the process of learning from it, I wish it involved more rigor and supplementary material for making matrix derivatives clear.
The course content is interesting (especially the guest videos). However, the programming assignments are so simple that they boil down to just translating the formulas into Python code, or to copying and pasting function calls and replacing the arguments. I really didn't like the detail-oriented nature of the assignments and quizzes.
This course is good for those who seek a "from the ground up" approach to feedforward neural networks.Personally, I find the approach used here slow-paced. I think it would be more productive to (i) include more and diverse exercises (e.g., regression problems), and (ii) make use of available deep learning libraries (e.g., Keras).
Back-propagation equations are the most difficult concept. But the derivation of the equations is glossed over to accommodate students who are not familiar with calculus. This is too limiting. The algorithms are calculus driven. The course would have much greater potential if basic differential calculus skills were a prerequisite.
The code assignments are quire "spoon-feeding" and do not require much thought. Most of it can be solved by reading the previous paragraph or guessing from the signatures (e.g "I'm required to assign to cache, which of the previous methods return a variable named cache?") without real understanding.Lectures themselves are nice.
I did this course after doing the ML course by the same Prof. I found that course to be more detailed. Though in this course, the steps to implement a vector based solution is clearly detailed. Also, I found that regularization has not been covered .. Guess it will be covered in further courses in this Deep Learning track
The videos and theoretical materials are really great. However, the exercises are way too easy. You only implement specific equations of the full Neural Networks. In order to learn how to implement a Neural Network, you would need to implement more by yourself, instead of having the instructors doing all the work for you.
Lectures can explain more about the coding apart from the math concepts.I always need to figure out what is going on on the forum while I am doing the assignment Enhancing the flexibility of the assignments would be a wise move as juypter notebook has so much restrictions, I prefer doing the assignments on my own ide.
Thank you for the opportunity and skills you've given meMy only comment about this course is that it just gave new labels for parameters, rather than more math knowledge or topics, and it's more similar to the NN week in 'Machine Learning' course, so basically not too much of new information were added.
Very theoretical course on deep learning with no state-of-the-art application for basic use.I hoped to use a bit more the existing libraries in extension to the theoretical backround. Although the course was very informative and helpful to understand what happens "inside" the ML and DL libraries.
I find that the teaching will be more systematic and comprehensive, if the course pre-requisite includes basic calculus. But the trade-off here is the accessibility.The programming exercises are a bit too simple. In most cases, one can simply copy the hints in the comments to get the right answer
It's a very nice course. Though it would be great to have another version of this chapter, more dense, fore people who already have a good background in math and computer science.I felt the course was coming too much back to the basics in some cases (like when it explains how to do derivatives).
The course was too guided in the programming assignments. Almost all the programming assignments could be resolved just by copying and pasting from the explanations.An other thing, is that I prefer to have all the code and data running in my machine, something to have after ending the course.
The week 4 exercise was very confusing, and I did not learn much because I was too focused on bringing the answer somehow. It could have been better if we did not have too many so called helper functions and more open ended functions like we used to have in the machine learning course.
The materials are almost the same as the old lectures given in 'introduction to machine learning' course. All explanations are way too lengthy and all materials can be shorten to two lectures instead of four: one lecture for shallow neural network and the other for deep neural network.
Definitely not as good as his Machine Learning course. There are hardly any notes , and sometimes forum questions will go unanswered indefinitely. There are many forum questions that go unanswered. The other class was free, but there was more work put into it and better support.
Too few mathematical details about everything.  Would be nice to have more optional materials with demonstrated theorem-proofs (backpropagation with matrices/vectors for starters, since it is clear how it works, but not clear how to derive for any cost function in vector form).
Programming exercises are too easy. Code structure and functions are given, you only need to fill in the gaps. Sometimes they even give you the code to use in the instructions and you only have to paste it. I would have learned more if I had had to do more coding from scratch.
Why were there no coding assignments from scratch---creating fuction, and every other nitty gritty. The current structure of the assignments gives you a feeling of overall how things work, but it does not give you the confidence that you can work on a new problem by yourself.
Andrew goes into a decent amount of depth into the theory, but I was let down by the assignments. There is too much hand-holding in order to allow you to think about the problems properly. It made me feel like I could pass the assignments without even watching the lectures
Though I feel the teacher is amazingly skilled at explaining the concepts of neural networks, I didn't like how he never showed you how to code anything in python, and the sloppy handwriting made it difficult to understand exactly how the code was intended to written.
The course is really good but I would have preferred to code it from scratch with some guidance. It just builds that intuitive sense when you code it yourself. Details regarding back-propagation were  vague !! would have preferred to have an optional derivation !!
the material is great and also the instructor is very kind and patient but i have an issue that i feel i didn't understand 100% specially when building the whole model i feel like im lost and i can't build anything from scratch and i can't write the code by myself
This course is best learning to practically implement deep learning. But it uses lot of mathematics and python skills which must be added as pre-requisite to this course. One with not in touch with these skills will find it hard to catch on practical assignments.
A lot of this material is very similar to the neural networks section in Andrew's machine learning course. Therefore it was a little more basic than I was hoping, still a very good introduction. Hoping the next courses in the specialization offer a little more.
The classes are a bit repetitive, but very clear. The format of the graded assigments is great, because allows you to program a full application of NN focusing on the most relevant parts, however, we don't gain enough python skills to reproduce it on our own
The course provides a good overview of neural networks through the videos and quizzes. However, the programming assignments are so simple that you can complete them without watching the videos. I was hoping for something more challenging and with more depth.
Good - the exercises are deceptively simple (I have to admire the work the team put in for those exercises) and easy to follow. Would love to see more information on how to handle real work data (missing data, NaN etc.) like what you usually see in Kaggle.
Remembering the fixes to the content before watching it was pretty tough. A toast message would have made it easier. Actual content was good! More explicitly recommended resources for explanation of things like calculus backpropogation would be nice.
The course is addressed to non-programmers who even don't like math. Tasks are like putting blocks into so shaped holes. The course doesn't bring deep understanding of AI and I doubt I am an expert at AI after that. But I have a certificate.
An overall decent course, but having already done the machine learning course by Andrew Ng, most of the content in this course was just a repetition for me. The programming assignments were over-simplified with way too much pre-filled code.
A great course. However, assignments are really easy to complete. Whatever is to be implemented is mostly there in the Jupyter notebook. I think they can be made a bit more challenging by hiding the formulae which have to be implemented.
There should be a easy way to download the complete files and work offline it took me hours to try and i failed.  Most of the assignments are heavily supported by dependencies and pre-built functions that make it difficult to work offlin
Very well organized class.  On the flip side it is more of a numpy programming class than anything else.  The ideas presented are pretty simple mathematically and there is too much handholding.  It's a bit like writing code from a spec.
the course was good, it gives you the understanding of how everything  works under the neural network category.Andrew explains mathematical side also,but for a beginner in ai its too much and the programming side is not explained well.
The course is a bit too simplified - almost no mathematics in lectures, only common words. And very-very boring programming assignments - following detailed instructions for every step. Hope the second course will be more challenging.
I have already completed the machine learning course from Andre Ng. So this first part of the series was more like a reviewing course for me. Have not leant many new things. Nevertheless should be a great course for newcomer to take.
It feels like creators of this course haven't decided how much behind-the-scenes math you should know. To improve the course, I would suggest adding more math explanations, or cutting existing math out. Right now it's really fuzzy.
Great content, teaching and useful ourse work. Some of the concepts require a lot of thought proving hours to be able completely to soak them in, these could have been made much simpler so that it's easily digestible for the most!
The information gleaned from the course was good, but the logistics of completing the assignment and getting it graded, ended up being insurmountable.  This is such an interesting course, but it really needs to be executed well
Course was pretty interesting. The homework themselves have errors in - complete the homework, shows error, submitted anyway and comes up 100%, so I think some helper functions etc need checking (we don't have access to these)
The content is interesting and the lectures are decent, but the programming assignments felt too much like your hand is being held, and the majority of the code is being written for you. They were tedious and not challenging.
The explanations were very clear in the beginning, up to the point that they became redundant towards the end. As a whole, I liked the exercises (e.g. with cats and non-cats) but expected a bit more challenge in this course.
It's a good introductory course. I learned some new concepts and became familiar with NN and deep learning. It can be better in some aspects such as assignments, and level of depth in the video (especially mathematically)
It's really interesting to know how neural networks really works. I was hopping for a more intuitive approach but if you're looking to understand all the mathematics behind the scenes this might me the course for you :)
material is a bit too easy for my taste, but I can accept it.However, worse are the exercises: their "fill the gaps" style, where you have to write 1-2 lines of code does not force one to think much while writing code.
i think we should have used some popular open source libraries that implement NN directly like keras instead of modeling it yourself so much. It does build up intuition but i want to get to the exiting stuff faster.
I wish this course didn't handhold your programming so much. I wish you had to put more thought into building extensible code and building out your functions. Great conceptual introduction to deep learning, however.
The course is a good introduction though I found the environment of Jupyter notebooks to be a little frustrating at times and wanted a more rigorous maths explanation, that's probably because I am a maths student!
It was nice experience, but it would been better if the content had some deeper knowledge about designing  of neural network,It would be helpful if you teach, how one can design their own neural architecture
IMO, I believe this course emphasizes too much NN computation (which can be a bit repetitive) and I still don't have a good intuition on why NN are working so well (compared to more basic ML algorithms).
I had the old Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course. I appreciated that Python substituted Matlab/Octave, but I am not sure that implementing forward and backward propagation from scratch might be useful.
I still have no idea how to design a neural network to do something.  All this course seems to cover is the math behind the concept.  Actually starting from step 1 is no covered as far as I could tell.
In the starting of the course every thing is explained in deep but in week 3 and 4 Sir directly gave formulas of derivatives used in back propagation . That's why is that part is not very much clear .
It seems a bit repetitive. Also there was couple of mishaps in videos, which majority were addressed with voiceover or overlay text, but one would expect just a retaken video as they are pretty short.
The Lectures are great content and Andrew Ng's explanations are great. The coding exercise by design are limiting, no way to come up with custom logic. That is a limitation of the MOOC model I guess.
The course content is really great, but I think in the programming exercises too much is given up front. Therefore I could copy-paste quite some solutions from the hints in the exercise description.
Good understanding on how NN work on the mathematical point of view, but too much of pre-written code. You don't even have to think by yourself, everything is written above. Just copy-paste would do
the video lectures are nicely done, unfortunately the programming assignments are laughably trivial, the solutions are given away in the description, there is no room or need whatsoever for thinking
The programming assignments although good, should also provide an understanding of the predefined functions used extensively throughout the assignments. For this reason, I rate the course a 3/5.
Good ,simple and I love andraw ngbut there is no challenge at all in the assignments provides nothingand focuses too much on a useless matrix dimensions stuffwhich is subject to implementation
I think it is a great introduction to Neural Network but I think the practical assigments are too easy and guided. Same material but with with less help/guidance would be much more learnable.
I'm not a fan of all the hand-holding in the programming. You don't remember/learn nearly as much then. Also, the week 4 had a lot of material repeating week 3.I like all the practical tips.
The course content is great, Andrew as always is very good at teaching). The exercices in the notebooks are a bit disappointing: for some of them, they are really cumbersome and repetitive.
It's a bit paint-by-numbers, but a good way to get your feet wet. Learning to keep track of dimensions will save you a lot of implementation bugs. I was familiar with the topic before.
I think that there is an excess of attention to the matrix dimensions matching, and a deficit of theoretical content (more mathematics! and I'm not talking about basic linear algebra).
This did not seem like a full course. It is a good introduction to the depths of neural networks but the whole specialization is really needed to actually put something on a resume.
More explanation/documentation on hidden functions used in coding assignments will give students a better understanding on creating their own functions from scratch in the future.
everything you need to do is given in form of the hint. That was a nice course in terms of the explanations, but too easy in terms of applying it in a programming assignments.
While this course is a nice introduction to NNs, it is VERY slow for anyone with any level of experience. It makes me sad when someone tells me I don't need to know calculus.
It is a good course to get a practical view of neural networks and to realize that implement a deep neural network is not that difficult. I'm curious about the next course.
A good course on itself but nothing really new to the introduction course. Unfortunately the environment for programing the assignments is very slow and malfunctioning.
I think the course is directed towards beginners with limited understanding of math. I already know the basics of deep learning and I did not get much from the course.
Solid content, but badly in need of course readings to pair with the videos. Assignments could be improved by expanding beyond regurgitation of equations into Python.
The notebooks are too rigid. They need to be completed in exact same format. This promotes rote memorisation which is something that should be avoided in my opinion.
Concepts are too easy for a student that has already been exposed to the material even a little. It can be improved with some optional deep insights about the topic.
Course content was adequate, but i somehow i felt that amount of coding is bit less. it could have been one of the best course if involved some more amount of code.
There are a lot of overlapping with the Machine Learning course, but so recommend those who has learned Machine Learning before to quickly fast forward this course.
By completing this course we get the basic idea of how to solve a problem but it does not provide us with sufficient knowledge to implement the code from scratch.
I think the course is good and interesting, but it doesn´t add much more information than the "Machine Learning" course adds when Neural Networks are explained.
I think the course provides a good but very basic introduction. I expected that the course will go deeper, and programming assignments to be more difficult.
Really well made content and exercises, but maybe the equations could have been better explained. More focused on practical use than mathematical accuracy
I rated this course as OK (3) as in the end the exercised were mere a 'fill in the dots'.I loved to learn the gradient decent and learning numpy quirks.
Need to be watched at 1.5x, pretty slow, quite a few mistakes in text/subtitles/indices, and really starting from super basic high school math (boring).
Honestly, I was expecting a bit more challenging exercises. Nevertheless, the concepts are clear and derivations are interesting to do on your own.
the programming assignments were a bit too easy for my taste as most of the time the solution was already (almost) written in the instruction text.
The assignments were particularly painful due to bugs in the notebook. It took too long to debug and fix them! At times, I couldn't even do that!
Approach a little too simplistic for a complex subject, wich makes the learning not stick. Still, a very well organized structure for the course.
the code which you have asked us to implement was perfectly understood by me but the code which i was already written that was not clear to me.
Good overview, but too much hand holding in terms of programming assignments.  The assignment scaffolds more or less are the completed answers.
Pros- Great material by Andrew and teamCons-Programming excercises are a bit too easy and multiclass classification problem should be included
Course could include more student coding. It seemed at times that the majority of the code was given to the students in the comment blocks.
the mathematics background was good, but the programming part was confusing. I think focusing on the more mathematics background is better
it is a good course, but they leave little to the student and basically just tell you where and what to write. Still learned a lot though.
It was not easy to remember all these mathematical formulas; I wish there was a briefing note after each video or after each new concept.
The grading of computer assignments needs more work. It was difficult to judge how I was doing in some parts of the W4 assignments.
Sometimes the same thing is described again and again. This course could be shorter and save much of our time. Overall It was good
This whole course was  explained in one week of the ML course by Andrew Ng, maybe  that week was more comprehensive than this one!
Unfortunately, the course is rather hand-wavy... Without prior knowledge in statistics a lot of the concepts are not really clear.
Too easy in assignments! more struggling assignments improve the course, rather than just substitution the attributes in functions
Usefull to start by the basic of neural network, but exercice and exercice test more vectorisation knowledge than neural networks.
the content was good although the coding part was very confusing, something I have written correct code still it fails to submit.
Entirely skippable if you've already done the Machine Learning course. Some updated concepts which is nice but none of its depth.
I definitely learned a lot about neural networks. However, the course moved very slowly for my taste, and was quite repetitive.
Tutorials are best for theoretical knowledge, not for coding knowledge. So course can be developed for coding knowledge also.
Too much repetitive stuff almost like dragging a 1 week course for 4 weeks but teacher is too good i will still give 3 rating
the course is too perfect but notebook take too much time to load . Sometime takes hour after hour but don't load properly
Good lectures for sure, but it's relative simple and I didn't learn too much from homework either. Suitable for beginners.
Fairly good intro but the assignments weren't challenging, just plug and play.Would like more applied knowledge mixed in.
have been stuck in 3rd week assignment due to some system error please look into the matter nd the content is awesome.
A little more focus on python programming would give a better finish to the course, otherwise its perfectly curated.
I was expecting a more rigorous flow. More of the math. The coding assignments were spoon-fed every step of the way.
Please explain the topics completely because the assignment are difficult we used should extra work to complete it.
For one assignment I had to spend more time figuring why grader does not work, than solving the assignment itself.
Much more simplistic than I was hoping for, but I'm looking forward to the next courses in this specialization.
The programming assignments can be better. It seems as if we are being spoon fed. But overall course was good.
Less time showing the same linear algebra identities and use that time saved for derivations or added content
I wish to be guided to implement all mathematical ideas behind Neural Nets and not to stick to some template.
I felt the explanations kinda fast and poor and also the exercises too easy, I mean, the answers were there.
Didn't learn any frameworks for NNs, means there's limited practical knowledge I can take from this course.
To fully understand the couse I probably need 3 months of classes and examples.  The course is too short.
The course gives a good basics for NN, but it is a little bit shallow.Its not a university level course.
Good Resources and notebooks. However, I would suggest to make the quiz and exams a bit more difficult.
The course has good theoretical explanations but the assignments are far too easy and spoon-fed to you.
Code is wrong. Please review and modify errors. Also grader not working in the last week as it should.
some topics I still not clearly understood, but I got a concept of neural networks and deep learning
A fine introduction, assignments were a little too guided for my liking, but on the whole worthwhile
After even solving the assignments by self, it still seems complex to apply the same from scratch.
Too much boilerplate for functions we needed to implement other than that , its an awesome course
Code design for exercises (e.g. managing "caches" during propagation passes) could be improved.
Some times comments in the code and text outside  the code are not consistent in week4 L model.
Good if it's your first time in ML. If you did Machine learning from ng, this one can be skip
assignments are to shallow and dont push you to have an in-depth understanding of the theory
Might be more helpful if students are encouraged to do programming assignments from scratch
Somewhat easy and repetitive course once you have done Machine Learning by Andrew NG Sir
The theory of the course is great but it does not specify the coding skills required.
Too easy, specially the assignments. Its almost like the answers were already there!
Quality of grader is really bad. Apart from that, this course is very resourceful.
I am not able to get back the programming exercise that I did part of this course.
Good lectures, but the programming assignments tend to spoonfeed you the answers.
The course content is good. It covers all stuff one needs to know in this field.
A lot of repitition from Andrew's previous ML course. Assignments are too easy.
Until now ind of superficial view. However, nice introduction, easy to follow.
It's too easy for anyone who is more than just a beginner to Machine Learning.
last two assignment needed more commenting and more explanation. Good over all
retread of machine learning course. got to implement in python which was nice.
We need more explanation on the math part to be able to understand it better.
The course is quite good.The things need to be more elaborate for beginners.
It suggest it should provide some more information and more complex tasks.
Videos are good exercises are basically plug and play which did not liked
wish there was a version suitable for people with mathematical background
It is quite basic. The programming assignments feels like spoon-feeding.
give practical example problems also in videos for better understanding
Great if you are a total newbie. Assignments could be slightly harder.
There should be more emphasis on the intuitive aspect of the material.
A bit slow, really hammers down the same concepts over and over again.
Programming tasks do not allow for any deviation/are too constrained.
Should be more detailed and one week should be dedicate to backdrop
this course is useful but we need to  coding as understand concept
It was a very good course. some of assignments graded incorrectly.
Nice introduction. Too much hand holding in programming exercises
It is a little too simple to divide the material into 4 weeks.
Real nice explanations!  However, the exercices are too easy..
I lot of "if you know calculus" and not enough programming.
Too easy, I do the notebooks without making any effort
Programming assignments could be more challenging.
Great content pampering programming assignments.
Content is great, but the exercise is too simple
there are many confusion in parameter selection
Material for 2 weeks is stretched to 4 weeks.
The programming Assignment get repetitive
Good content, but a little repetitive.
The transcript in all videos was awful
Programming assignments are too easy.
Notebook would often not save my work
No lecture notes or slides provided.
The exercises are a bit repetitive.
coding explanations was too weak.
Good course for clearing basics.
Content was very less to learn.
Some duplicates with ML course.
Could have been more intensive
Wanted a more advanced course.
No course materials available
Course is good, but too easy.
Too simple, sometimes naive
more things can be taught
Swims near to surface..
Exercises were too easy
Too much hand holding.
teaching way is poor
not very challenging
Too much copy paste
It's a bit easy！
She loved it
it was ok
too basic
To slow.
This is really a very good introductory course for people from various background. The assignments are also nicely designed to give an insight to how things works. But at times, in order to make this course appealing to non-math/engineering background, it at times trivializes some important mathematical concepts and notions, in order to not scare away people who are not very comfortable to mathematics.
The course is fantastic, but I did Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course before and I miss some things here.First, this course is more direct and faster than the other one and there are some basic concepts that are not explained here, so I recommend doing Machine Learning before. Also, I miss the little questions inside each video (especially the ones that ask about ideas that are about to be explained and make you think a little more). They have been included in the test at the end of the week, which has now 10 questions instead of 5. I also miss the lectures after the videos, which helped with the hardest concepts. The whole Machine Learning course seemed more inspiring than this one. As a little detail, I preferred the sans-serif font in the Machine Learning course slides than the one used here. The other thing I don't like are the Jupyter notebooks. I get the point and they should be a good tool to code and learn and to evaluate the exercises, but I prefer the pdfs and the downloadable programming files. In the Machine Learning course you had a lot of structured Matlab/Octave files in your computer that you could then reuse easily. Here you have a document mixing text and code and it is not clear where all the code files are or how to download them for later use, Also, I like to program in my own environment, with my preferred text editor (with autocompletion, colors combinations, keyboard shortcuts...). Here you must use a basic online editor that also is hard to navigate through using the keyboard, because the text parts are also editable and selectable and you must jump from one part to another to move yourself through the document. And you need to do so, because your screen has a size and the explanations and other functions are long and they are far away from the code when you start programming. It's a very awkward way of working.The programming exercises are very guided and you must just fill little snippets of code, which is not hard to do. They must "cheat" you giving you half the info you need for a formula to make you think a little more or it would be too easy, but the whole structure of the program is done and, although everything is very detailed in the comments, the fact that you don't program all of it doesn't help you understand the key concepts explained in the slides.You must know some Python to be comfortable when coding, because there is no explicit material about the language syntax (in the Machine Learning course there was a video with a quick tour about Matlab/Octave and more optional short videos to learn the basics in less than one hour),Anyway, the course materials are great and updated, and the derivatives role in the learning process is here explained clearly (I didn't understand its importance in the other course). I love the interviews with the Heroes of Deep Learning, which give you an insight of how things are now and how they have been before, explained by the poeple who invented the functions and tools we use today.Andrew Ng is a great teacher.
Tying your shoelaces is easy...if you have two hands. Some reviewers say this course is easy too. But you will be confronted with multiplying matrices and some differentiation. More than anything, I found it difficult to keep track of the different matrices, and particularly their dimensions, which if you do this course you will see is vital. There's also a lot of notation to overcome. You will need to understand some python, particularly how to extract values from tuples or dictionaries, and being familiar with user-defined functions will also help. So, easy?The course starts with a 0-level neural network and builds up to a deep neural network. It's a nice way to easy yourself into what is clearly a complicated subject. The downside (at least for me) was that each week I was hit by yet more new notation, and I felt that some of what I'd been taught in the previous week (and was clinging on to by my fingertips) was almost redundant. It made my head spin. Nonetheless, I persevered and passed the course.So, I've gained an appreciation of approximately how a neural network works. I could not build a neural network from scratch without massive recourse to my notes and assignments, and plenty of time. Is this how people build neural networks, or are they using libraries to make the job much easier (Tensorflow, Keras, etc.?) Or, can I use the final assignment as a template and apply this to many problems? I don't know.I thought the notes were quite poor. There is a mountain of writing on most slides at the end. I scribbled more notes to explain Andrew's notes, otherwise a week later it'll be clear as Aramaic. However, Andrew repeats and explains well what's happening. He has a calm and reassuring manner, which I really liked. People have complained about assignments being too easy. Not for me. I thought they were a good way to reinforce the lectures, and provided a means to see how a neural network could be built in practice. The assignments are more like lectures with your participation than traditional assignments. This is a plus point, in my view.Finally, I'm still blown away how just a 'simple' logistic regression with sigmoid activation function can predict cats from random images so well. I've done the course, but it's like magic!
(09/2019)Overall the courses in the specialization are great and provide great introduction to these topics, as well as practical experience. Many topics are explained clearly, with valuable field practitioners insight, and you are given quizzes and code-exercises that help deepen the understanding of how to implement the concepts in the videos. I would recommend to take them after the initial Andrew Ng ML course by Stanford, unless you have prior background in this topic.There are a few shortbacks:1 - the video editing is poor and sloppy. Its not too bad, but it’s sometimes can be a bit annoying.2 - most of the exercises are too easy, and are almost copy-paste. I need to go over them and create variations of them in-order to strengthen my practical skills. Some exercises are quite challenging though (especially in course 4 and 5), and I need to go over them just to really nail them down, as things scale up quickly. Course 3 has no exercises as its more theoretical. Some exercises have bugs - so make sure to look at the discussion board for tips (the final exercise has a huge bug that was super annoying).3 - there are no summary readings - you have to (re)watch the videos in order to check something, which is annoying. This is partially solved because the exercises themselves usually hold a lot of (textual) summary, with equations.4 - the 3rd course was a bit less interesting in my opinion, but I did learn some stuff from it. So in the end it’s worth it. 5 - Slide graphics and Andrew handwriting could be improved. 6 - the online Coursera Jupyter notebook environment was a bit slow, and sometimes get stuck. Again overall - highly recommended
Learning from reliable resources is crucial. Andrew Ng is ranked #3 in the field of Deep Learning, in terms of the number of citations, on Google Scholar. Therefore, being able to learn from a person like him is an extremely valuable chance. I learned a lot, but would like to tell the things that should be improved:• There are lots of redundant repetition. It kills the flow and creates a serious mess• Assignments are only focused on finding a few missing lines in the cells. Therefore, it cannot evaluate whether you "understand the big picture" and "can build a model on your own" or not• Sometimes terms/concepts are not clearly explained OR not explained at the right time. Example: A new term "activations" comes up in a video, and you wonder what is that. However, you learn what actually it is, maybe in the next video by your own inferenceAdvice for learners: Before starting to a programming assignment, download the whole folder of this programming assignment (you cannot download a folder, but you can download it file by file and create the same folder with its original structure) and work on your computer. By this way, you can prevent the "kernel disconnection" risk of the online version, and also replace the notes within the "Markdown" cells with your own summary. When you complete the programming assignment, you will just need to copy the codes within the "Code" cells to the online version, and then submit
I think while writing helper functions, expected outputs' should be same as our test and train data. It causes some misunderstandings. I know the fact that when we don't use assess' it will take time to see output but I think that this is a sactificial thing.And also for the students that know calculus well, optional videos' can be much more detailed like dZ computation or the concepts of deep learning via calculus.Except these two reviews, I think this was a really good course. I really thank you to you who prepared these courses.My best wishes.
I loved this course as it explains the intuition behind the methods used in deep learning. As I have no problem with Calculus and Linear Algebra, I was able to calculate the derivatives by myself. People who are not accustomed to working with NumPy may find the assignments overwhelming. Hence, my suggestion will be to learn the NumPy (only the basics will do) before starting this course.
I give four stars because the course is great and the programming assignments too. But I think sometimes the programming assignments were a little condescending and easy. Don't get mi wrong, there were moments that I din't know what to do, but there were also a lot of times that all the procedure was explained.
This course was really clear my concepts of Deep Learning and how actually neural network works.
Thanks! Great refresher. Comments on the code could be more descriptive rather than "Linear -> Sigmoid".. something along the lines of what's actually going on - providing more of a high level picture/ mapping of how all the functions will work together earlier, similar to what you did for the very last programming exercise for this course (e.g. a quick list of inputs and outputs of all the functions and how they are meant to be used ). Naming convention on variables could be less confusing also (i.e. duplication of variable names both inside and outside of functions and their parameters). It was easy to get lost going back and forth - having the 2-layer network right next to the L layer network was almost more confusing than just to generalize the whole thing from the start. You seem to be re-teaching the old and inefficient ways of doing things just because you are comfortable with them multiple times during these videos.. just stick with the new stuff and stop comparing it to the old stuff - again, people start with your courses, not finish with them after doing this stuff for years using the old ways. Also you used a LOT of tuple assignment across multiple functions which were sometimes hard to follow back and forth. The code is hard to debug for beginners since you can't actually see any of the dimensions of the intermediate matrices as they only exist inside of the defined functions. Please also (along the same lines) be a LOT more clear (lectures and notebooks) on when you use a dot product or a regular matrix multiplier. Your brain just either works way different than mine or you aren't very consistent/ apparent with your notation (e.g. on the matrix multiplication). The course format has definitely taken a big step forward using Python and remote Jupyter notebooks and I have to thank you profusely for that. The course still suffers from what I would characterize as a "university feel" for obvious reasons - meaning you seem to teach by inadvertently developing misconceptions or incomplete pictures of the material in your students, making them figure out what will actually work on their own, thereby learning because of the difficulty. Not the most efficient way, but it works. I had a prof in university teach 3D multi-variable calculus who made that seem easy compared to this stuff, when all we're really dealing with here are variables, python functions, and linear algebra. Anyways, I know that was a lot but just giving some real feedback from someone who has the university basics of engineering but is still familiarizing myself with the finer points of Python. Overall this was a good course and it came well recommended.
I think a single rating is too "shallow" to sum everything up, for what I wish to express is very "deep" ;)TL;DR: Course teaches you all the basics but needs more (optional) copious curriculum alike those in top CS programs e.g. dive into the maths, explain the convenience of modular programming, a long and deep session on numpy with lots of examples and common pitfall avoidance strategies. Is the course a good introduction? Yes. Prof. Ng takes you from "a neural what" to "damn, my deep learning model predicts cat images with 80% accuracy!"Does it have a lot if insightful content?Yes and no:Prof. Ng's lectures are articulate, constructive, easy to follow and comprehensible.But the quizzes are insufficient in my opinion, you should provide us with many more optional quizzes that stimulates our understanding and creativity.Moreover, shouldn't there be a book which really builds our imagination and inspires us to think outside the box?I understand that someone as busy as Prof. Ng can't possibly make more lectures, the lectures are already "optimized" (I can't stop stop with the puns! :D )But maybe a TA could generate optional video tracks, which go deeper into the topics of the main track.Also, I was continuously struggling while using numpy, even though there were some lectures on some functions of numpy. Dimensions debugging was stressful.Not trying to criticize but the programming assignments felt like a guided tour with little freedom on the learner's part, but that is completely understandable since the learners aren't expected to know how to write hundreds of lines of python code, organize the tasks into elegant functions and data structures.One more terrifying thing in the assignments was the sheer number of variables:OH MY GOD, my active memory was failing to retain which variables were being outputted and where these need to go to next. "I just got W1 and W2, also b1 and b2, but wait, what is this parameters thing. Oh cool, its a multidimensional array. Where did this cache come from? why can't we just call it Z1? this back prop function is really roasting my brain; too. many. variables...  Hold up, how do I find A2... hmmm.... gotta go back up and re-read."So maybe you can teach us some skills to manage the sheer number of variables and functions.The course is great but I personally would like a "deeper" deep learning course. :)
I've took machine learning from another course (by Prof Ng as well), and this one is better in my opinion.First, this course offers hands on experience which can be directly used for your project. Unlike my previous course using Octave, this course is using Python. This means that you can benefit from the sea of libraries available for Python community including rich web based libraries such as BeautifulSoup or Requests. Plus, Tensorflow is focusing its support mainly toward Python only, so later, it will be more comfortable to make transition from naive machine learning codes to the Tensorflow framework.Second, this course is divided into several courses. I personally have hard time go though the course at once, so previous course offering 12 chapters just in 4 weeks was quite rushing. Obviously, some people out there can follow that while understanding them all completely, I need time to chew on new field of study before I really get something. Probably I'm doing better because I'm learning similar course again, but I think I would have no problem even if it was my first machine learning class.Yet, I removed one star for this reason: the mathematics part needs more explanation. For example, the video suggested me to derive the cost function myself, yet the derived function I got was a little different than the one provided in the exercise. I kind of get what's going on, but I am a bit uncertain as nobody can check my work. Even if I google search 'Cross Entropy loss derivative,' the cross entropy loss equation used were different site by site. It would be really helpful provide those mathematical proofs, or at least a link to the related article (Sorry if it was there, but I couldn't find it).
Good course . I too the "machine learning" one, which overviews all techniques, not only neural network. Although there is some overlay, I would consiter the Neural Network and Deep Learning as really a plus and a significant "deep" dive into neural networks. I consider that I did not waste my money.Now for some poetential improvements:Hand writting is perfect for the fluidity of the course. However, it requires a lot of scrutinity from the learner to discreminate uppercase characters from lower case. ie , w versus W, z versus Z, sometimes I got lost and had to spend some time to understand that what I thought to be an uppercase was a lowercase . same for the indice, i versus 1, etc . I would say that a little bit of care in the hand writting would help the learner....Unless this is on purpose to force learners to spend more time in understanding completely what they learn rather than just applying formulas. Also the course is good to understand the machanisms, but to practice the programming exercizes it  requires a little bit of Python knowledge that just knowing a programming language ( I know Fortran, Pascal, VB ). Sometime I got lost, just because of Python language .For instance  I got stuck for a while  with the  foor loop before I  understood that "for i in range (1,10)" stops at 9 . This is not common. Also using dictionary to pass or return parameters in a function is a very  elegant way, but not obvious for a beginner.I listed the reasons why I removed one star, it is pretty long. Now imagine that explaining why I put 4 stars would overfolow this text box ;)Thanks for this training !
I would have liked to give the course a 5-star on the strength of Andrew's teaching and presentation alone.However, I was a bit disappointed in the assumed level of mathematical detail (I have a PhD in experimental Physics, and 4 decades of subsequent work in mathematical and computational physics).I do understand that this was the '101' course, and that it has to be accessible to an audience that may not have that sort of background.Also, after 4 decades of software engineering experience, I found the programming assignments a bit of a letdown.  I would have preferred assignments that did not have so much boilerplate already in place; I would have rather worked all that out myself, using the full power of Python's programming and data structure constructs.  For week 4, I would have enjoyed the exercise of building Python classes and leveraging functional programming to implement the building blocks and models. But that is just me :)Perhaps you should consider a course stream that assumes its participants have the advanced mathematical and software skills so that it can go into depth on the topics, and lets us build the code using all of the tools at our disposal.  I did end up working through all of the mathematics in excruciating detail.That being said, it was indeed a fun course, and Andrew is fantastic.  The discussion forums and the mentors are really excellent.  I'm looking forward to other courses in the AI / deep learning field.I'd highly recommend the course ( and Coursera) to all of my colleagues
The explanation of the concepts is good and accessible. I found the introduced notation very helpful, and the forward prop-back prop diagrams very insightful. They really drive home the point that forward prop and back prop are two sides of the same coin. The concept of caching might have been explained a bit further. On the programming side, I found that much of it was more like simply copying what was literally in the instructions. This seemed to get worse as the course progressed. (As an aside, in my recollection the intro to ML course by professor Ng that used Octave was more challenging in this respect). I would suggest to either make the course longer, so that more time can be spent on letting students actually code (more) from scratch, or to just utilize python modules for deep learning. More generally, I think that the latter route might be a better way to go, because really, no ML practitioners (as opposed to ML scientists) will actually build NN from scratch, given the abundance of packages that are around. This is not to say that there is no value in the chosen approach: Indeed, I think that actually understanding what is going on 'under the hood' is very valuable, even indispensable. Yet that part is covered quite extensively by the videos. The programming exercises might be put to better use by helping students understand how these concepts translate to existing deep learning packages.Nonetheless, great job. I look forward to the rest of the specialization!
For someone who is a beginner, this was an extremely helpful course. Period. Those who think it was "too simple", it might be the case that it was not the right level for them. Here are some of the things that worked really well. First, the assignments were well structured and built on each other. I really loved how scaffolded the notebooks were. Showing an estimate of approx. how many lines of code are needed is a great way to signal to the beginner in terms of how much work is needed. While the amount of code needed to write is small, you need to understand *why* you are writing it, and that takes mental effort. Second, can't say enough great things about the forums. People are responsive and helpful. I have had more help in this forum than at my formal educational institute where the TAs are not either trained to help or don't want to help or both. Here are some things I wish the course did betterFirst, I wish the connection to the larger picture was made through each exercise. One suggestion could be using modular blocks inside the notebooks to show the flow of data as you code. The flowcharts inside the notebooks can use a bit of work -- especially in matching them to the lecture slides.Second, I wish we had a single page where all the derivations and formulae are provided. It was difficult to sift through different weeks and piece them together. Overall, really great course! I recommend this keeping in mind the limitations that exist!
Awesome Course , A bit clumsy at last Deep Layer Neural Network.  But still if you make notes and Have a clear understanding of Linear Algebra and Multi Variable Calculus then you find it easy4 stars because , programing assignment are just like fill in the blanks and also keep on constantly changing version , It creates a lot of bugs , So if that can be fixed it will be well deserving 5 star as When I started I was just unknown to world of DL , but surprisingly after taking this one I feel motivated and going to go for this domain , The Sir is almost as humble and understandable he can  and the quality of content / materials are just like reaching to stars . It show how passionate the course instructors are.For forums I can say I am bit disappointed , as they only replied if there is a big query , else for small one , I need to just google itLast but Not the least to say , This course is for understanding the building block of DL domain , but if you want to just do coding  and taking this course , then my suggestion is - make a note of what you have learnt and get intuition about how algorithm works , this way without and module even you can build your Neural Nets  from scratchThanks off To second course in specialization
I would suggest this course to people interested in understanding well how basic NN works. However, this course will not enable you to write a NN by yourself (unless your math and computational background are strong enough such that you see beyond the scope of the course). However, you at least will understand well all the essential parts that play a role on it. Being familiar with Python code helps a lot. I reckon interviews are quite advanced (at least the first one), but I would say it satisifies the purpose of the course for those with extra curiosity. I know it was not part of the course, but for me the part of the image transformations to a vector is a little bit abstract. It would be nice to have better explanations on that ( I know that is not the scope of the course, but still). Labs are pretty ok, maybe too brought by the tacher and not much thinking required. If there were bigger gaps without telling you exactly what to put in each place I am sure people will understand the basics better since my effort put into labs will increase dramatically. All in all though, I have accomplished my point with this course, which were unerstanding the differents parts of a NN, and "programming" a simple one.
Good course overall, very well structured code, useful content.Shortcomings: I hope there should be a way to deliver the same content on the important concepts in a bit faster manner; personally I had to skip considerable portions of the videos, especially when they were going slowly through formulas. I mean, having a maths background I do not mind formulas but would prefer to focus more on the concepts. Questions on the specific formulae notations in the quizzes are also a bit annoying (as one could use different notations, different orientation of the matrixes, so why should one have to commemorate the specific way it was done in the course)? While having a custom backprop implementation is certainly interesting, I'd rather use it as an extra-cirricular material.  The way it is - too much tech detail of the implementation in the assignments to go through, although only useful within the specific framework provided. Having completed the assignments the students are still unlikely to be able to implement custom backprop from scratch. Would not it be more practical to focus on tensorflow/pytorch implementation? Hope this helps. But overall - a relevant and highly appreciated course!
A bit heavy on the python, may be hard for those who don't code it as their first language.Maybe it would be helpful to go a bit more into depth about the derivatives of the activation functions - i.e. derive them explicitly for sigmoid and relu and make it clear that they are different for each activation function (people may be tricked into thinking that the "magic formulae" you presented always just work, no matter what activation you use).Same goes for the cost function - would be helpful to go more into detail about it and how its derivative is derived and show a couple more loss/cost functions.Programming assignments can sometimes be completed by copy&pasting the example code around - would help to make them harder. On the other side, all the needed python features/functions should be mentioned in the notebook whenever they are needed. This helps the python beginners (I, for one, had to keep a python reference opened in a separate tab all the time and still had more issues with the python than with the math).Apart from those minor issues, great course! Really enjoyed it, already looking forward to the other ones!
After 20 years in the job I took this course just for fun and it was worth it. I was just looking for what is this with all those buzzwords about AI and got a first answer. This course is mostly well structured  and the goals are relative easy to achieve, which I'm considering as good in the case the spare time after work is limited.  As an engineer in electronics and automation,  deeplearning is interesting because for so many problems there isn't an easy mathematical formula which makes me curious  whether this becomes a alternative path for some problems. The prerequisite of knowing calculus and the basics of linear algebra like a matrix multiplication should be standard. Deep learning without this knowledge limits the personal capabilities in this field and is slowing down the learning experience.  There is no magic stick without knowledge.  I couldn't  submit the optional basic exercise, because there is a software problem (formatting) somewhere and it was a waste of 3hours and I got no real help for this problem.  Submitting the other exercises  was without any problem. Expect some challenges.
Overall I found the course and its programming exercises helpful towards understanding what a neural network is and how to implement one.  However, that being said, I do think that the ordering of the lectures could use some tweaking. Going from Week 1's lectures to Week 2's is very challenging for those who come into the course with basic / very little understanding and knowledge of calculus and machine learning. I'd suggest that Week 1 be extended with some introductory concepts to help ease into logistic regression (and, more specifically, forward propagation, backward propagation and vectoriszation). Also, there were some key lectures in the latter two weeks (particularly, ) that I felt would have been better introduced earlier. Particularly  Week 4's "Getting Your Matrix Dimensions Right"-- that would have been great to have had in Week 3 instead. I believe with some small shuffling and a better distribution of lectures over Week 1 and Week 2 or, conversely, more introductory and optional concepts introduced in Week 1 in preparation of Week 2 and this would be a 5 star course.
Definitely a fantastic course -- lectures are extremely thorough and well-taught. Andrew Ng basically knows what questions you're about to have before you have them and then goes on to explain them. I also really appreciate that he reviews and reiterates concepts often, since many MOOC learners might have large gaps between lectures and not fully remember details from past lectures. The assignments are also very well-structured and explained. My one qualm with this course is that the assignments are a little TOO guided, where just typing out the formulas provided for each function in the clearly designated lines will let you get 100%. I would definitely have preferred graded functions to just have a function name and input/output documentation, which would allow students to really learn what sort of things to consider while programming a neural network from scratch. If a student needs more help, you could instead provide optional hints for them to view rather than over-simplifying the assignments for everyone.
Quite good course! I already followed the Machine Learning course of Andrew Ng. I want to know more about machine learning and deep learning and natural language processing, especially in Python. The start of the specialization is good, but I would have prefer if there were optional videos entering quite deeply into the maths at least scratching the mathematical question behind neural network (like question of convergence of the models for instance). Of course these videos should be optional so that people who prefer avoid the maths can still grasp the content of the course.Also one other suggestion would be to have some kind of sandbox for us (the learners) to play with our own datasets and try algorithms. Indeed the implementation of python here makes everything very fast while on my small notebook I can only try very small datasets, otherwise I run into memory problems or I need hours of training (eventhough I always vectorize everything, since it is faster and it is also much more natural mathematically).
At first it was hard to get into Python having spent 12 weeks in the Stanford class which utilizes Matlab throughout. I find the Jupyter notebooks to be harder to debug and often I would lose my work if I didn't have the notebook every few minutes religiously. However, it seems that Python is preferred to Matlab in the machine learning community so I am glad that the course was taught in Python. I also felt that the lectures were very superficial and lacking compared to the lectures by the same instructor in the Stanford course.  However, having completed that course initially I already understood most of the stuff that was glossed over in this course. The lectures also seemed a bit disorganized and it was hard to go back through and find information in the lectures. I also wish that they kept the tradition of weekly slide summaries as they did in the previous class to make it easy to go back and find information. The Stanford course was definitely a 5 star course, this one falls a bit short though.
If you're reading this. TAKE THIS COURSE. Just make sure to take thorough notes and keep review previous concepts.It feels a little too easy to fake understanding of the concepts taught in this course. After week 3 I decided to go back and properly write out derivations and flowcharts to help my understanding of all the concepts. The questions are easy enough to figure out without even watching the videos. I think the exercises taught me more about numpy than about Neural networks sometimes because the formulas are all given in the assignment and I just have to implement it which encourages shallow learning (Pun fully intended).That being said, I loved the course otherwise. Most of my University lecturers can't measure up to Andrew Ng. My favourite part is that he drops some gold nuggets of knowledge about things like SIMD (Computer Architecture), analogies to digital circuits, and deep explanations about the calculus used in the course for those interested.
Overall, the course is a good beginner course. The Professor carefully explains the concepts and provides sufficient context to understand the problem at hand. He proceeds with good amount of intuition that is necessary at many places to understand why NNs work. Overall a great learning experience.There are two main drawbacksCourse content gets repetitive at times. I guess, this may be necessary to ensure that people get the concept in an online course, but sometimes, I find it too repetitive (and I lose focus). There is a consisted effort by the professor to avoid maths (specifically calculus). I find the aversion to mathematics rather surprising. If we look at Ian Goodfellow's Deep Learning book, almost 33% of the book is dedicated to learning linear algebra/probability/calculus. IMHO, maths must not be avoided, but rather embraced. Assignments appear too trivial. The assignment would have been more challenging, if the hints are not provided.
This is a good course, but if you're new to machine learning / neural networks I recommend taking Andrew Ng's original Machine Learning course here FIRST: https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learningHe goes over some of the material more quickly here than in that previous course.As for me, I really appreciate the time he takes to make everything understandable. That means the course will be too slow for some, but for an engineer looking to get into the field, who's already taken his other course, it's ideal.EDIT: My one critique is that I think he could afford to spend more time on the derivations for backpropagation. In Week 3 he spends a couple of lectures on it, but I still didn't fully understand it because he didn't give the dimensions for all of the matrices/vectors. Some of the partial derivatives were also glossed over. I suggested that they should create a "cheat sheet" with supplementary material to more fully explain it.
(+) On the plus side: Andrew is always an excellent lecturer: his way of explaining machine learning with a rigorous and coherent notation is confirmed in this course. Also, the python notebooks provided for the assignments are an extremely good guidance for structuring a deep neural network project.(-) On the minus side: this course is rather disappointing compared to Andrew's well-known Machine Learning course on coursera. There is basically no challenge, as assignments are *very* guided: they can be completed even with a very shallow understanding of the content. Also, lectures are quite repetitive, and more like a practical cookbook than an actual course. I am not particularly expert in Machine Learning, but I went through the entire course in 2-3 days. Overall, while I was expecting this course to be more challenging and in-depth, I think I learned more from the well-known Machine Learning course by Andrew.
Excellent work on videos and course materials. This is second class I'm taking, previously I took ml-class back in 2012. Andrew Ng definitely has special talent for explaining complex material in very simple and intuitive way.I would improve only one thing (That's why give 4 instead of 5 stars). Mentors seem in general very responsive on forums - which is great. However with both my questions - one was simply ignored, another got some strange reply, which made me question using support forums in general for these courses. I asked a question and the guy replied in quite unwelcoming tone and added at the end "...They literally wrote out the code for you in the instructions. All you have to do is "copy/paste" it..."  In other words: "Don't try to understand deep by challenging what's prepared for you - just copy/paste".  Anyway DL AI specialization is awesome and I definitely recommend it.
First, I would like to thank Andrew for providing us with this wonderful material and for his generosity in sharing the valued knowledge and experience with others. As a CS PhD student who wants to do projects in python / numpy but barely gets a chance to go through a textbook, this course really helps to understand the basics of python/numpy (vectorization) and NN. I was a little bit confused in the week 4 programming assignment. I think it would be nice if Andrew had gone through the backward delta, derivatives and the recursive nature of backpropagation rather than just writing down the formulae. Although, one needs to implement everything from the scratch in order to fully understand the backpropagation algorithm. The programming assignment in the current shape looks like an easy puzzle which although one can complete it successfully, it's not quite clear how things work together.
This is quite the introductory course to neural networks! It took a bit of time to understand the topics presented in this course, but understanding came with time as the people who put this together were quite thorough.The only reason I am giving this four stars is because there was a bit of frustration with the Jupyter notebooks used in the course. There were times when my code was written correctly, but errors were still being thrown up, such as when I tried to assign certain variable names (which are simple lines of code).If you take this course, be sure to backspace the code in the Jupyter notebooks assigned "none" because writing out of these areas (still within their designated coding areas) can cause issues.Overall a great course, I highly recommend this to people with a strong background in math who would like to get a good introductory understanding of neural networks.
This is a great course that complements the free ML course from the same instructor. The concepts are reinforced, and the implementations in Python give a different perspective (and is perhaps more likely to be familiar to those already in the industry). It would have been nice if the course had inline quizzes in the videos, as well as lecture notes and summaries, as in the free ML course.The labs in Python are nice, but often feels pretty mechanical, because the structure of the projects is already filled in, and the labs mostly ask you to just translate formulas into single lines of code. It's easy to not really learn how to put everything together yourself as a result. I felt the labs were more challenging in the free course, and I got more out of those labs than in this course. Despite it's flaws, I'd definitely say spending time studying the material is a good investment.
This course was pretty good in giving me an initial understanding of what a neural network is, and what deep learning refers to. I found week #2 to be the most informative, with week #3 and week #4 being the second and least informative respectively. Week #1 was just an introduction so I didn't count it. The programming exercises were a little like 'fill in the blank' type things, and could be completed just by looking at the examples and following the hints. I thought it was neat that I could build an image recognition program, but there are a lot of points in my understanding that just aren't filled in yet. However, like any complicated subject, you can't have a deep understanding after only a few hours of videos. Overall, it was a fun first course for me. It was also my first Coursera course, so maybe completing some others will give me a better perspective.
Warning: Review by critical person (high expectations/not easy to please)Course successfully satisfied my curiosity and desire to understand concepts deeply. You learn to build a neural network in Python from scratch. Both the computing and the mathematical side can be understood in depth by a combination of videos and jupyter notebook exercises in python. I would love to rate it 5/5 but there were a couple of subtle mathematical points with no satisfying explanation, although I tried asking in the forum. Don't get discouraged by this though. It is just me scrutinizing concepts. These tiny gaps should be no problem to 99% of learners. One more thing: If you don't like to know about the math involved pick another course (deeplearning.ai: introduction to tensorflow). This one explains and connects the mathematical side with the software side of neural networks.
This course is amazing to learn the basics of the Neural Network..The theoretical part of the course was amazing to understand the Neural Network from the scratch..But i have a little bit problem with the practical side of the course...Okay i get it the professor wanted us to code the neural network from the scratch but they should also include the application side of the neural network also...Like teach us how to use tensorflow and keras to implement Neural Network...Because right now no one wants to write the code of neural network from the scratch but they intends to use Different libraries to implement the Neural Network...Now don't get me wrong...It's great to code the neural network from the scratch to get the inside of the neural network but to built more interest of the students the course should also include the usage of keras/tensorflow...
While the material is clearly organized, those who are adapt at calculus and linear algebra can watch the videos at 1.50 rate. Also, some important derivations which should not be a whole big deal for someone interested in such a complex topic are omitted. The assignments are extremely easy and only require either a few lines of code or straight copy/paste with minor adaptations. It would have been much better and more useful if the learners could write and implement a few functions on their own. Reading through comments for other courses, I believe the exercises follow the same format.My issue with this is that when you are doing NN in a real world setting, you can not constantly check your notebooks from this course. I feel like much of the implementation could be left to students with detailed hints. That's why I drop a star, sorry.
The course was not what I expected, but it was probably what I needed without realizing it :)The course is about implementing neural networks from scratch. Thus it takes a lot of time to get to the more interesting topics and the course is not immediately usable in real life. On the other hand, understanding the principles is probably a good foundation for future development, so I think it makes sense.The only thing I found slightly lacking were the home assignments. They were basically about filling in the blanks in a code created by someone else. I found this not to be very engaging because it does not force one to really think about the problem. Also it was much too easy. I think having at least one chunk of code there, which would have to be fully created by the student, would help much.Overall, very good and interesting course.
One big premise: Andrew Ng is a fantastic teacher and this course is very well designed.Why I do not give five stars: having already finished both prof. NG's machine learning course and prof. Hinton's Neural Networks course, I might be biased but this one is comparatively a theory lightweight. In this respect, I would have liked some more insight on the theory, especially on matrix gradients, which here are repeatedly presented as the most difficult part of NN's math - but it would have helped understanding this framework from the basis.I liked the programming assignments, especially the focus on python as opposed to matlab, but sometimes too much is already written and just needs to be copy/pasted.I hope this gentler than gentler approach in this first course can give way to a more deep exploration in the following ones.
Coming from a background of economics and statistics, I had a hard time understanding the difference between the estimated parameters from regression analysis versus neural network. Also it was not clear that W was a matrix of weights. It would be beneficial if it is stated in the beginning that there is no interpretation of the parameters. Or at least take a few minutes to compare and contrast the typical alpha and beta coefficients from regression analysis, maybe the theory behind that statistics (that they follow an assumed distribution, etc), and contrast that with neural networks. (alpha = b, beta=W) and that they have no intuitive meaning. Also it wasn't clear in the following videos that each "feature" input corresponded to a pixel. It may help to keep reiterating that as you go through examples each time.
It's a very good introduction to the Deep learning with very progressive learning curve. The interviews are really a plus. This is not the first course I take from Andrew Ng and I like his way of teaching, very relaxed, concise and with straight to the point subjects and arguments. Diferently said, it has just what is needed of theory and a lots of very good practical advise. This makes the difference between studying deep learning and being able to make something out of it. I put 4/5 though, for one little reason: I think the programming assignments are maybe sometime too guided and it leads to being able to complete them potentially without having really grasp all the coding concepts. This said, one who would spend time to go back onto these assignment, committed to get something out of it will definitely do!
Why not 5 stars? (1) There are still just a few typos in the code (e.g. layers_dims vs layer_dims) (2) the help given in figuring out what code to put in the blanks is a little excessive/too easy. Why all the starts in 4 stars? Nice job building up in complexity from the one neuron case to the L layer with layer_dims neurons in each layer, on developing intuition on what the various layers might be doing, and simultaneously demonstrating (1) the improvement from deepening the NN and (2) the common problem of overfitting and the need to become nimble with more than just choosing layer_dims. As a result, I have ideas for data sets I'd like to train a NN on, and a desire to learn ways to make the learning better by avoiding overfitting and tweaking hyper-parameters. p.s. I'd give 4.8 stars if it was an option.
Overall, the course was great.  Lectures were very informative as the instructor did an excellent job explaining very difficult topics like neural networks, deep learning, and forward and backward propagation.   Although the homework was very useful in seeing how to setup deep learning and understanding the algorithms, the assignments were not as challenging as I would expect, which significantly decreases the learning process.  This was also the same with some of the lectures, specifically the derivations of some of the more complex equations.  I understand that part of the appeal of this type of course is that it can be easier for others and keep them interested.  However, takes away from the deeper understanding of the material, especially for students that enjoy fully understanding the material.
This course was awesome. The complex materials were taught using a very simple and easy-to-understand language. Also, programming was inseparable part of the course completing the theoretical lectures which make the whole thing very valuable. My suggestion is improving in grading removing some little bugs: 1) Once my completely correct answer was graded 0/20, and also I just submitted the last programming twice, and both the times, it was graded 0/100 which should have been graded 100/100. I just found out that while the online prompt (Jupyter) is still working and compiling the codes, the grading module receives no output (or no update on assignment) from the prompt if the assignment submission is done after a while. I think the first error happened due to this reason as well. Thanks!
This course is mindblowing and is a requisite building block to understand the basic intuitive steps of neural network and deep learning.For new followers of this course, keep going with the course-flow. You don't need to remember the exact notation to understand the whole theme. But if you keep running and practice with the assignment and then try to instinctively match the notation, what are they, why are they used here, which layer and where they will be used - I think notation will be cleared step by step.  I only scored 80% on the first assignment spending a lot of time on solving model() function, which I didn't succeed but then solved it again in a sec after I got a clear overview of my errors and notations at week 4. Keep enjoying the new learnings! :)
This is a well thought out, structured introduction to  Deep Learning. Andrew Ng is characteristically clear in his explanations. The focus is on building enough intuition to build a neural network. The course accomplishes this requiring just a basic understanding of linear algebra and calculus. It is good to have some familiarity with Python, even though the course does not state prior knowledge of Python as a requirement. This course is new and there is still some debugging to do. In particular back-propagation exercise for a multi-layer NN uses indexing that is inconsistent with the course consequently is unnecessarily confusing. I have no doubt this will be fixed over time, but for now it does detract from the course, so I give four stars.
Lectures and the lecturer are great! Fantastic job on this part. Quizes were too simple in my opinion, but I guess it's a matter of paying attention to the lecture. However, I was not very satisfied with programming excersices. They were too easy, occasionally asking for adding a line of code here and there. I am used to write a code on an empty sheet, designing the code structure, classes etc. Here most of the work was already done and I was required only to put few lines of logic, having almost explcitely stated above the code what I should write. I think one could pass all excercises without understanding the topic.Still, for anyone who wants to understand the topic and learn how to build NN the course is very good and very well designed.
Overall, I am very positive about the course. I won't take your time here writing positive nmoments and will only list some minuses imho:Derivatives part is too easy, I think one can leave some work to the studentSometimes in programming assignment the answer is basically written for you in the question. I don't think a student learns much by simply copying the code and adjusting it a little bit. All visualisation of the networks are alrady made for you, for me personally it was a good excersice to visualise network myself thinking through each algorithm step. May be a small assignment to make a picture of a network themselfs, will also help other student.But as I mentioned these are minr points, in general this is a very good course!!!
This course is a great introductory to deep neural networks. However, it is lacking in math and the programming assignments are rather simple. After completing assignments and watching the videos, I feel like I understood the concepts and learning algorithm very well. I also enjoyed the interviews with the leading researchers in the field.Things that I would have preferred to see in the first course:1. Basic linear algebra and calculus as real prerequisites in lecture videos. 2. Practice assignments for deriving back-propagation results.  To make it not too painful, vector calculus formulas and hints could be given to students.3. An early introduction to Tensorflow instead of later in Course 2. Could be a simple comparison to NumPy.
Excellent content as usual from Andrew Ng. Would still like a bit more of the Udacity style with frequent questions embedded in the video, but that takes much more work to design and record on the part of the instructors. The programming assignments were perhaps a bit too guided; however, since most neural net frameworks don't require detailed programming of forward and backward prop, this aspect of the course is probably fine. Just make sure you understand the concepts behind the code as presented in the video. Although I've done a lot of neural net tutorials and took Ng's original Stanford ML MOOC, I felt that he added a few important insights and explanations here that help give students a better understanding of deep nets.
While I realize that the intent of the assignments is to test only the subject (NN and DL) knowledge (and not Python proficiency), the programming assignments were too easy to finish. One of the reasons is the stub code that was already included. The second reason is that most of the code that we need to write was already strongly hinted at in the notebook (notes, assert statements, etc) and if resourceful, inferred from the included assignment-specific libraries (which are of course necessarily accessible from the jupyter menu). I now wonder that if I hire someone who finished this course, would they too have passed with similar light-effort and whether that means they may not be able to implement new models quickly enough.
I think Andrew did a fantastic job of teaching the 'machine learning' material without requiring us to have an in depth knowledge of linear algebra or calculus, especially since I have not done it since my university days many years ago.However, I felt the programming assignments had too much guidance in the questions which removed the need to think by the student. I for one would like to get into the industry and I don't believe that real life work problems would be presented as simple as the home work assignments. This is just my opinion, I guess it depends on your expectations before the course.In conclusion, I would I highly recommend the course to anyone that knows nothing about machine learning but would like to start.
Great coverage of material, great explanations, course is well put together and relatively straightforward to follow through. Understanding higher level math like calculus and linear algebra was super helpful but you can probably survive without it. I wish there wasn't such a gap between theory discussion in the videos and coding application in the assignments. I want to see programming done in the videos with discussion of what steps are being taken and why, what alternatives there are and why they weren't chosen, etc. This is a common experience I've had in academia; 'here's all this fundamental knowledge, now go figure out how to apply it yourself'. Sometimes that in between step is crucial to having something 'click'.
This is a very good introduction to Neural Nets, Deep Learning and Supervised learning. I thoroughly enjoyed the course and refreshed a lot of my previous learning on neural nets, while understanding more about Deep Learning. Andrew Ng has a way of explaining complex things in simple and intuitive terms. The only reason that I do not give a five star rating is that the Jypiter notebooks kept failing to save, the kernel would not restart, etc., so be prepared when working on assignments to save your work very frequently, then reload each time it gets stuck, and rerun from the beginning. This is a huge waste of precious time and has been reported by a large number of previous students, but hasn't been properly addressed.
I loved the course but I feel like what I learned is a bit shallow. The programming exercises all but gave the right answer so it was mostly a matter of copy pasting a formula from a section or two above the code. I understand why that's necessary as I don't think as many students will stick through the course if the answers aren't easily accessible but I feel as though without the process of searching and contemplating on my solutions the knowledge will not remain in my brain long. Having said that, I cannot stress enough how well done the exercises and course was. I will certainly be continuing this series. That one point is just my reason for 4 stars instead of 5. I may be being too picky. Thank you! :)
For an experienced programmer new to deep learning, this is a terrific course wrt content and hands-on introduction to building deep learning models. Andrew Ng is wonderfully enthusiastic, calm and a very structured and methodic teacher. Obviously he has spent a LOT of time preparing this course and the course material. The only reason I give 4 out of 5 stars is that the coding exercises are a bit too simple for an experienced programmer and are sometimes more like tedious fill-in-the-blanks exercises than that you really have to think about the structure of the code. Other than that, I have greatly enjoyed taking this course and am highly motivated to take the other 4 in the series. Thank you mr. Ng !
The concepts were well explained and the instructor was engaging. My only complaint is that the homework assignments felt like they held my hand too much. To me, I felt that I was filling in a few blanks rather than writing the entire program myself, and I think that made it a little more difficult to feel that I would retain what I needed to build a neural network outside the course. I actually like the fill-in-the-blank approach to an extent, because it saves the student from needing to perform the trivial parts of setup, but I felt that too much information on what to do was readily available rather than having to reference my notes or re-watch a lecture video to better reinforce the material.
The second week assignments are a bit hard for who is new in python. Some code in second week might need a bit more explanation or hits to let students getting the idea. For example, a bit more explain in application of reshape and shape[0],[1],[2], np.linalg.norm for normalization. In the Logistic regression with a Neural Network mindset v5, it has not enough explain for grads, cost = propagation(W,b,X,Y) that students were unsure what variable should be put in the (), they were also unsure the format of the code. Also, it needs more hits for Y_prediction_test = predict(w, b, X_test). However, in week 3 and 4 assignments are very clear and helpful. After all I am grad that I found this course.
It's easy and pedagogic in the programming assignments. The idea of being able to build the network from ground up is very profound. However, the connection between lecture and assignments is still somewhat loose. I did not understand the lecture much until I did the exercises and assignments. I can forgive the errors in the lecture and appreciate the effort to correct them. But I would prefer a more hands-on approach of teaching, and cut down the current content of the course to shorter time. The extra time left, students may be ask to read some (classic) materials as bonuses. For these reasons, I reserved the last start for the rating. All in all, the course is still worth the time I spent.
Amazing course! Andrew walks through the implementation of a deep neural network by starting you from essentially scratch. He demystifies everything he teaches, and walks through each building block (cost functions -> backprop and forwardprop > logistic regression -> shallow neural network, etc) before you attempt  to implement a deep neural networkThe only thing I'm concerned about is the "hand-holding" that happens each programming assessment. The solutions are very straightforward, and the boilerplate is pre-written. I'm not sure if it would be beneficial if the student had to write all the boilerplate at-least once.Anyway, if you're thinking about this course, don't hesitate and enroll!
Taught very well! I would definitely recommend this class to anyone who's interested in Deep Learning. My only criticism is in how they teach the theory. Since this class uses a bit of calculus but refuses to go deep enough into the theory, it felt a bit alienating to me since I actually *do* have enough of a math background to go into the theory and truly understand Neural Networks. At the same time, however, I would expect that those who have not studied calculus in depth would also have ended up feeling a little alienated by this course since, when actually building the NN, the use of gradients was ultimately inevitable, along with the chain rule in the lectures. Still a great course!
Andrew Ng is a great teacher, and has a very good style in the course videos: developing the content from minimal slides by writing as he speaks results in a pace that allows for following the content easily. The content itself is well structured.The slides are not very well usable for reference; they often do not show the full content but the handwriting overlays what was there as original "printed" content.The programming assignments are, funny enough, not very challenging, at least for someone with my level of experience: they mostly require an 1:1 transfer of very detailed instructions to code. Often, the solutions are actually given and only need to be copied and pasted.
As usual, Professor Andrew Ng was awesome! He really took the time to explain what's going on in terms of the concept, which is great. He even went further to clarify the calculus behind the back propagation and how the derivatives of dW, db, dZ, and dA where determined. For me, calculus is not a problem, but for others who are not familiar with calculus and its chain rule, his detailed explanation would help. It shows how much effort Professor Ng is putting into his teaching of this course. This is my second course on Coursera with Prof. Ng. First one was Introduction to Machine Learning. I look forward to taking more coursed offered by Professor Andrew Ng in future.Thanks!
Really great course detailing the fundamentals of Neural Networks. It teaches the basics really well, to the point of repeating some stuff with slight variations, so the core concepts become really cemented. This is a good foundation to keep on learning NNs and DL.The only caveat I found with this course was that it is really not aimed at "real life" neural network and deep learning apllications. The programming assignments consist mainly on predefined functions on which you implement the math, but it doesn't use any of the existing frameworks. I'd say this is a course on forward and backwards propagation (which is really great), but you won't get "production ready" skills.
Great course and great course materials. It's beginnings level, you go from a very simple structure to a L-layer NN, so you can actually understand a NN and its parameters and hyperparameters.You can also tell they've put a lot of energy and dedication into homeworks - they are quite well structured and facilitate a lot students life.My only (minor) negative comment would be just that: homeworks are quite easy, bc you can follow their advice and tips from the beginning and, if you get 'lazy', you don't need a lot to complete the tasks, even without having to understand exactly what you're doing. I guess you learn as much as you put an effort on learning ;)
Andrew Ng of Stanford did an excellent job presenting material. The training was greatly enhanced by the homework assignments and exams. The 2 reasons for 4 stars vs 5 are: First, the automated grading system sometimes marks assignments wrong even when they get the right answer. This can be frustrating without any feedback as to why. Second, lack of human support / accountability when student encounters the auto-grading system. I did hear back from a mentor who said they are getting organized, so perhaps this is just a new program and they are still working through the bugs. I absolutely recommend the class to anyone willing to fight past these challenges.
All good, missing one star as i couldn't match one part of the 1st assignment of the 4th week, and the learning platform lacks a way to give students adequate feedback to help them get past these hiccups. There is the forum, but reading around various posts, i think others had had problems with the same question, and the notebook had been updated. I'd just like to be able to see the correct answer to understand where i went wrong, once i'd passed the assignment (so got enough right)!Using the function which wouldn't pass from the 1st assignment in the 2nd assignment, i managed to get 100%, so i'm not convinced that I actually got the 1st assignment wrong?
Assignements are a bit too easy. It would be great to go a bit more in depth with the calculus and not have everything handed on a silver plate.Main difficulties during the assignements come from remembering function names and how to call them, rather than what is the logic behind them, since the notebook provides you everything. In the end, each assignement is just 20 - 25 lines of codes where you copy / paste what the hint suggest and adjust variables name... Nonetheless, the videos are great, and the speed of the course is ok, and the assignement give a good opportunity to apply everything you see in the videos ! I would have rated 4.5 if I could :).
Videos from Andrew are really useful and taught in an interesting way. However the coding coursework can be quite buggy sometimes. An error in the server will make your coursework fail and then when you go back to the coursework you will need to type in again as the work won't be saved because of the error. Additionally, coursework seems a bit too easy as there are hints everywhere. I can understand this will make grading easier but also at the same time I don't think students need to digest all the information taught in the course completely before starting the coursework. All you need to do is filling the bits you are told to do in the code snippets.
This course is well tailored to give an overall introduction to Neural Networks and Deep Learning. Andrew's lecture is very clear. The checkpoint questions after videos give good reviews to the key takeaways of the corresponding video. Exercises using Python and Jupyter notebooks are very easy to use, and the test cases and helper codes make the exercises even smoother. I didn't give this course full stars mainly because the hints might be too much in some parts of the exercises. It would be better if hints can be presented on a separate page or lower part of the same notebook, so as to allow students to challenge themselves if they want.
Very easy. This course really helped to demystify all the buzz around deep learning neural networks. They seem a lot more down-to-earth now that I understand the algorithm. I think the course might have been a bit too easy. Some of the assignments gave me the answer outright. I did not need to put thought into the shapes of my arrays, as the dimension shapes were handled for me in the assignment itself. All the derivatives were already computed. Although, and it was nice, the method behind how the derivatives are computed was given in supplementary videos. I just think it would've been better reinforced if I struggled a bit more.
I've enrolled on the Deep Learning specialization right after completing Professor Ng Machine learning course. because i was exited to get more in-depth understanding of the subject. My expectation from it were that it's more about multi-layer NN rather than NN in general.As a result 3 out of 4 weeks of the material here felt mostly repetitive for me just with slightly different notation and python instead of octave.I would still recommend it as your first NN course or if you're planning to enrol on full specialization just keep in mind that 3/4 of it's contents is introductory material about NN and manage your time accordingly.
Great course. The programming assignments are bit on the easier side. We do not really "code"much. If you understand the flow of system , then it is all about calling simple functions. It is amazing to see what we can implement if we have the right tools and understanding. This course also helps us in appreciating the power of Python in this field today. Recently I read about Google Deep Mind`s exploits in the world of chess by defeating Stockfish 8 and this course helped me understand what might be happening there. Of course , this course does not talk about Deep Mind as this course came out before that breakthrough happened.
Excellent material. Professor Ng's style is simply awesome. This course was a great refresher to what I learned in the old Machine Learning course.It was nice to see that Python and its libraries were chosen for the development part of the course (Octave felt a little cumbersome at times). However, I would have liked to see more challenging assignments with more left for the student to discover.All in all, this class should only be seen as a initial step in a machine learning career. The concepts and tools provided are very useful and it is up to the practitioner to reinforce them through real life applications and projects.
Great lectures, great quizzes! Programming exercises are quite big and don't really gave me a feeling of really understanding everything I had programmed. It is easy (and because the assignments are large appealing) to use all the hints you get and simply repeat and change some variable names. But I understand it's hard to design shorter assignments that cover everything with less hints... Maybe trade some repetition/overlap in the assignments for less hints to keep the necessary time equal and make the hints clickable in phases (small hint each time) so there is a bit of a barrier to click at them. Keep up the good work!
Good course on the subject of deep learning. Andrew goes through the principles in a good and structured way, but some of the walkthrough of backprop is too superficial. I would have appreciated a full derivation of the backprop algorithm, or at least a slightly more in depth treatment of it. As for the programming assignments, they should have been slightly more challenging, maybe with a gradual increase in help on the assignments. I also feel the code is a little bit messy, with some functions being redundant. Overall a good course, and the videos from Andrew are very well explained, enough to give it a 4 star rating.
Overall a very well put together course. I would say that the programming is sometimes too "training wheels"-ish but with dedicated focus, I do think you can gain understanding and depth. An issue is that sometimes the expected outputs in notebooks are not accurate, and when I submit I still get 100% even if some of my outputs did not match the expected. This is only true for later notebooks for the larger modules, typically smaller helper functions must match the expected output or you have made a mistake. Otherwise, lectures are in depth and nicely paced and explained. Can't wait to take more courses from these guys!
I enjoyed the lectures and practices in quizzes as well as programming assignments.  Even though the title of course sounds sophisticated, the pre-written codes in the following programming assignments were mostly completed and it was easy for beginners to follow up. However, it is still a great practice to help students understand the concepts of Neural networking etc. Overall, I am satisfied with the quality of how the lectures are being delivered and Andrew did accomplish teaching relevant lessons in a convincing way, and in the programming practice it includes various coding definitions to boost my understanding.
I went from really disliking this course to liking it, then the week 4 assignment was brutal. Still, I get a sense of satisfaction from completing this course. I feel like too much material got introduced in the assignments themselves and it would have been great to have a few more practice examples to work on in between these assignments. More bite-sized examples would have been great before getting slammed. Those assignments were pretty good, but could have been more guided. I would have also benefited from a thorough primer on matrix operations before diving into the assignments, and I'm sure others would as well.
The jupyther notebook is unreliable. I lost several time my assingment progress. After loosing 2h of work, I started copy pasting the whole notebook to a text file. I prefer working locally on my machine and submit the assignements.I took the original machine learning: coursera.org/learn/machine-learning, the material overlaps a bit, but it's usefull to get an update on the notation and advances in the field. Similar to the previous course, I'm not too sure what to do with the knowledge I got. I would appreciate some pointers on what to do next, how I can use what I have just learned to apply it to real problems.
The explanations and theory behind neural nets were pretty well delivered. I especially like the videos that go beyond the theoretical algorithms and help guide more intuitions about what the neural net is actually doing, e.g how subsequent layers of a network is essentially trying to reason about higher and higher level concepts.One thing about the programming exercises though, is that I feel the programming exercises are too prescriptive, often the entire exercise just requires writing 10-20 lines of code, and in some cases the content of what to write is (almost) written verbatim on the assignment itself.
A great intro to NN requiring only a basic understanding of linear algebra, calculus, and programming. The learning curve is very gentle, starting with the simplest example of a 1-node NN (logistic regression) and progressing to a NN with one hidden layer, then finally a deep NN. The programming assignments consist of filling in the critical lines of a program, with the program structure already provided.
For advanced students though, the course moves a little slowly and doesn't quite go deeply enough into the math.

 Everyone with basic math and programming skills should be able to get 100% in this course.
Very good course with the amazing Prof.Andrew, I just felt this course could use more elaboration specially in the programming assignments, I spend sometime on somethings that shouldn't take that long because of the poor elaboration (for example the cache in the last programing assignment, and the difference between the linear caching and the activation caching, I spent sometime to deduce that this was actually the task not just cache the Z, and since we don't code from scratch and we are obliged to code in a certain way (not a drawback), I just felt more elaboration is better, thank you all for the effort
In order to make the course one size fits all, I guess "some" of the mathematical rigor that is required to study ML/DL has been omitted. Can this be added as an optional exercise that motivated learners can do themselves. This could be theory based questions that you see in grad school exams. This would really help cement someone's understanding. Also things like Research papers to read/implement can be suggested as optional exercises. Anyway, I was thoroughly satisified with this course regardless. I hope you guys take note of the aforementioned suggestion and try to incorporate it in the next iteration.
The course videos are perfect. If you listen keenly as you take notes, you understand everything clearly without wasting time.However, in the course coding tasks, which are very important, the instructor leaves you alone with the python notebook! You are expected to read through and understand everything clearly or go for forum discussion or even do some external search. While I think this struggle is partially important, I believe I would have taken much less time to understand if the coding parts were explained as good as the video lectures, all within the course content.Anyway, I like this course!
I really enjoyed the course and The material is really nice. The assignments are structured such that a student would only need to implement key functions of a deep learning model while the overall architecture of the model is given. This method allows assignments to be fast and to the point but it also takes away some learning opportunities for why the functions are structured in that way or how to perhaps write your own from scratch. (i realize that may not be such a big deal since most people would use an existing library like tensorflow instead of writing their own deep learning infrastructure)
I had studied Machine Learning recently, and I could see many improvements in this course. Learning material seem to be more detailed, and Jupyter platform is very handy for learners. Only downside I experienced was that the assignments were too simple. Unlike the assignments in Machine Learning class, many of the variables were already given explicitly. It was kind for beginners but the learners need more room to think about the architectures of the program they are building considering this is an immediate course. Other than that, I truly appreciate such well-designed course materials. Thank you.
A well put together course that is a great primer following on from Andrew Ng's previous Machine Learning course. The use of Python as opposed to Octave is welcome. The interviews with a handful of AI luminaries is a nice touch and the course mentors are very responsive. The only downside is the surprisingly high number of errors in the lectures (usually in the form of mis-written notation) and the occasional awkward overloading of symbols so the same expression can mean different things without it always being clear that this is the case. Despite this a worth-while course to work through.
I got lost a bit in the programming assignments, but maybe is more a matter of personal approach. I normally like a top to bottom approach, getting the main idea and working through the details as the need to implement them arise. In this approach, bottom up, I felt like I has just following cooking instructions for some moments until the very end where everything falls into place.Apart from that, it was an awesome course. I like how Andrew Ng provides his explanations in a clear and concise manner. Going through the details and building step by step on a whole neural network, very nice!
First I want say very thanks to  coursera team and lots of thanks to Andrew Ng Sir. This is first step towards Deep learning and Neural Network. Its guided me how to start and make beautiful career in Deep learning and Neural Network. Video lecture are  awesome and the way Andrew Sir teaches its very impressive. Assignments are cleared the concept very well. I was enjoy this course.  Last interview section make this more worthy. By interview section we understand the possibility in the field of Deep learning and Neural network and current  scenario of this field. Thank you Andrew sir
The lectures are excellent and the content is very good but not excellent, in my experience, since some learning tools seem to be missing such as embedded quiz questions, which are found in Prof. Ng's other courses.  My main gripe is the hub tool.  I would much prefer to use my own development environment, and this one had a Python interpreter that regularly seemed to disconnect from the kernel.  My actions only made matters worse because the tool allows a proliferation of different run-able copies of the programming assignment.  I always had at least several, and it was confusing.
The theory is incredibly well explained. My gosh I wish more professors were half as good as Andrew at explaining. Really, heartfelt thanks for his work. The assignments are interesting, they let me create complex networks, however they are very, very guided, almost too much. I would prefer it to be less guided, without having to copy paste the codes from the instructions or from previous slides, maybe making the loops myself, and having more freedom in how variables are called. For example, instructions could be of the kind: implement function "compute_cost (AL, Y) -> float".
Extremely clear course, easy to follow for a hard topic (for me, at least) and enjoyable to watch. I recommend watching on speed X1.75 for the most part. It would be nice to have the videos corrected with some in-video annotation instead of correcting them in a before-video note reading 'at min 2:45 the text should be [...]'. Some minor annoyance are created because of the notebook sometimes not saving and grading glitches, but the forums will help you with such problems!Overall lovely course, I will recommend it to my friends. Can't wait to start the second one in the series!
although the programming assignment was good enough to make a person learn and implement NN from scratch, but a small mandatory project without any assistance should be provided so that the student actually learns the code (apart from the main code of implementation as in the prog. assignment). it gives kind of a completeness bcz when implementing anything on python, sometimes error occurs bcz correct library is not known, or correct function is not known or the syntax is not know. with a small mandatory project, student will also focus on the libraries and function syntaxes.
I found the content is very organized and engaging. Of course Andrew Ng is awesome as the instructor. But I found the assignments spoon fed me a lot. While I understood the basic concepts and got an idea of how to implement them from scratch, I thought I could have finished them without paying lot of attention. It would help if programming assignments are a bit more vague and unspecified, and let the students figure out the programming aspects of the problem because ultimately that is the goal of the course - to let students implement deep learning models all by themselves.
Context: Perhaps I'm not representative, because I've separately read up on deep learning before taking this course. I'm a computer scientist by training (though I  rarely use Python).Review: The course affords a good high-level conceptual overview of deep learning, and I found the programming assignments helpful. That said, the assignments were not very challenging and even after completing the course, I don't feel like I have enough expertise to apply the skills in this course to other problem domains. Perhaps the other courses in the specialization will help with that.
This course is fantastic. You learn SO much in such a short amount of time, and the way he explains it really makes sense! The only reason it lost a start is because of their automatic grader. I don't understand its criteria, but even if your function outputs EXACTLY what they want, it will still count it wrong if it's not done in the way they want. The problem? It doesn't give any feedback. So if your function outputs the exact right answer, it might just say "Sorry, that's incorrect" without any help at all as to WHY it's incorrect if you still output the right answer.
Really  well explained concepts. Maybe some previous knowledge on machine learning is required to fully grasp the concepts presented. The implementation in Python is also a plus.Some topics (I do not know if they are covered in further courses), that I miss in this course are:Explanation on how to choose the activation functionsDeeper explanation on how to choose the cost function or the loss functionI think these topics are what differentiate an expert in neural networks. As the implementation of models is already available in many libraries (tensorflow, keras, etc...)
The course is giving solid understanding in neural networks. I enjoyed watching the videos and working on the assignments. However, the course include clear instructions on how to run the assignments offline. Debugging the code will be a lot easier using an IDE like VS Code, PyCharm or Spider. Versions of Python packages (e.g. matplotlib version 2.0.0, scikit-learn version 0.18.1) are not supported by Anaconda anymore. It will be nice to update the Anaconda environment used in the course to make offline replication easier. That is the reason for the missing one star
Lectures were quite easy to understand and well explained. However, I would have found it perfect if Andrew had explained certain concepts early on (such as random initialization in a 2-level or deep neural network). Furthermore, the Jupyter notebook assignments were fine for the most part, although there were some bugs in debugging some of the functions. Overall this course gave me a good understanding of the working of Neural Networks in image recognition, and how math (especially vector algebra and calculus) plays a pivotal role in machine learning algorithms.
Good, but not as in-depth as Andrew Ng's original Machine Learning course.  Would have liked to see a complete derivation of the backprop equations for NN, and similar stuff - even if it was just optional material.  Also, the homeworks felt like mostly plugging function names into the right spots, while most of the nitty-gritty was given to us.  For instance, the relu_backward & sigmoid_backward functions.  I'd probably remember how to implement those better if I'd been forced to do it myself.Overall, though, a good course.  Many thanks to Prof Ng. and his staff!
Great introductory course. I enjoyed learning it and found the instruction to be a good level. My only criticism is that the practice notebooks were a little bit "plug and play." You pretty much were instructed to input a formula into a line, line-by-line. Nonetheless, I totally understand how this level was appropriate, and if the students truly had to create a neural network from scratch, it would be too hard. The teacher had a really good sense of which concepts would be challenging (e.g. keeping matrix dimensions straight) and emphasized those appropriately.
The content was good, though for someone with a good background in calculus it's rather simple. The failing of the course however is that the programming assignments are too easy: they hold the students hand throughout and it's quite possible to complete them without truly understanding the material.If I were to redesign the assignments, I would make it so that the student has to code functions from scratch rather than simply filling in details. This would make the assignments harder, but would also ensure that the student has actually understood the material.
Notebooks are always get an error, and to save it, you should start a new one and copy all your code you wrote after an error. Also, would be great to get some more intuition of why and how we getting good results from doing a bunch of ayers of linear operations + activations. I mean, some intuition, mabe from the different angles. The fact that "first layer computes edges, second layer computes part of the face and so on" is understandable, but too abstract and disconnected from the actual math. Other than that, thank you, Andrew and Coursera, that was great!
Great course for taking first steps in machine learning. I was surprised to see that it doesn't take huge and complex algorithms to build a learning neural network, but only a handful of mathematical functions molded into code. The underlying math is explained well, but only to a certain point. It is sufficient to complete the course, though. I definitely recommend this course, which has left me wanting more...The only nuisance I found is that the video captions contain many errors, which makes things unnecessarily hard, especially for non-native speakers.
Solid content, probably the best way to learn about deep learning. There was a good mix of technical explanation and hands-on practice at the end of each assignment. The only real criticism I have to offer is that some concepts are not covered completely. I found myself going to the forums to better understand what W and b actually represented. I also wish there had been some brief discussion on how the data sets were created. Knowing this would have better helped me understand conceptually how to better work through the entire process for my own projects.
I liked very much the flow of the course as well as the exercises. The videos give a good understanding of the intuition of Neural Networks and a basic explanation of the mathematics involved.The exercises give you a good idea for the implementation of the algorithm and I believe that you need to actively study them in order to get the full value of learning. One could easily go through the requested coding without doing much thinking that is crucial to understanding what they are implementing.Overall it is a very good introductory course for the subject.
Andrew Ng is an excellent teacher, providing a good foundation for working with neural networks, though right now it is at a very superficial level where you get the basics, and hope that there is more material that will cover why certain concepts were chosen over others, and perhaps even more theory and reasoning why a neural network performs the way it does. My only minor gripe is that the coding assignments for this course, are rarely challenging, and they do not really require much thought, at least for someone who is used to using Python and Numpy.
Very good for understanding the basic underlying structure of how neural networks work. I especially enjoyed the application at the end of the course. Personally, I would not recommend this course to people who are weak in math. Most of the video lectures are about the how the algorithms work mathematically. While he says throughout this lectures that math is not important, I would disagree and say that you definitely need some basic understanding of the math involved (calculus, linear algebra). It would help a great deal with the programming exercises.
As a Statistician I found the course was pretty intuitive. I don´t give 5 stars for 2 reasons: 1) It was really annoying when working with subtitles as they cover important equations in the videos 2) Everything could have been easier if you explained in terms of linear algebra. Also notation was pretty confusing as it was sometimes different as the used in videos. One simple example is when Andrew Ng explains that input layer doesn´t count and then you count it at the questions section. Everything else was fine. Lets see how it goes with the next course
This was a great introductory course into the mechanics behind Deep Learning. I have implemented my own programs in the past using higher level APIs and it was nice to go in and code the entire process myself, I definitely think I gained a deeper understanding of the fundamentals after this course.My only complaint is that some of the problems in the workbook were "too" structured. Meaning, the answer was given to us and we didn't have to do much thinking in order to come up with it.All in all it was a great course and I would recommend it to anyone!
I had high expectations so was maybe a little disappointed by the support offered on the course. While the coding isn’t generally too challenging, if you get stuck, you get very stuck. The mods aren’t particularly helpful or friendly from a lot of the responses I saw.Week 4 felt like quite a repeat of week 3, making some questions in week 3 harder than they needed to be (because you aren’t fully au fait with the material).Andrew Ng is fantastic, very reassuring and takes his time in the right places.It’s a very good course, but a 4.9? Maybe not.
Excellent course. Thank you Prof. Ng. Would have given 5 stars, but there were a few mistakes in the programming lessons. Nearly everyone struggled for several hours because of the "typos in the hints section(s)" - you will see many people's comments on the forum. That being said, still I recommend this course - it's great overview and we get some practical programming experience. I'd recommend having your TA's create more tutorials on numpy and upload some material that shows step by step what some of the often used numpy matrix math is doing.
I loved the pace, the content, and the clear explanation. The only think that can be improved is the programming assignment. As a software architect and developer, I like to see the bigger picture first (I mean the context of how a function is going to be used before starting writing it. So I was reading assignments from bottom to top. A flow diagram or a sequence diagram would be perfect. But the course is amazing guys, keep the good work. Never thought I would deeply learn Neural Nets with such few iterations. You trained my neurons well :D
The lectures were good but it seemed like there was a little bit too much handholding during the programming excercises. As a result I am not sure I could replicate blind all of the code involved without a lot more practice... meaning that I understand all of the steps involved but I would have to reference all of the equations to be able to do it. There was a lot of "fill in the blank" kind of work in the programming excercises, where what needed to be written was basically given above in the description of the function or in the comments.
It's brilliant!  The pace is great.  I am a bit concerned that too much effort is put on implementing functions that are readily available in any framework.  Some of them are just conversions that after I implemented the formulas and checked the results I just moved on.  Maybe this is super-critical.  I guess we'll see.  Really enjoying the style.  Highly recommended.    I think a side by side implementation with a framework would be beneficial even at the beginning.  Had I not been reading Chollet I would have panicked after this lecture.
I enjoyed the course but there is a fair amount of overlap with the original ML course so if you have completed that then there is not so much new content in this course for you. Most of the time is spent explaining how to build a generalized NN which is fine but not so challenging for anyone who is already a competent software developer. That said it is handy to do this course as it has some good tips on debugging / sanity checking your implementation as well as some updated mathematical notation the compared with the original ML course.
If you are not familiar at all with neural networks, you may be a little lost at first with how it jumps right into it, using calculus and matrix math.  But if you are able to follow along, and if you put in the effort, you will learn a lot about neural networks.The assignments help you learn how to program it.  There is a bit of hand holding in the assignments, which allows the student to take baby steps toward the goal of programming neural networks.I would recommend this to anyone wanting to learn machine learning or neural networks.
It was a good course. Most of what was taught in Andrew NG's Stanford ML Course was repeated here. Some content was in-depth while others were only briefly touched. The math could've been explained in a more clear method, but it was fine. The programming exercises are where this course lacks. The Stanford courses were challenging, but here the exercises are way too easy. There are too many hints and removes any sense of achievement from completing assignments. I am rounding my 3.5 stars to 4 because there is no half star measurement.
There are pretty much of repetitions in the course - it annoys a bit. In fact, 80% of the material overlaps with Machine Learning by Andrew Ng course. For people new to ML and DL - should be a nice introduction. Regarding the programming assignments - some of the tasks require magical python tricks in order to makes dimensions match. For people new to Python it might be a problem. If one catches the idea of doing strictly what is expected, using previously coded functions, there won't be too much time loosing for finding bugs.
This course gives an introduction (and only an introduction) to what neural networks are. I think the videos are informative if you start the course knowing nothing about neural networks. And it's good for the understanding that the assignments make you code your own neural network instead of using libraries like tensor flow. But clearly for people with experience with machine learning (calculus, python) the course may be over simplified. For example, there were too much repetitions on how you vectorize your implementation.
This is a nice introduction to neural networks but there were three things which should be changed: First, I would have liked to see the derivation of backpropagation in detail.  Second, the exercises were a bit too easy.  After completing the exercises I did not have the feeling of truly having implemented a neural network.  After all, the gaps that I have filled were rather small when compared to the complete program. Third, those parts of the program that were provided by the instructors have not been properly explained.
It's been a very pleasant experience through out this Course, much like Andrew Ng's original ML course, it's very well constructed to suit a wide range of students with different level of skills. However, I'd like to see more real-world application like assignments, i.e. write more code from scratch instead of filling the blanks. Also better parameter and variable naming in the last week's back-propagation assignment will be nice. Overall this class is very good, I would recommend it to my friends and co-workers to take it.
Andrew did a great job explaining concepts again (I've already taken the Machine Learning course). Great introduction needing only very basic pre-knowledge. Good for learning Python.Some rooms for improvements:*Think  online jupyter notebook was not the best editor. More room for self learning with the Machine Learning course with the Matlab setup.*To me, the focus on algebra and matrix-operations was too basic. I graduated with a masters degree within applied math five years ago. Would be useful to know the pre-requisite.
The course was a good overview of NN and deep learning.  Possible improvements: 1)  The structure of the notes/pdfs/ppt is a little non-intuitive.  The only way to access them is by scrolling down from the videos.  I liked the Machine Learning course format better, where the notes were all neatly arranged under the Resources.2) I didn't get any responses to questions on the discussion forum.  Again in the machine learning course the Mentor's responded very quickly.  But, in this course, the questions went unanswered.
This is a well-explained course that introduces Neural Networks and Deep Learning to beginners. It focuses on basic concepts and its python implementation. In-depth knowledge was optional. Andrew Ng explains things well and interactively. He sometimes also repeats the concepts again and again making it helpful for a beginner. The assignments however I feel could have been more challenging rather than fill in the blanks, with most of the code already written.  I also liked the interviews with the pioneers & experts.
Great intro to neural networks. Andrew explains topics really well, even the more difficult math concepts. I like that the homework was straightforward and easy to understand - the use of iPython notebooks makes it easy to work through.I only wish that the homework was a bit more difficult, especially the final projects. It was good at the start that we were walked through things, but by the end it was way too easy, and I would've liked some more difficult practice, especially since you can retry it multiple times.
Good course, but it is somehow outdated by 2 years I think, in the way there are so many frameworks (Comparison_of_deep_learning_software in wiki) and you do not need to do any gradients or forwardprop, backprop. But for comprehensive understanding how mashine learning works ,it is a great great course.Maybe it is a suggestion for a course or specialization upgrade to add 6 course about all these frameworks like Chainer, Keras, TF, MXNet, I do not know. Or maybe additional one week in this course about frameworks.
Overall, it is a very good course for beginners, especially the fact that the programming exercises have small tests in multiple places to help you verify the correctness of your code in small increments. But, one thing that I found a little annoying was too much explanation, documentation, and instructions in the programming exercises. Now, this might be because I have had some background in deep learning before, but I think a little brevity in the programming exercises might help to make your progress smoother.
Great introduction to the inner workings of a neural net. Some of the programming assignments were a little too much copy/paste for my liking (would have preferred to derive more of the code, rather that just translate maths -> programming - as it felt like cheating), but that's nitpicking.  The overall course was good and Andrew NG is a great lecturer.  The optional "Heroes of Deep Learning" videos were interesting and have certainly encouraged me to continue with the rest of the courses in this AI/ML series.
Over all i would rate this course a 3.5* - 4* for the following reasonsThis course is kind of abstract for people who have lost touch with calculus. Some of the things explained in this course are a good introduction to Neural networks. On the other hand some more deep diving is required from the student's end to get a firmer grip on the fundamentals of Neural networks and Deep learning.In some of the places the audio is clearly inaudible and the video lectures arent available in printable form all the time.
Make the coding exercises more flexible - right now it feels like a lot of copying and pasting, without need for much thought. The one part that required thought was actually very tricky to figure out - because it had little in the way of an explanation (I think it was the second or third last question in the first exercise of the final week) - this one question could've done with more explanation.One possibility would be to introduce more optional programming questions that leave more for the learner to do.
I really enjoyed the lessons. Andrew Ng is really good at making the concepts easily understandable. First time I really grasped the concept of NN. But the programming exercises are not really programming exercises. They are more like a puzzle where you have given XYZ and you have to choose the right parts and put them together. It was nice being able to play with NN in a Jupyter Notebook but don't be fooled and think that you are programming a NN, you are just putting together the pieces that already exist.
Thanks a lot to lecturer for very good and detailed explanations! I like that You've added extra optional videos with math background, as applied math student I really like this.But I think that practical assignments are to easy, sometimes it is just enough to copy-paste text from above the code area... I think that there are more than enough info in lectures, so there is no need to make practice tasks so easy.Again, thanks a lot for your effort, really got something new that my University couldn't give me.
generatlly i really like the structure of this course. As i applied for financial support and got it luckily. I really care about my programming in details. After finishing this course, i would like to say that i got basically idea of deep learning. How is the structure. However, i found this whole programming still little chaotics. I don mean the structure is not good, but the notebook always make me forget or confused since too much words on the website.anyway , thanks for providing such a good course !
It was a fantastic course. It got me started with neural networks, so a big thank you for this course.I would have liked it if the proofs for dZ^[l], dW^[l], etc. were also discussed in the course. I eventually did work it out themselves and I did not find them to be too complex. Of course, it requires good familiarity with matrices and calculus, but that's alright. An optional video could have been dedicated for it. Using formulas with proofs is more satisfying than using them without knowing the proofs.
The course is extremely helpful, the classes are "deep" enough for good understanding of the mechanisms behind a Neural Network. Loved the construction of the subject matter by going through logistic regression and then evolving until we get to Multi Layer Neural Network. Assignments could be more challenging, as it fell a lot of copy and paste from the instructions in the Jupyter Notebook. Looking forward to the next courses until the end of the Deep Learning Specialization. Andrew, you are amazing!!!
This course servers as a brilliant introductory level deep learning course. You can gain insight on what is deep learning and you will learn how to implement simple neural networks with Python (and numpy). However, this course is not that mathematically concrete. If you want truly understand the mathematical principles, perhaps this course is not your best choice. And I recommend books like Deep Learning, Foundations of Machine Learning. These book will provide you a solid mathematics background.
Having just taken the Machine Learning course, this was again useful.  Andrew Ng is a very good instructor; clear, intuitive and easy to listen to.  I dropped a star here because there was a lot of repetition from the ML course, albeit with subtly different notation.  So some extraction of just the new nectar was required.  Overall, this course reinforced the DL aspects of the ML course and went further.  So I can recommend this course too as I look forward to the second in this specialisation.
I think the course has great material, but I agree with the most important complaint I have seen here. The programming exercises are just to easy to complete, a lot of the code is given, so you didn't have to think too much on how to structure your knowledge to implement the algorithms learned in the course. I think it will much more helpful if it had few quizzes of medium/hard difficulty after some topics in each week. And also if it had a much bigger and challenging programming exercises.
I strongly recommend going first through Machine Learning course. Otherwise with basic knowledge of linear algebra and python, learner can pass this course without a problem, but potentially fail to gain deeper understanding.I somehow missed bigger challenge. Maybe it is because of already having background with Machine Learning course, or maybe because challenges are increased with upcoming courses within this specialization.I like that this course actually included Python, and not Octave.
Very helpful. My only suggestion would be that the instructor makes the leap from theory to optimization too soon. In other words, I think a programming assignment with for-loops would help to convey the concepts better rather than jumping right into matrix manipulation with numpy. That said, it is a good course and I would recommend it. If you have time, watch the optional videos with the "heroes of deep learning." They're fun and also surprisingly informative about the history of AI.
The course was good. The concepts were clear but when it comes to practice neural network programming, we need more practice. The practice problems are good but after solving them I couldn't able to think of new problems to solve. I really don't know where to start and how? Back propagation calculations could have been thought in a better way for complete beginners in programming perspective. But overall, it was really a good experience to study neural networks under Mr. Andrew Ng.
Great course; I'm hooked! Only bad experience I had is the Notebooks website would throw "405" errors randomly and the only way to fix that was to copy my progress to a local "TXT" file, close the Notebooks tab and relaunch the exercise again. Once opened, would have to copy again all the code that wasn't saved and then manually run all block until I was at the point where I was inputing code.Extremely frustrating to have to break my workflow and do that 3 times in an hour or so...
Great teacher (as always) and good videos, but I found the exercises way too simple. The required code was usually only one or two lines, and it became more of a pattern matching problem than to actually understand and implement the neural networks.I also wish there were more quiz question on the videos (the first week had more than the other weeks). This keeps you alert during the videos and is great for learning. The final exercise was great, but more coding would be even better!
NOTE: When working on the Jupyter HW assignments MAKE SURE YOU SAVE OFTEN. If there is a break in your internet connection a lot of the time you do not reconnect exactly. If you complete the assignment and submit it while in this state the last save file is submitted. Due to this I have "Failed" HW assignments even though all of the work was technically completed. If you close the webpage or refresh it it will load the last saved work as well. You will loose all of your progress.
The course is an excellent introduction to neural networks and deep neural networks. The first 2 projects are great as they force you to implement a neural network, so you get to better understand the forward and backward propagation, but a lot of the code is already made for you. It gets worst later, where you start to reuse the code from projects 1 and 2 and you find yourself copy/pasting most of the time. The projects were not challenging enough but the rest is really good.
Excellent instructions, well explained. The excercies /graders are a bit too simple in my opinion (but perhaps I was expecting a bit more Python programming). One thing is that it remains a bit of a mystery to me, whats going on on the inside during the classification process (e.g. how does the program learn that something is a cat or not?). Hope to somehow be able to understand that better. Maybe lateron in hte course.   But overall very good introduction into the subject.
Excellent course, felt that it was a great introduction into Deep NN's. Would give a 5/5 if I didn't feel that it had a little too much "hand-holding" on the assignments. That being said, my suggestion is to take the time to try and construct a neural network at the level you have learned so far from absolute scratch (Open up your favorite IDE and try to write it up without reference). This will give you greater confidence for future implementations in your own projects.
I appreciated that it walked me through the steps to making a deep learning algorithm. Even if I never do it from scratch again, I have an understanding of what's going on under the hood. I'm a newbie to Python, and so also appreciated that the assignments scaffolded the programming part enough that I could focus on the machine learning concepts.My criticism is technical- the captions on the videos (somewhat ironically) had many errors, including important terminology.
The course material is great.I only have 2 complains:Sometimes there are typos (eg in the last assignment notebook).I feel awkward when the teacher states "this is the formula, don't worry how it's derived". I understand that for this I'll need to know calculus (which I have no idea how it maps to Greek math education where I come from) but I would like to have at least a link like "here's another course which deconstructs the derivations" so I can feel more confident.
The course was good.  However, on problem is that you learn how to do binary classification only.  Cat or non-cat picture.  But what about multiple classification?  The other problem is that exercises are structured in such a way that you quickly forget the overall picture because of doing many small functions so you forget where and how exactly they fit in.  The one before last exercise in the fourth week was a tremendous struggle.  Expect to spend hours on that one.
Course is great and had I not finished Machine Learning from Andrew Ng before I would have probably given it 5 stars. It is just that Machine Learnig one set the bar so high!!! Having said that I do not say that people should go to the Machine Learning one. They are covering different topics so which one you take depends on what would you like to learn! All in all, great overview of how neural networks work and as always with Andrew Ng, very very structured approach.
It would be great if the authors provided some tips on how to code a neural network yourself in a blank Python environment. The programming exercises in their current form are good for understanding the concepts but it is fairly difficult to build something similar from scratch, without the supporting code / functions in the background. For example, being a complete novice, I struggle with importing data into Python and making it ready for a deep learning analysis.
Really Gives you In-Depth knowledge of Neural Network and the math behind it. I was reluctant to think about the math or moreover make a neural network by myself. This course guided me through these fear of mine and now I am happy that I took this course. and Remember that no matter if you don't understand the derivatives part (Backpropagation) (I didn't too )you don't need to remember the equation you just need to understand the bigger picture of the derivatives.
Great course to have an intuition and gain mathematic insight into Neural Networks. Good initiation to Python programming too!I suggest  the authors develop the intuition a bit more (e.g. something like the video showing how different layers capture different degrees of complexity in the data). Maybe by adding a video mixing some shallow mathematics with more conceptual intuition. Quite challenging I know, but I think this could make this course even better :)
Great course! The instructor goes into good detail and and the assignments are structured in a way that encourages learning. As a Stanford alum, I can vouch for the quality of this course (with some areas to improve, of course!). One suggestion to improve the course would be to go more in depth on the intuition for why neural networks make sense as a non-linear statistical learning method, for example in a 1-d learning space (learning a non-linear function).
A good crash course on implementing all of the interesting bits of a multi-layer NN from 'scratch' in python. I feel like a lot of the math was glazed over (which probably was the right call) but I would have preferred more optional videos going into the calculus deeper for those interested. Additionally the programming assignments were way too structured/easy compared to the previous ML class in octave that was a bigger challenge and I think I learned more.
Very good source of information. The tutor is obviously knowledgeable and delivers a clear explanation of the topic. Some parts are a bit repetitive: e.g the indexing conventions. The slides are available for download, which is great, but as the tutor writes them by hand, they end up very busy and messy, therefore not very usefull as reference material. The programming practice are great to show how to implement NNs but could be made a bit more challenging.
The explanation of jupyter notebooks was quite less compared to the complexities of the fuction and the function calling other function and to keep track of each variable, learning in the videos in one thing and in practical is another if possible please update the course with detailed explantion of the variable relation used in the jupyter notebook, to keep track of each variable, its shape and its working and functioning and use in another function call.
It is a great introduction to deep learning for those having a science background and also for people who didn't major in science/engineering subjects. After the course, the former will be aware of the mathematical foundations of deep learning, get their hands on it and keep learning thanks to the intuition that the course provides. The latter will be able to have a high level understanding of the maths behind while being able to building models that work.
Pretty strong introduction to neural networks. This feels like a classroom course and Prof Ng takes his time to slowly introduce and develop concepts. When I did my undergrad, neural networks courses were reserved for comp sci students with high grades and I always felt like it was too difficult to understand for us normal folks. Thanks to Prof Ng to make such complex matters accessible to all as well as structure it in such a remarkably intuitive fashion.
Almost a 5-star. Overall a great course. Very much recommended. But one detail bothers me a lot – the explanation of the formulas for the back propagation in a neural network is quite confusing. And even though it is a hard topic, is it also the core of the whole back propagation algorithm for DNN training. I would like it to be properly explained at least as an optional reading. Also with respect to all the activation functions shown in the videos before.
I think the content in this course was solid and I consider Mr. Ng to be a very pleasant lecturer. However I cannot in good conscience give 5/5 here as I had a lot of technical problems with the exercises where my progress in the playbooks was not saved properly. Judging by the discussion in the forums I wasn't the only one with this problem, and I was able to work around it by restarting the playbook regularly. Still would recommend this course though!
Over a great start and helps to develop confidence in understanding and building NN. I found labelling of parameters confusing and inconsistent. At times it's x or a0, or y_hat or AL. Also the shorthand for partial derivatives made it difficult to follow and confusing in the slides. It also makes it easy to mix W and dW up for example. I made this mistake and it took a long time to spot that I added the d where I shouldn't have.Otherwise, great course.
I'd like it if the programming assignments were a bit less structured, since I feel like there's some small details which I ignored throughout the course, like getting the value of test cases from the shape of the X matrix, due to them already being written down. While I understood the general concepts, if I were to implement a neural network from the ground up, the lack of knowledge about this little details would certainly make things more difficult
The content itself is great. You really get a good grasp of the concepts for neural networks and how to configure them. The quizzes offer a good level of challenge. However, the programming exercises should provide a little more knowledge check. They consist of mainly adding a line of code or two and you are being told what to add and the real challenge comes from remembering some parameters that you need to set for numpy to do what you are expecting.
The lectures are straight to the point and very informative. The quizzes pay attention to detail and are challenging. I really like the notebook idea for the programming assignments. There are text blocks describing the exercise and code snippets that you can run live. Amazing! The only criticism that I have is that the programming assignments are a little bit too easy. Sometimes the code you write is already given to you and all you do is copy/paste.
This course is really interesting and well explained. The only thing I would try to change is the assignments which in some cases should be less trivial. I mean that the assignments are great, but the explanation of the exercises reveals too much information and the student can just translate the explanation in code. In my opinion, it would be better to have less explanations and make the learner to think more. Anyway, I highly recommend this course.
Great content. However would recommend taking the ML course by Andrew Ng first before embarking on this one as there are a lot of things like logistic regression etc which follows from that course.One downside was the jupYter notebook which was very buggy - the save function kept on failing. Caution is hence required while doing assignments and i would suggest to keep saving your work after every cell just to keep the kernel alive.Happy ML and NN!!
Very good course to understand the basics about neural networks. The only thing I missed was they do not pay attention to regression neural networks. Nearly all examples and videos are based on classifications problems. Things like regression metrics should be covered.I also would have explained more avoid local minima, how likely you can fell in them and how to solve that.Anyway, great job and thank you for offering this course. It helped me a lot
It's a good course, I learned so much, I guess it could be better if it encourages and give good practices to the students to build an entire learning algorithm in their own machines, I mean, Jupyter Notebook is good but in the future we going to need to apply this algoritms by ourselves in different environments and in the notebooks there are so many things that are already done so I guess it could be trickly when we try to do all by ourselves.
This is a great intro to deep learning. After going through a few "welcome" courses I have found this to be the most useful. it is not too technical, and Andrew gives you all the math you need. As I am not too afraid from calculus I expanded a bit on my own notebook. The exercises are leading you very easily into building deep learning networks step by step, and were limited a bit as they force you to write the code as the staff meant you too.
This is a good introductory course for deep-learning and can get someone up to speed even if they start from zero. Programming the neural network is fun and classifying my own cat photo at the end was quite satisfying.That said, the course is bit low level for someone with some Statistics/ML experience. Fortunately, the chain rule (otherwise known as forward/back propagation) is hardly one of the most difficult derivations in machine learning.
This is a great course, it offers insights into the underlaying mechanisms of neural networks without being overwhelmed by tons of maths. I enjoyed the fact that the assignments are clear and that we get instant feedback on our code. This is by far the best online course I've ever registered for. The only downside is the quality of the audio recording, it's really not great. But if you can go beyond that, the content is there. don't hesitate.
A to-the-point practical introduction to neural network and deep learning. It is successful at enabling students to understand the intuition behind concepts such as gradient descent, forward/backward propagation, hidden layers, neurons, etc. Some linear algebra and calculus is highly recommended to understand the mathematics behind formulas. For those who like a more theoretical approach with proofs, unfortunately this course may not satisfy.
I enjoyed the teaching, and i really understood the neural networks in depth, however i am dissapointed with the programming assignment, everything seems to be done for you only for you to put in a few lines of code. It doesnt allow you to be creative but to follow in the same line of thought it has been giving to you.Personally i dont code like that, so i found it a bit difficult following the line of thought, but the theory was excellent
Quite good introductory course. The lectures are clear and easily allow to get a basic understanding of how deep NN works and how fun it is to implement them. The programming assignments are quite easy, but also quite interesting. Surely they show a clean and tidy implementation of NN and provide a good programming example for those who wants to experiment more by themselves. I am quite tempted in following the other specialization courses
Good content. You do understand the core and most used concepts of Shallow and Deep Neural Networks. At first the switches between mathematical / numpy notations was distracting but you get used to it. Also, some videos even at high res are a bit blurry and the quizzes kick in before the end of the video(week 1). Maybe adding some optional videos as refresher of derivatives might be a good idea(but you can easily find them elsewhere). 4/5
This was a very good course to learn the basic principles of neural networks.  At first, it seemed like there was a bit too much assistance on the programming exercises.  However, over time, you come to realize that it is just breaking down the material into bite-size chunks.  There are a few tools which can do a lot of this work for you (e.g. PyTorch and TensorFlow).  This course is more of a mix of AI theory and programming practice.
It is a good introductory course. However, I think the assignments have too much guidance. This surely improves the grades and shortens the time spent, but I consider it actually hinders the learning of the algorithms. Also, it would have been nice a derivation of the backprop algorithm for the general case (maybe as an optional video, where you show how to use the chain rule for several variables).By the way. I loved the interviews.
The material is made to be very accessible without sacrificing too much of the details of the underlying theory on how Neural Networks work. I give 4 stars because I think the assignments were lacking in interactivity and clarity. There was very little discussion about what exactly was achieved by training the network, and the how well the network performed, with examples from the training/test set. I would like to see more on this.
Excellent instruction. There are some 'disconnects' in learning between the lectures and the programming. Some focus is on caches that are more about getting loops correct. As a former educator I appreciate the template approach to programming and believe it fits a thread that we are unaware of in just the first course. All in all, this is a highly recommended course. It teaches you deep learning from an under-the-hood perspective.
The lectures are great, highly informative and well-delivered. The programming assignments are a tad on the easy side, but probably at a good level for python beginners. The only downside is that I felt like I was really only wrangling python syntax, and not really getting a good feel for coding the solutions. On a high note, the ipython notebooks were great, I imagine it would have been nightmare to implement this any other way.
The course is good, but has some flaws. The qualify of Ng's audio recordings is somewhat low and noisy. I personally found the math to be really heavy, and the style that it is taught in to be complicated. He goes for a long time before making references back to concrete examples and flies through areas that are simplified with a "if you know this from calculus, you know that...". The programming assignments are tough but solid.
The following course was fairly thorough with it's explanation and the concept behind deep learning. The video lectures were beneficial. Overall, a very good course. The only downside I felt was that the code shown should've been explained a bit more profoundly especially in the fourth week's first assignment. Would highly recommend this course for anyone interested in Deep Learning and fairly introduced to Python programming.
Videos are extremely informative and well laid out. There are a few minor typos but for the most part Andrew Ng is an excellent instructor. Thanks for putting this together! I learned a lot.I wish the programming assignments were a little less structured. I found that the main challenge was not implementing the concepts presented in the videos, but understanding the frameworks and functions provided for me in the notebooks.
This is a well-designed introduction to deep learning. The flow of ideas in the lectures is very clear. I have mixed feelings about the programming assignments. On one hand, I've learned some good coding practices from the way the Jupyter notebooks were set up. On the other hand, I felt that the answers were spoon-fed to me, and it was too easy to write correct code while not really thinking critically about the concepts.
The course explains the basics of deep learning and neural networks pretty well, being really concise in some moments, though in others it feels like it loses the point a bit with too many derivatives and mathematical notions. It's like at some points it wants to delve deeper in linear algebra and explain the mathematical background, and others it just goes straight to the point and dismiss the mathematics behind it all.
I like the course but sometimes the trade-off between dense mathematical explanations and formulas and the practical part was not good. And please, get rid of hand-written notations, it's just horrible and incomprehensible at times Andew Ng! It would also help to have a companion book with clear written notation besides the slides, which are the same bad ones from the video classes, this is main pain point of the course.
It was a good refresher course on the topic of Deep Learning for those who took Machine Learning and a good introduction course for Deep Learning in general. The assignments were rather self-explanatory if the description was read carefully, which some might not perceive as a challenge. I can imagine however that providing more freedom in such assignments also opens the door to problems downstream in grading the answers.
Was it not a bit too guided? I understand that it can get very hard to follow instructions if the equations aren't given, but at times (especially when I was tired) I really doubted whether I was understanding and writing/implementing code or just copying instructions and seeing it work out...I only understood every matrix operation looking back after implementing the code. I'm not sure whether everyone will do so..
Pro: Very good course that provides a good base line for getting insight into Neural Networks. The programming exercises are well structured and well explained.Cons: There should be more programming exercises and in some cases the programming exercise just boils down to copy&pasting something from the explanation to the code (maybe with minimal changes, e.g., changing the variable name "alpha" to "lwarning rate").
besides the apparent merits other people has mentioned, this course lacks a big chunk of math that is required to truly understand the material. The core backpropagation formula was only given as a "just accept it" fact (with a little bit intuitional explanation though). I would suggest an optional, matrix derivative based deduction of the those formula could be given  (or at lease pointed to as a side material).
It's definitely an amazing course just like the previous Andrew Ng machine learning course. However the programming assignments seemed to be very easy. It's like out of 100 lines of code, you need to write just 4 lines. Other lines are already written. So you get a sense of feeling that you learnt how to code neural net. But if I ask you to code it again from scratch in python, you will not be able to. 100% sure.
If you are a beginner level in the deep learning
field, I think this is suitable lecture for you. Prof Andrew Ng is kind and
always gives students a splendid explanation. I enjoyed following this lecture and
doing some assignments. But, I think his mathematical explanation can be considered
to be insufficient in some points. I think, If there are more mathematical proofs,
this lecture can be more understandable.
The course provides a lot of information about neural networks and machine learning. The assignments are fairly straightforward and provide a good intro to implementing neural networks in Python. What would be really great is to have some material that goes a bit deeper on the bigger picture of the implementation of neural network (for example, more details on the concepts of backward prop would have been great)
It seems like sometimes, the whole work in the programming assignment is done by the creators and leaving out some petty stuff for the students. When students need to learn something, I think it is advisable that they need to get some brief introduction on how the code works, why those libraries are imported and some hard coding by the students themselves to get a brief and technical understanding of the topic.
The course elaborates on the mathematical background of the computational methods used for machine learning, as well as demonstrates how this learning is done in practice. However, implementing the code in the exercises, I often felt I just need to "fill in the missing part" in a greater scheme built for me, in a way that sometimes diverted me from dealing and comprehending what exactly is going on in the code.
There are many many ML or DL courses out there, but few who tackle the mathematics behind it like the ones from Andrew Ng. As a "bad" thing, the programming assignments were rather easy in my opinion, all there was to do was follow the instructions and there was little room for creativity or exploring. I feel capable of writing the code again but not to fix bugs which may have arisen while developing the code
i will give this course 4 stars out of 5I already did the Machine learning course and i really think that this course is not better than the 2 weeks of the other , BUT what i like of this course is that it is better explained the notation and it uses python rather than matlab... but very weak on backpropagation concepts compared to the ML course or Geofrey hilton oneyou can easily do this course in 1-2 weeks
I definitely enjoyed this course even though I was worried that I am a beginner in ML, but Andrew explained everything from scratch. Some people warned me that the course is too "mathy", but I found that the amount of calculus and math is okay for me, and sometimes I skipped the basic calculus parts, but overall, I am really glad about this course and looking forward for the next one in this specialization.
The overall course was quite good , especially the way Dr Ng worked through linear algebra and the calculus fundamentals core to the NN architecture and performance. The python notebooks were also very useful . One suggestion would be to provide a bit more background behind some of the python modules and libraries that are being used to the support the programs and calling them from one notebook to another.
I really like the course and Professor Ng makes the subject approachable and easy to understand. However the Quiz Questions with "check all that apply" responses always trump me and I get less than 20% complete. These "check all that apply" questions really discourage me from going on because I feel inadequate 'stupid'  and have to constantly check my work rather than demonstrate any mastery of the subject.
Instructor talks and teach in a lucid manner. Concepts are very well explained. But course doesn't move much forward as it should in 4 weeks. ML course's by Prof. Andrew NG is much better than this. One reason for that is good support for that course.Overall, I can say is that the course provide good fundamentals for structure of neural networks. I hope that later courses in the specialization do better.
Andrew Ng was excellent at explaining the intuition behind Neural Networks and Deep Learning - especially the complicated calculus and matrix mathematics- in terms anyone could easily understand. Coding projects were excellent at learning how to implement NN and DLs using Python - and I write this as some one who has had limited experience with Python. All in all, an excellent introduction to the topic.
Really an awesome instructor and very lucid explanation about the algorithms through the videos. Just a suggestion, if there were programming tutorials too, for creating the models from scratch, it would have been very helpful. I had basic idea about for loops, as was pre-requisite of the course, but had trouble at times, understanding some parts of how the programs in the programming exercise worked.
The course is extremely well explained and the programming assignments are well guided.I find them a bit too guided in a sense that we don't struggle much to complete them, so we learn less. Maybe all the tips or the code preparation could be reduced a bit , or different levels or difficulty could be defined.It would be nice to have the same 'slide recap' as there was in the 'machine learning' course.
A good refresher and a bit more for Andrew Ng's machine learning course. Could be more succinct and programming assignment have a lot of "plug the right function". Really, the last 2 weeks take a long time to cover a concept that's a neat extension of week 1 and 2. I'd either condense the material a bit or add more maths background to explain the derivatives that are currently left as magic formulas.
I got confused with the notations quite frequently, although the guide for them is available, it would have been better if you can explain the vectorization process using some small matrices and actually solving them (just for intuition) So that we have a better idea of the overall process being carried out for a huge data set. Kudos for the efforts of the team, thank you so much for this course !
Great course, very smooth flow. Questions asked were covered by the course materials, so it is not difficult to score a 100%. If there's anything that can be improved, would be to remove some of the guiding comments (such as providing help on function inputs) so as to allow the student to think more about the inputs. Answers provided after every graded function helps to keep the student on track!
Really great course - I find Andrew Ng's videos really clear and helpful. 4* rather than 5* because I'd like slightly more challenging programming exercises (they could be optional). Because your hand is held throughout them I find myself switching off a bit and relying on just plugging params into functions. I appreciate that this is the first course so maybe this will change on the next course!
This course introduces the fundamentals of Neural Networks and Deep Learning. The practice quizzes help solidify the content learned through the videos. While the content encourages intuitive thinking, the step-by-step guidelines in the assignments helped me to better understand how theory is put into practice (in this case how Neural Networks are implemented for simple practical applications).
I had completed the machine learning course offered by Stanford University, taught by Andrew Ng on Coursera. There isn't much to learn in this course after that course. Most of the topics are covered in that course. I thought this course will take my understand to the next level. But this isn't the case here.Course otherwise is great, course material, assignments, lectures, everything is great.
I think the assignments involved somewhat too much hand-holding. I believe students would learn more from a format where, for example, lecture notes were available in PDFs (e.g., containing forward and backward propagation formulae and, optionally, their derivations) and Python assignments were open-ended and less "step-by-step". I realize this would be more challenging to administer, however.
Nice course, very well presented and structured to get a basic understanding on how neural networks work and how to implement them. The way the programming assignments are rated is a bit strict, do not let you tinker too much with code. I would suggest to let the students to code their part, and then offer a solution/suggestion on how it should be coded.Good Job to the instructors, well done.
This was a very good and easy to follow introduction to Deep Learning, although I feel that some things should have been explained more thoroughly (for example, step-by-step derivation of function derivatives). Additionally, some things were repeated several times, which was somewhat pointless (pretty much the entire last week essentially repeats the information learnt in the previous weeks).
Another very good course from Andrew Ng. This one is in python. If you are coming from his ML course, some of the elements in this course may seem a little repetitive otherwise it is OK. Programming exercises have been made very easy. You just have to write 2-5 lines at a time with plenty of hints about what to write. Overall, a great introductory course for neural networks and deep learning.
Really nice introduction into the topic especially for people like me who normally get scared by math easily, I especially appreciate that the exercises are using widely-used libraries so that I will be able to apply the stuff I have learned to my daily work easily.The only thing missing is a debugger in the online python environments, but its possible to export the files and do that off-line
Good course to complete Andrew Ng's course in machine learning, going deeper in neural networks implementations.The programming exercices are very basic since a lot of the code is already written for you, but this allows for an easy entry to doing deep learning with python, especially if you don't know python yet.The 'Heroes of Deep Learning' videos were especially interesting and inspiring!
The course is very good and goes to the basics of Deep Learning and the intuitions behind Deep Learning. Andrew Ng, as always, is the man who inspires everyone towards Deep Learning. My only issue was with the coding environment, which would shut very frequently and the kernel would not start back. I have to write the code again to complete the assignments. It's double the work every time.
The course is the right amount of educational. It is, however, too slow, and doesn't provide enough formal calculus, relying on intuition to cover up for the missing parts. It barely touches on the topic of how vectorization actually works, rather saying "use built in functions they're faster". I've had a lot of fun on the forums, and can't wait for the 2nd course of this specialization.
I really loved the in-depth explanations of each concept. The instructor has a really great ability to break down complex subject matter into easily consumed pieces. The one-piece of criticism I have is that the coding exercises seem to have most of the work already done. It would have been beneficial to myself to have done a lot of the work that was already provided in the assignments.
Great course much thanks to Andrew Ng. I was expecting and hoped for more math and I felt like many topics were overly simplified. Fortunately most of that was covered in professor Ngs previous standalone ML course on Coursera. What I liked most was the introduction of the "building blocks " that gives better structure and simplifies if one wants different types of activation functions.
Excellent course, with very detailed explanation. I just thought one thing could improve the course further. In the programming exercises, if there had been more explanation of the various syntax used (apart from the ones used in implementing neural networks logic), i would have gotten a better practice of writing code and i would have been able to write the entire code myself, easily.
please give more practical knowledge through assignment, in all assignments, the data is already loaded, student don't know how to load dataset, how to extract training, test set from dataset, add more content like packages(matplotlib, scipy, keras & other useful libraries ), the course was very beautiful in theory, absolutely amazing covered all aspects, but little weak in assignments
Andrew Ng's presentation is the best for this kind of course.  The course was very well designed.  The easy intro via logistic regression, followed by a 2-layer NN, and then finally a multi-layered NN is brilliant.  Perhaps the course is too well designed.  I would have liked to work out more on my own.  I could have completed all the assignments without understanding what I was doing.
The course is designed keeping in mind students of all levels , especially for students who are not good at basics of mathematics. Being a student from biomedical sciences background , I really found the course too good to teach me a lot of basics Neural network. If some more assignment , like practice like questions could get added then the course will become more attractive and good
I liked the course overall. The home works were so simple and dumbed down that I truly don't think I put any thought process while filling in the blanks, hence I don't feel independent creating/building the simplest neural net by myself. I would also reiterate that the cost used in all examples is conditioned on the fact that the activation for the output layer was a sigmoid function.
Great learning experience for beginners, took away a lot from this! The programming exercises sometimes were a bit too guided though. For absolute beginners, this is perfect, but for code-experienced folks it might be a bit too easy here and there. The math background is fabulous though: Not too much calculus for the beginner, and no lack of challenge for the occasional math-hobbyist.
The course structure is very well organized. Course lectures ensure minimum pre-requisite courses are required. Lectures are short and to the point without compromising on important points/learnings. Although, "complete the sentence" type nature of assignments makes them too easy to complete and hardly makes the student think for himself and solve the assignment by some other method.
The last exercise was divided into too many functions to make it easy, but dividing into those many functions took away the intuition for what is happening and how is it being executed. For ex, the forward propagation task was divided into 3 functions in itself, that didn't feel ideal to me. Rest there can be no complaints, only compliments for this course! Thank you Prof. Andrew Ng.
In terms of the content for the subject matter, I guess this is the best course for Deep Learning introduction. Since I am also taking Machine Learning Course by Andrew, when I compare the assignment here, I found they are just like fill in the blanks type.  In my opinion, the assignment needs to be made a little more intensive.Overall the course is good. I am enjoying this course!!
Last homework has some issues in both parts that needs to be fixed. After spending hours on it, I had to look on forum, where I found help which helped me to move the problems. The people on the forum complained about the same issue -- that in order to solve the problems you need to use python file which was not indicated in the homework sheet (it is given in the homework folder).
I would've preferred more depth and history of NN and some more potential applications. Even a brief mention of some of the different structures to motivate additional study on the side would be great. Knowing CNN and RNN is great, but given the speed at which new architectures have popped up, it might be good to at least mention some even though they may not be as tested and true
A very practical hands-on approach to Neural Networks. There is no calculus/analysis requirement, but for people with a strong background, this might be a huge drawback. If you don't have much experience with Python and Numpy, this course will help you get your feet wet, while giving you intuition on how neural networks work and practical knowledge associated with implementation.
Homework could be more hard.The conception is clear in the vedio, but basically, the homework is not very helpful and able to help people to gain the capability to write a program by themselves.All the math part are escaped, and I think it's necessary to have some deeper discussion in the math topics like matrix calculus.Overall it's an easy course and quite delighted to follow
It's too bad, taught by an amazing teacher but definitely oriented towards beginners (which I am not). Teaching truly the basic fundamentals. I would have appreciated some more advanced hands on experience with NNs. But I suppose for most people it is helpful this way?Interestingly I found the interviews the most useful part of the course. I will reference them in the future.
Very useful and fun course. Dr. Ng presents the material in an excellent and clear manner, and the "Heros of Machine Learning" videos are a very nice addition. The interactive Jupyter notebook assignments are a great step forward for testing the knowledge of the material, but the assignments given could be a bit more in-depth to provide the user a more challenging experience.
Great course. Gives you a ground-up understanding of how feed-forward neural networks work, basic theory, and best practices for implementation. I wish the assignments were a bit less scripted and a bit more demanding- as is, some of the assignments are just copying and pasting code that's already been written for us, and it's easy to just paste without thinking too deeply.
A great intro to neural networks. One can understand how they work and how they are implemented on a basic level after this thorough and well-structured course.Unfortunately this is not for total beginners. In my opinion, one should have a basic understanding of deep learning as a concept and a bit of background in calculus. This can be also tackled at the same time though.
Pro: Good material. Even without a good knowledge of calculus or Python, it was structured well enough that I could slog my way through it (even if it did take me 2X the time).Con: There were a few bugs with the notebooks and I had trouble submitting an assignment. I'd like to see the downloadable slides cleaned up a bit, and check that the PDFs are there for every lesson.
This course discusses the neural networks from scratch with python implementation. One feels confident about the neural network implementation post attending the courseThe concepts like vectorization, computation graphs are really worth learning.I need to understand backpropagation much detailed.As always you're the best prof. Andrew Ng. Thanks to all the teaching staff.
Fantastic intro to the concept of Neural Network and Deep Learning. Thoroughly enjoyed the whole process. "heros of Deep Learning" series is very inspiring when listening to stories on how people got hooked onto it but the concepts talked about are too complex to comprehend. Could get a bit overwhelming for students not having a background in linear algebra and calculus.
I enjoyed a lot from this course and really liked the course material. My only critique is that the assignments sometimes felt like filling the blank! I know it's an introductory course and "hand-holding" assignments are needed, but I feel I could have learned more if I had to design the architecture of the functions rather than making changes to the body of functions.
It seems like course is far for practice a bit. It's hard to apply deep networks in real world without frameworks or optimization of hyper parameters covered in other parts. Combining it with more "practical" course in this specialization will make sense. Or at least adding some more practical things there.However course material is clean and understandable! Great job.
The course was good. I struggled most with wrapping my head around the algebra needed for backpropagation and keeping track of the dimension of my models. Maybe an interactive part where the student can change the layer counts and node counts, and see those changes reflected visually and in numpy array initialization would help build intuition for new students faster.
Very good course for gaining quick exposure to the fundamentals. It does provide a progression that is easy to follow.I wish the course went into a bit more depth, for example covering in more detail some of the history of this field, although the interviews did give me some feel for that.Would definitely recommend it as an effective way to get started in this field.
I liked the course. However, It is somehow basic for people familiar with Neural Networks. The assignments in the course walk you through the implementation of shallow and deep neural networks, forward propagation, and backpropagation to tune the parameters of the model.  Vectorization and optimized implementation of the algorithms is the focal point of this course.
It is  pretty good. I learnt a lot about deep learning and gained good knowledge of both the implementation of code and also the concept. The instructor is great. I would definitely suggest this course to someone who want to pursue a career in the field  of deep learning. The coding assignments as well as the quiz's help u to learn and understand the concept better.
Professor Ng makes the subject matter very accessible, and I enjoyed the "Heroes of Machine Learning" bonus content.The programming assignments handle many things for you that I think would be good to do yourself, such as plotting charts and importing the required libraries.Also, some additional optional content providing step-by-step derivations would be awesome.
Great course and clear explanations in general, I learned a lot and without hassle. I enjoyed it. I feel that some formulas were repeated and rewritten a bit much however. Programming assignments were interesting and easy to follow. It's true that they are very hand-holding but for a first approach it enables to focus on concepts and establishes good foundations.
The course is very good, but maybe some functions are too simple to implement. Although it is great to have that kind of help (and even with it I got stuck some times...), it would be nice to give the opporturnity to build the whole helper functions, without any kind of hint.Nevertheless, I really liked the course and will keep on learning about Deep Learning ;)
Andrew explains very well and the course is interesting. I'm not giving 5 stars because the quizzies/assignments were a bit easy (students should be forced to think and review the material in depth when doing the assignments). It could be improved to a more fruitful learning opportunity (we learn much more when doing this assignments).Highly recommended course.
It was a very interesting course! Andrew Ng is really an amazing teacher and watch his classes has been one of the most pleasantly activities recently. I truly recommend this course, it's great, there is just one catch: I found the projects (programming assigments) too basic and easy, I think it would have been perfect with more projects with deeper problems.
Great course! I would like to thank all peaple involved. The talks between professor Andrew Ng and the other "Heroes of Machine Learning" have been inspiring and insightfull. I was expecting a little more of guidence over learning algorithm performance and Loss function convergence, but I think those are going to be covered on the second course of the series.
This course gives you a fundamental insight of how Deep Learning actually works and why it is becoming popular. It could be a good starting point if you are considering to improve your career related to Deep Learning. Based on practical programming assignments, you could learn how to build a basic deep neural network even without knowing mathematical details.
The start was a little hard to get into sometimes. I would've liked a little more linear algebra and calculus personally or perhaps assignments where you're forced to draw certain scenario's and get more insight in what exactly you're doing. Even though almost everything became more apparent as the course went on. But as I said, that's just personal. Thanks!
Course is great. The only point I would make is that I found programming assignments to be a bit too "easy", in the sense that the needed code was often basically written in the intro to the question, which makes me feel like may people could easily just copy-paste without actually having an understanding of what they are doing. Otherwise, great material.
The information is great and useful. The after-video quizzes from week 1 were great; I was disappointed these didn't continue throughout the course. The programming exercises were too straight-forward. You could even copy and paste part of the instructions sometimes and it would work. I'd like to work a little harder to really understand what is going on.
This course offers similar contents as the part of the Stanford Machine Learning Course on neural networks. One useful addition is practices on implementing deeper neural networks with more than one hidden layers using Python. People with basic knowledge of linear algebra can complete this course in a day (i.e. 10 hours) by skipping less important videos.
A lot of time spent on matrix sizes and stepping up to for loops.  Really drags down the videos. I wonder if there could be a worksheet where the student enters the matrix sizes.  The student could then use it for reference.The python notebook feels very disconnected from the data.  The cache would make more sense in a push/pop context than array context.
The assignments were confusing for me as i had not programming experience in python. Although we were supposed to copy paste most the the graded functions, still a few tricks needed to be worked out to pass in that particular assignment. I enjoyed the course particularly because of the sense of achievement after finishing all the assignments and quizzes
This course comes with good details of mathematics behind the deep learning models. The way programming assignments are organized is pretty good. But the main presentation could have been better as in other online portals. The hand writing some times very confusing and not very holding enough. Overall its good course for early divers into deep learning.
Professor Andrew explains everything in detail and help get intuitions about whats actually happening in the algorithm (specially backprop).The programming exercise helps to apply the algorithm and see it it work for yourself in real life.The grading system in Jupyter notebooks is not very good and classifies perfectly running code as wrong.(sometimes)
It's ok but some ponts for improvement1. Add some excercises during video 2 .Add  slides for each video for better remembering3. Make programming assignments more challenging4. Make programming assignments more relevant - the assignment with colors I didn't get why we needed NN to solve it and what we tried to solve. Cats are ok - very comprehensible.
A great intro to NN and Deep Learning, but very little help from the Mentors and no interactions from the Prof. except the videos. There are some inconsistencies in the material presented, but that is the nature of Research based education. They could definitely do better, but it is a start. However, $50/mo is a bit steep for this level of training...
reasoning for why neural networks work comes from previous ML-course.In this one, it's more about hands-on programming and getting familiar with python and numpy.The exercises themselves are pretty easy to solve.If one were to implement them on his own it would be 10x harder, but one can build on them.Thanks again to everyone for preparing this course
The course was very helpful to provide an in-depth understanding of the underlying concepts of deep learning. It was interesting to create and train my own DNN from scratch. However, I feel a little more independence in doing the assignments can help the students more. As of now it is mostly hand-holding and more than half the stuff are already done.
he course material was explained in an enlightening and simple way. I feel that the assignments held your hand quite a bit, meaning that they were on the easier side. In some assignments, I felt like the instructions were telling me what to type in the blanks, which focused the effort on copying and typing rather than concepts taught in the material.
Course material was simple and purposeful. Programming assignments were laid out neat and logically. My only issue would be that it is difficult to debug code without any debugger tool (stepping through lines of code individually) or detailed (built-in) information where people usually go wrong. This is coming from someone new to Python and Jupyter.
Great course! The reason why I am not giving it 5 stars: I wish the programming assignments required a bit more thought on the part of the student. As it is, they are completely preprocessed and do not encourage the student to try his/her true understanding of the problem. But then I guess it  might be too much to ask of an automated marking system.
I felt like the programming assignments were very templatized and did not require much recollection of the information from the lecture videos. However, I do understand since it was not a programming heavy course. But besides that, after watching all the videos and doing the assignments I so feel a much better understanding of the subject material!
Very nice explanation from the practical point of view, but still theoretical back-ground explanation in optional lectures would be VERY helpful and anticipated. After all, when talking about sigmoid / tanh / relu, explaining all the calculus and linear algebra behind it would be that complex and involved. Apart from that - absolutely great course.
Some of the steps in the derivations were overlooked which tends to be a little hard unless one sits down with pen and paper and follows along thoroughly. Explanations are superb and the teaching is great. This is the only neural network course which helps you really grasp the basics and enables you to use any and every framework for NN with ease.
In summary the course was great , it was nice to get exposed some of the fundamentals and building blokcs of the deep linking algorithms. I didnt thave any ML background but i was able to easily understand the concepts and complete the assignments. Andrew Ng is a great instructor he explains the concepts very clearly with some excellent examples .
This course aligned well with Machine Learning (also by Pr. Andrew Ng). The coding cells built-in to a web page is convenient in terms of siftware to install (there is none) by also sometimes difficult to understand (when you submit your work and nothing happens because it wasnt saved, when the kernel crashes etc). But overall interesting course.
The course is very well designed. Very simple and straightforward and easy to follow & understand all the concepts. Would highly recommend to someone who doesn't know much math or comp-sci. Docking one star because the assignments hold your hand a little too much. I'd have liked it more if I had more autonomy in building the Deep Learning design.
Excellent introduction to deep learning. The course has carefully guided online tutorials and is not programming heavy on the student. Possible enhancements: The quizzes are good, but they seem to be too focused on terminology. It might be better to have short practical questions in the quizzes rather than dwell over notation. Just my two cents!
Firstly I would like to thank Coursera and Dr.Andrew for this course. The course was designed and structured in a subtle manner such that started from giving an idea into importance, use of deep learning techniques in the real world. This course gave me immense pleasure and confidence throughout and also helped to improve my programming skills.
This courses tells a fluent story about deep neural network, starting from logistic regression to DNN. The computing graph is fantastic for understanding forward and backward propagation. The programming exercises help newbie Python Numpy users to be familiar with machine learning using Python. Very careful designed course. Great job Prof. NG.
A very instructive introductory course for someone like myself who knew nothing of AI. The fact that it is in Python is not an obstacle either. I did not know anything about the language but the courses weave the basics of Python, allowing us to complete the programming assignments one line of code at the time. Thank you Andrew and your team.
I think the only things this course lacks is better debugging tools - it's really hard to debug using print statements, particularly when  you're dealing with all the matrices. In particular,  you can really botch things up with numpy and it can be really hard to unravel those issues.Otherwise, this was a great intro, and I psyched for more!
Very math oriented, but if you can get what you can from that,  that you can learn it from the programming exercises.  Forums don't allow math entry, so you can't type for example the sum symbol, or even exponents. It would be better if the course videos taught using a language common to the computer, though I'm not sure how that would work.
Great content. At times it felt a little confusing, but by the end of the course it all started to click together. The assignments were good, but could've perhaps been a little more challenging to insure that we could confidently write our our neural network from scratch. There were a few times that parts of the code were written for you.
For a beginner, this course could be though to understand. Many may not have prior knowledge in machine learning or the algorithms like regressions etc. This course started with linear regression , many would get  afraid of  that . So, ordering of course is required. Hope you can understand it.Andrew made it clear and dealt it smoothly .
The course is very helpful and a good place to continue from Machine Learning by Andrew Ng, but I really did not like Jupiter notebook. I had a lot of problems with connecting to online kernels and waiting for submissions. It was much more elegant working in offline Matlab with separate console and scripts and instant submitter response.
Although I had made deep-learning models before by using libraries like keras. I was quite under confident as I didn't have my basics strong. All I was doing was copy-pasting codes to implement those models and just using some functions. But now this course had made my basics strong so that I can implement my neural network from scratch
The course was great, Andrew's videos are clear, concise and provide a very solid foundation for understanding the basic concepts. He also manages to demystify general terms in calculus and his videos explain concepts intuitively. The programming exercises could have been a bit harder though. I felt that there was a lot of hand holding.
Lectures by Andrew Ng are excellent = 5 starsProgramming assignements: room for improvement. At least once they use inconsistent nomenclature. And they leave no room for learning-by-doing, as it is mostly required to copy text/code from a few lines above into Phyton format.I am still very exicted to move on to next course in the series.
It was a very interesting and easy to understand course given by a great teacher. Sometimes it was too easy, so I watched the whole course at 2x speed, but that's ok because I'm not new to machine learning in general. It would have been nice to be able to download the examples databases to be able to play around with it locally though.
I really appreciated the educational level of this course. It shows that the math behind the neural network is not too difficult if faced from the ground up piece by piece. The skeleton of the exercises are complete enough to focus the people only on the relevant details. Looking forward to take the other courses of the specialization.
This is by far the most explained and easy to understand course I have done personally on anything related to deep learning. But if i had to pick a shortcoming, I would say that it did not explain anything about how to get the input. How can I input different types of data? In which format? Except for this, it was an excellent course.
There is no much depth in the content, only basic things have been added to the course which were also part of the machine Learning course by Prof. Andrew NG. I would have been satisfied if Regularization and Hyper parameter tuning were also added to this course. I know this is a business strategy you have adopted for more profits..
Very good course. It is quite instructive to go through all the basic steps. It just not always clear on the programming assignment why the code has the given structure until the very end. Giving a bit more explanations a the beginning of the notebook on the global code architecture (even as an optional reading) would quite helpful.
I enjoyed the course, Andrew Ng's insights, and the interviews were a nice touch that adds to the motivation. The programming exercises are tiny toy examples, but help in illustrating the main principles of architecting the forward and backward propagation for NN training, and the vectorization techniques were useful and practical.
Lectures are fantastic, but assignments are brutal. I learned so much through the lectures, but got seriously bogged down by not knowing Python. Not having experience with Python is very detrimental to the overall learning experience. The Jupyter Notebook lacks the basics from more mainstream IDE's like MATLAB, R, or even Spyder.
The material is very useful and Ng is a great teacher. However I feel like there is something strange about the exercises.They are very complicated, but you do very little. I would have liked something with a bit more participation. It's nice that they invite you to play around, and I think the notebook is a very suitable format.
I want to thank all the team members to get out this course material but I have a note that the codes of notebooks have some hidden function and their techniques to get the output, and also about the dataset which we try on. I think it's better to be free for download to enable the learner to try the model of the notebook later.
This course provides an in-depth view of how neural networks work and how each parameter is calculated (including derivations for the curious Joe). I wish it had more practical approach as the programming assignments were based entirely on what was taught in course. They should have also included some application based learning.
The content on neural networks is grade, but I found that the programming assignments were on the easy side, and it would be nice to practice writing your own python scripts and getting to know python a bit better... Maybe it's for the next courses. I also understand of course that the online notebooks have their limitations.
Good intro course about how neural networks actually work and how to build them from scratch, versus grabbing and using github functions without understanding.  The assignments have a great deal of hand holding, I would have liked more of a challenge to think through and solve on my own, but I am pleased with what I learned!
Interesting and informative lectures, but this course would really benefit from having a more engaging approach to its programming assignments. Most of them consisted of repeating the same concepts covered in the video lectures, copying and pasting a couple lines of code and making sure the output matches what they tell you.
It´s a great explanation on what Neural Networks and Deep Learning is. It is quite clear to me now. I had to do more in depth studying of a few subjects mentioned (having an engineering background) in order to be satisfied by proving some demonstrations, not necessarily for this course. Great course I will continue them all.
Neural Networks and Deep Learning feels like a huge leap from the Machine Learning course, though the basic content remains the same. What makes it stand apart is the assignments where you can implement and build your own Neural Network. I suggest this course to everyone who has completed the ML course, if not please do so.
It was a very informative and enjoyable course but I found the software that was used was a bit buggy. For example, if I submitted a quiz, the correct and incorrect answers would be displayed. If I re-attempt the quiz (and I now no the answers) and submit it again, different correct and incorrect answers would be displayed.
Good material! Requires knowledge of machine learning beforehand to be a bit more understandable but if you already had an introduction to machine learning I think you are good to go. There was problem sometimes with the notebooks crashing which resulted to some frustration but other than that, it was a really solid course
It is a good course, just that for a new learner it might be hard to adjust yourself to the coding structures of Python, and the matrices involved. Hopefully there would be a better method in the future to simplified for the terminologies or visualized in code line by line on what is actually happening in the computation.
Great course! Very detailed explanations even for people who aren't experts in either Python or calculus. One small thing I would add is a bit more autonomy in the jupyter notebook tasks. Appending two lines of code is sufficient for understanding of the process, but not enough to recreate the neural network from scratch.
That course gives foundation of deep learning. Instructions are simple to understand for beginners like me. I gave 4-stars because some formulas are inconsistent in the videos. That is confusing. Also, forums should be managed better.  All in all, course is really useful because Andrew Ng knows how to teach and motivate.
The content in the course is excellent for a begin learner, but the code assignment of this course is in my opinion too easy and contains too much details. The homework can be made perhaps more challenging.   Anyway, thanks for the course and  the lecturer.  What is introduced is enough to solve some practical problems.
Theoverall quality of this course is really good.  I really like the way that everything is explained. The only one drawback I see is that this course brings not much to the table compared with the knowledge introduced in Stanford Machine Learning course by Andrew Ng. I audit this course just after finishing that other.
A great cource that focuses on one thing, and focuses on it well. I appreciate greatly the fact that Andrew really drills home the structure of the matrices involved in each step of the calculations (fwd and bwd props). As a side note, I would recommend that the mathematical notation be tightened-up slightly in places.
The lectures are really good. Very simple to understand, and walks you through the entire mathematical foundation very nicely. The assignments are very much on the easier side, probably the instructors wanted to avoid the headache of debugging. But take notes along the way, and the course would be very helpful indeed.
Some points are not so clear, and some are non-essential, which may affect the efficiency of studying such a course. Generally speaking, this course really give a big picture about Neural Network, and intuitions about some methods are pretty good in aspects of understanding them clearly. A fantastic course, honestly.
Quite good learning material. I really do like it. Also the good thing is that this is a python + jupyter. However 4 stars because it is so easy to finish assignments, you have to add only 1-3 lines of code, and you have all formulas in notebook. So you could even finish assignments without watching course materials.
I tried to prove one by one the differential formulas from this lecture. Through these behaviors, intuition and understanding of artificial neural network were improved. I was very happy to hear the lectures of Andrew Ng, the master of deep running, and plan to do more in Coursera in the future. Thank you very much.
Very good introductory course to neural networks. Good examples and fantastic lessons from Mr NG.I miss the exposition of there Deep NN shoud be used instead of other ML techniques and Algorithims, from the course, seems that Deep NN are a silver bullet... Some examples of where not to use them will be nice to have.
Very good and helpful course, glad I did it and I'm going to continue in the series.My one criticism would be I think the programming exercises were kinda easy... too much starter code was already there. I think I would have learned more had I just been given function signatures and let me sink or swim from there.
This course is extremely good in explaining the fundamental concepts of Neural Nets and different steps like forward and backward propagation in pretty simple terms. Andrew Ng has been great facilitator for the course and deserves greater applause for setting the tone and explaining difficult concepts so lucidly.
Great introduction of concepts and suitable for a broad audience with different mathematical levels, very well explained and the repetition allows reinforcement. The only downside is the absence of a personal project to guarantee hands-on experience. Doing dirty work is the best way to enhance neural connections.
course is excellent. couple of feedbacks.1) math behind backprop could be added a bit more. NG started it nicely with the propagation figure. but skipped the math behind each step.2) sorely missing the lecture notes. lecture slide attached with the video is not enough. additional resources links also required.
I enjoyed a lot the course. I liked the approach followed to explain the technical details of deep neural networks because. The explanations allow to read more complex material and understand it. As a negative note, the programming assignments felt relatively (because it is a difficult topic) easy to complete.
The concepts were very clear and perfectly arranged for a new learner. But the assignment pattern was not that helpful in learning. But I would say, it's a good start for me into the neural network. I loved the lectures. cleared lots of doubts. I have to work on more projects to learn the implementation part.
The course is great... Some concepts should be more clear in the firsts slides as "What is Artificial Inteligente, what areas it may apply, what is Machine learning, what divisions does it have, ... ". The explanation is more really calculus than AI, but it's the core of the technology... It's a great course.
While assignments are great, I think they can be made a little more difficult by giving little less information about how to do something right at the place where assignment is done. Let students go back and check notes/lectures and figure out themselves!! I understand the logistics of evaluation and grading.
It is absolutely intuitive for a novice, the only reason i gave a four star is because a few topics in vectorization in week 2 aren't explained completely, and I also put up the question regarding the same in the week 2 discussion forum but didn't receive an update... Rest was really satisfied and grateful.
The room for improving the codes is creating more opportunity that a learner can write their own code not filling one or two line of code and complete a template. If you add the detailed instruction and students can write the functions from the scratch themselves, I think it will be more interesting;Thanks
The instructor does a very good work explaining the concepts. However, the videos are very short and would benefit from more examples (e.g. running a dry computation with numbers on an example network). The exercises are well built and allow you to grasp the concepts a little more in depth than the videos.
The course was useful in getting more familiar with Neural Networks and Deep Learning. However, since I had already followed Machine Learning course earlier by Andrew Ng, this course did not bring any new insights for me. I also consider the ML course better at explaining the fundamentals required for DL.
Great course!! Having done Andrew Ng's course 'Machine Learning' before this one, I learned some things for the second time. The programming assignments are very meticulously prepared by the course's designers, to the point that I felt a bit too MUCH was already done for me. I still learned a ton, though.
This course in the specialization provides a very good all round introduction for the beginners. As always prof. Andrew does a good job demystifying the math. The assignments bolster the theory and since no libraries are used, one learns the dynamics under the hood. I highly recommend to take this course.
It is a lot and it is hard but rewarding. It is kind of a stretched introduction into the topic, the explanations could have been more detailed but I liked it nonetheless. You definitely need some programming and solid math skills. I'm not sure if I'll continue the specialization but I think that I will.
I enjoyed to do this lovingly created course. The only disadvantage: The programming assignments did not make me to learn, since I could event copy paste some lines. One does not have to think about much to get done and there has not been any tranfer task at all. That's not helpful for learning I think.
Nice course. Prof Ng is great .. simplifies things and focuses on intuition more than anything else. Would be nice if there was a chat based contextual assistance available while doing the programming assignments. When you get stuck, there is no help readily available and you need to keep banging at it.
The only problem that may reduce the learning quality is that instructions for assignments are too much. These instructions leads student in a correct way, but in this way, they don't let students think more deeply. However this is a great course that teach you a lot in a short time. Thank you Coursera
Great teacher, great course. Easy to follow. I appreciate that this is more up to date and in python, instead of Octave like the old courses were. The second last assignment in the last week is badly written and confusing, I can't fix a bug in it. I'd give this 5 stars if that confusion was cleared up.
1)It be nice if we will get (as in the other ML course of Prof. Andrew NG) a summary of each week that we can print out and save. Vs scattered information over many videos. 2) To people that are not familiar with Python and NP a longer/better tutorial is required, especially how to handle the caches.
Really clearly-explained content and a truly excellent interface, both for the lectures and the exercises and quizzes. The coding exercises do 'hold your hand' quite a bit, but I guess this is somewhat unavoidable when using automated marking.I look forward to the other courses of the specialisation!
I couldn't imagine that it will be that interactive, enthusiast and easy to take "Neural Networks and Deep Learning" and get really into Deep Learning, thanks Coursera, thanks Andrew Hug and all your companion team for this great work, looking forward for more interesting courses and specializations.
The concepts are well explained. However, my impression was that the course was very, very basic at times. I also didn't like the programming exercises that much since they are also very, very basic. Feels a lot like playing  with Lego - "Fill in the blanks" - than acquiring actual coding experience.
This course is a good introduction to the fundamentals of deep learning. I would have liked to have seen more creative assignments than are currently offered, at times it feels like you're just translating the english instructions into python without any actual need to understand what you're doing.
It would be a lot better to show the corrections during the videos at the correct time. Besides this i believe too much is shown in the assignment notebooks and i found myself skipping over it so that i could at least start the assignment without seeing already seeing the solution in pseudo steps.
This course helped me do neural network with just mathematics, unlike other courses who explain the diagram of the neural network and say use sigmoid for better results Andrew_ng explains what is sigmoid all other stuff related to this he maps mathematics to AI and helped me build a neural network
The mathematical explanation behind deep learning is explained quite deliberately. Though Programming is not explained in single tutorial but one can do that by following the assignment steps provided. I can say that this course is complete package for beginners to get an idea of Neural networks.
The courses are well detailed, i have had no problem following up with the instructor, even the assignments are well structured but it'd be wonderful if we could get the correction after the submission. I tried several times to correct one of my wrong answers but I couldn't manage to get t right.
I really like the way Andrew Ng explains things. He can express thought in very concise and simple way. Also the assignments are very well prepared. However, I think this course is too easy, so I haven't learned that much. Maybe the following courses in the sequence will go deeper (pun intended).
The course is very interesting. Getting to view the code from scratch is very interesting for beginners. The course can also maybe incorporate a section for non-beginners and make it more intensive by writing the codes from scratch. All in all, it was very interesting to understand the concepts.
Actually, the course explanation is great ( Props for that ), but the programming assignment are way too abstract and step-based, which make them easier to solve. If only you could just give hints and let us implement the overall algorithms without giving the boilerplate and the detailed steps.
I thought Andrew's "Machine Learning" course was amazing and so I decided to go for this course as a follow up. It's also a very well taught course but no quite on par with the first course in my opinion.I would still recommend this course to anyone how has already worked through the ML course.
The content is excellent. I felt we were spoon fed a bit in the programming assignments. I really like the multiple  submission feature - but I felt we must be made to write code end to end atleast for a small bit of functionality instead of putting together functions in the framework provided.
The course was well organized and showed several important and interesting aspects of Deep Learning. If I had to comment on something that could be improved, that would be the assignments section where the assignments had a bit too much of a handholding attitude. Other than that, great course!
Videos are excellent. The programming exercises are relative too easy, as you almost implement everything in it, so the student is left with very little work to do, which usually ends with less technical student. But the ideas are passed very good. I liked it and looking forward to my next one
Andrew Ng is an excellent lecturer. Optional interviews with the Deep Learning pioneers are very nice additions to the course. Programming assignments seem a little easy compared to the ML coursera course thought by Andrew before. I am looking forward for other four courses in the his series.
Great material. Sometimes it can be hard to understand why certain parts of assignments are incorrect. Maybe if the specific test case that failed is communicated to us, we could have an idea of what exactly failed, thus learn from our mistake. Overall a great learning experience. Thank you!
When I am doing assignment 3 of week 4, I suspect that the function template L-Model Backward and the 
grader for this function may have some slight mistakes. 
 I
found out the answer from the forum, but I do think the subscript L
 for dAL in this function is misleading. The L is used twice.
I understood the theory part but i was hoping that the coding part will be explained better . the coding part should have a seprate video on it . because it is like we are asked to remember things not understand why we are doing this. still the theory explained is done very nicely by andrew
Some more mathematical depth(maybe optional for those who are interested and know some calculus and linear algebra) would have been helpful. For example, it would have been great if there was a video walking through the derivation steps (including calculus) for backprop algorithm equations.
Very great conceptually and Andrew does a fantastic job walking through a deep neural net from the ground up. The programming assignments are a bit too much of a "walk-through & insert single lines of code" - hoping that the difficulty increases. Worthwhile course regardless, learned a lot!
Well structured. If you give it a thought you appreciate the clarity of the code used in the assignments and how it corresponds to the lecture notes.Assignements could be a little more demanding, however, now it's well suited for people who can't dedicate all time to solving the problems.
It is good material and presented well. The Jupyter connection keeps cutting out for some reason, but the biggest problem is that there is no support. I've spent too many hours trouble-shooting the programming exercises because the only "support" is the forums, and that is far from ideal.
This course really brushed up my python skills and also the instructor really explained the concepts in depth that enabled me to grasp a deep understanding of neural networks and how they work collectively with many applications  involving classification of images and regression models .
This is a good course, but following the notation from the lectures to the assignment was a bit of a challenging. A little more emphasis on the actual python code and a quick review of vector and matrix dot product operations before the first assignment would have helped me a great deal.
I like the course contents and the way for providing the information is awesome. My concern was some times I was not able to access to my course in Deep learning web without reason or message neither from coursera nor deeplearning.ai. It will be great if the student get prior information
This is a great complement to Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course. The assignments gave hands on experience on working with Neural Networks  image recognition. I would recommend this course both for those who only wish to be familiar with the field and those who plan to work in the field
I wished that the course had more references about the syntax of the Python language, the lecture videos are very fine and up to the mark. It would have been a help if some small references were attached side by side to supplement syntax knowledge however it is still an amazing course !
Too much is said about the same thing. The text inside the video sometimes does not contain dots, which prevents its translation. The text under the video is recognized and not corrected, so there are problems with translation (for example, instead of For Loop, Four loop is recognized)
The python assignments can be made little bit more program oriented. It was easy to fill in the code lines while doing the exercise, however, the program flow did not completely register into the mind.  This is because filling the empty code segments does not involve too much thinking.
The homework is too straightforward, and it happened three times that my homework was not saved when clicking "submit". I had to redo half of the programming assignment after checking the grade.A cheatsheet with summary of all the major knowledge points would really speed up learning.
I wish it would've delved deeper into the backpropagation part. Coming from the Machine Learning course, I found this one much simpler and sometimes repetitive, but it's probably a good introduction to next courses in this specialisation. Overall, I liked it and I think it was useful.
The only downside I can think of is the absence of explanation for some of the python syntax that is used. As a non-programmer who had never worked with python before, adapting the notebooks to complete the homeworks sometimes proved a bit difficult. Otherwise, very intersting course!
It would be nice to be able to download the lecture notes for an entire week in one file (or zip) instead of having to clicking on each video. I also wish the course had the nice formal lecture summaries that the Machine Learning course had (or at least the first half of that course).
A good introduction course.   Part of the course is very tedious because it tries to help people without a good math background.    They can be easily summarized with just few equations.   It will be very nice if one day the courses can provide different routs for different students.
The course was designed well for introduction into deep learning as it has smaller chunks of larger topics. The programming assignments were very helpful in understanding the topics. The questions at the end of a few lessons were very interesting and I wish there were more of them.
Course effectively teaches core concepts through repetition, and I found it pragmatic/useful. That said, it was intellectually unsatisfying to never have to engage with any derivations, and the exercises are _way_ too easy (just copy and paste) to give any sense of accomplishment.
What can I say about this course,simply amazing. The instructor was good at explaining concepts clearly and straight to the point. He also gave the insights on how to implement and how to avoid making error. All in all an extremely beneficial course on deep learning for starters.
I really wish the concepts were better explained in the beginning. By concepts, I mean W,b, a, etc. I'd to watch the entire lecture series of Stanford on YouTube to understand. I hope the mentors explain in the discussion session rather than asking us to watch the lectures again.
Ng ensures that the course is accessible to newcomers to the field of deep learning. The course is very immersive, and the only suggestion I can make is to provide more references to some of the mathematics  (of fields of mathematics) supporting the development of of our theory.
Prof. Andrew Ng is an awesome teacher and the course is very well structured. Despite liking and recommending this course, I'm disappointed with the assignments it offered. They were too easy and didn't took, most of the time, no real "thinking effort" in order to be completed.
Hard for working professionals. There are few things that can be done to make it easier. Debugging in a Python Notebook is harder than doing so in an Integrated Development Environment (IDE). Notebook prints a call stack, but, there is no way to look at the values of variables.
very accessible course. Andrew's breakdown of a complex concept into simple understandable blocks is unparalleled. I would have liked more flexibility in the exercising than the fill-in-the-blanks approach. but I understand this is not easy for someone with a non CS background.
Professor Ng's online lectures are top rate. The focus on vectorization was particularly useful. The only portion of the course that came up short for me was the programming assignments. People will differ on this, but I found them too rudimentary ... a little too "spoon fed".
I feel like a little bit of the programming assignments were a bit handed to me. It would've been nice to have to figure some of this stuff out, but perhaps that's just comparing things to university. This felt more like a "tutorial" than a "class" per se. Still learned a lot.
The course provided a good introduction to deep learning. It was structured in a good way and easy to follow the lectures. For the programming assignment, it could have been better if there was less code provided already. But as it is an introductory course, it seems helpful.
Great and easy-to-follow introduction to neural networks. If you are already familiar with vector algebra, many things are explained quite slowly. One star left out because the content has not been polished, but there are minor errors here and there with separate corrections.
Covers the material well.  Definitely some reinforcement learning in terms of repeating concepts with higher complexity.Some wrinkles and gotchas with Jupyter integration, though these may be specific to Coursera, and they do seem to be aware of them in the material provided.
The course is amazing gets you really started from very beginning. Sir Andrew went over small details and was very easy to understand. Programming exercises were challenging and fun to explore. Was a very nice course. Interviews were inspiring. Thanks for such amazing course.
The basis of deep learning well explained. Somewhat an introduction to AI, very basic python requirements and code writing, sometimes oversimplified, with calculus of derivatives provided and not explained. Very accessible to anyone, but after completion go to study calculus.
Incredible course. I just think that the Assignments hold your hand too much, so much so that it ends up being more of a basic Python programming assignment. Still, shouldn't interfere much in the actual learning of the skill if the student pays attention during the videos.
Great overview that clears some of the mysteries of neural nets and deep learning. While the exercises were helpful to get hands-on experience, they were a bit plug-and-play in that they didn't challenge the student to really need to understand what each function was doing.
Nice introduction to deep learning with programming assignments probably a bit too easy, but it gives the student the possibility to dive in the concepts, experiment later with the python notebooks that are already provided. Good balance between videos and experimentation !
I think it would be nice to get access to the data used for training, for the sake of programming the NN in other programming language that do not use broadcasting. In this way I would go over the details of the calculus part that were only briefly dealt with in the course.
It was a good introduction to deep learning. I understood the process foward and back propagation and the use of different Functions in the Neural Network Layers. Recommended course to get a further step in Machine Learning. Andrew Ng is very clear and enthusiastic. Thanks
Great Course a lot of important information which is brought in an excellent way. I think the assignments are too easy. It seems  like you dont really need to understand everything in order to accomplish them. Many of them only require copy and paste without real thinking.
Andrew is high-rank professor. The course is very well organised. I know that this is beyond the scope of this specialization, but I really missed a more detailed touch in tensors and the proofs to the derivatives used in gradient descent. Nonetheless it's a great course!
Course Structure and Syllabus were really great, there is simply no pointing out of Andrew Ng's teaching. Quizzes are good too. But the programming assignments shouldn't be so specific about what to do and if not all something must be left for students to think and apply.
Decent material but there's a lot of handholding! This is nice in that it lets you progress to advanced topics quickly, but a big negative in that when you close all the notebooks and try to start your own project from a blank sheet, you don't exactly know where to start.
this is a nice course, starting easily and go forward smoothly.it gives a good knowledge of Neural Network, Deep Learning, Logistic Regressionand also a beginning of Python.but it get better if it has a chapter  of python introduction  at firs of course.Thank you, Andrew
Loved the simplified version of NN study, thank you NG sir for making our such a wonderful course. Also would like to add that also add in some mathematics left out that is covered by Nando De Freitas youtube lecture. Else the best certified course, was a good refresher.
If you can remake the videos where there is correction required, instead of putting a separate chapter tip, it will be great.The matterial and the way it is expained is very good, and I also liked the various deep learning expert interview series. Keep up the good work!
Very straight-forward intro course to deep learning. It can be completed in 10-12 hours if you have some basic knowledge in calculus and linear algebra.Most of the math behind the model seems to be omitted for simplicity. However, they should be easy to find on internet
Good intro to the subject and also decent practice in vectorization. However, the assignments should not be spoon-fed. For the assignment on an L-layer NN, we should be computing the gradients of the activation functions on our own instead of calling a built-in function
This course gave me a good overview of deep learning techniques, the only part i didn't like that much was that the code was never made 100% by me, the course really holds your hand throughout coding, maybe it's because of the difficulty. In the end, a good start to AI
As expected, a very good course. All the example of image classification was very good, the course did not cover how to handle categorical variables which might be the case in a different problem. Nonetheless, a very good course and I will continue this specialisation.
I did not like the Notebook online version so much. It sometimes gets freeze. I would like an option to download the assignments to my computer.I liked the course, but I prefer the course of Machine Learning, I think it is more detailed and topics are almost the same.
Great Course! Especially the way programming assignments are organized makes this course helpful in building an intuition of programming neural networks!  Looking forward to making projects using the skills I learned from this course. Once again Prof Andrew Ng ROCKS!
A little bit too easy. Programming exercises felt like fill the blanks. There are even a couple of places where you have to initialize the sizes of some matrixes, and just below where you have to write your code there are asserts to check the sizes of those matrixes.
This is a very well illustrated course that helps build intuition on how neural networks work. Personally, I would have preferred more technical and theoretical insights, and less hints in the programming assignments, as this would help cement the information better.
Course is very easy. It gets a bit confusing only when the explanation for certain variables are given in a hasty manner. For example, switching among variable names (such as Y-hat and AL). I think using the variable names consistently would make the learning easier.
Would have been good if it was possible to use python instead of Jupyter. Now some of the critical utility functions are missing for us. They would have been great for learning. Also, lecture notes would have been useful to have.But overall, I love Andrew's classes.
Good introduction to deep learning. Great for developing an intuition on the mathematics behind NN. However, programming assignments are too easy. Most of the things are already done for you. I am expecting more complexity in the later parts of this specialization.
Great for a fast applied track - my one criticism is that I wish there were more emphasis on the theory/mathematics that underpins neural networks, but I suspect there are many who felt that the theoretical depth was just right. Overall, would definitely recommend.
The course is really good, well structured and the exercises are very helpful. for learners like myself, who just completed the Stanford Machine Learning course, it feels partially redundant. The key new learning is usage of Python for Neural Network applications.
I wish we had to write our codes from scratch instead of structured by the course instructors. It would help me to learn how to optimize my code. Maybe in future, you will allow an option for advanced students to try their hands in writing the codes by themselves.
The lectures are great! very through.I have done the previous course by Andrew ng, and I havent learned much more from this one.I wish the back propagation derivatives had been explained more throughly.Everything else was PERFECT.Can't wait for the next 4 courses.
Overall it was a good introductory course for Deep Learning. Although the more complex concepts will be covered in the next modules, those could have been explained briefly for the students who are only interested in the basics of Neural Network and Deep Learning.
Great content! Some of the coding exercises required a few more tips, especially for those unfamiliar with Python. Overall, a great course. It would awesome if there was a course on how to migrate from hand-coding your neural networks to using TensorFlow or Keras.
It was an exceptional course. I really liked it. having hands on practice after each week helped me a lot in understanding what i was doing. What i would recommend is to have more insights to the things which have been done. More information would certainly help.
If you could just invest some time to fix the bug in the final assignment, that'd be marvelous. I had to re-create the exact same code for the 2 layer Image classifier, and I think it was only because of some new line i added that the code-assessment was failing.
The notations for some of the math is more complex than it has to be. Also, concepts such as back prop can be explained in a better fashion. Overall, the course is excellent. One suggestion would be to have math done via reading with explanations in the lectures.
The course is great. The only issue that I have is with the evaluation of the compute_cost functions for week 3 and week 4a practice exercises. There must be an error in the grading system. The function is correctly implemented in both cases in a vectorized form.
There was too much hand-holding in the programming assignments. While the final structure of the code was high quality, and it would make up a good template, the process did not promote thinking. Maybe the programming assignments would have made more challenging.
The course is very good since it starts from the most basic knowledge until you implement a NN of L-layers. After having taken the ML course, I feel that the student is left with a feeling that more could have been taught. In any case, the course is very good!
Nice course - the only thing I was missing is some written explanations between the videos as it is available for the Stanford Machine Learning Course - this would make it much easier to recapitulate the course after first watching (or when coming back later).
Great introductory course to Deep Learning. It is a good way to get into the field and learn the terminology/methodology, but the assignments are too straight-forward. Further courses are definitely needed to gain practical insight to build your own useful NN.
The course is fantastic. All the credit goes to Andrew NG and his associate team. My only bad experience with the course is assignment submission. I faced a lot of issues in submitting the Week-3 programming assignment. Other than that this course is the best.
I wish the course was more intense, exercises were methodological, which meant that I course step by step. But at some point, it would be nice to have a rigorous test with no hint and suggestion, so that the students can face a real-life DNN problem statement.
In some places the code is not clear.Not because of the logic but because i have'nt had much exposure to the numpy library so i wish there was a practice lesson for the numpy library.The course so far has been good and i will complete the whole specialization.
The explanation is very concise and gives good intuition about deep learning provided learners have strong python commands. Otherwise, you have to spend more time to get understand the code in Jupiter notebook.  The guideline in the worksheet is also necessary
Thought it was a really good course. In terms of improvement, I wish we had to actually implement the algorithms on our own, in opposed to Coursera having big chunks of the Algorithms already complete. Other than that, I learned a lot and it was a good course.
Course is very nice. It explains every concept patiently. Programming assignment is also awesome. But I  couldn't find lecture slides for the video as It use to be in Machine Learning course. Lecture slides are very helpful to revise the concepts very quickly.
Good, clear explanations in videos. The programming exercises were a good way to ensure the content is well understood. Thought that at times the course skipped over some of the more involved mathematical theory that would have helped to deepen understanding.
Very nice bottom-up introduction. Really gives a nice feel for what lives under the hood. Perhaps some extra contents pointing to the underlying mathematical tools would've been nice as well, but nevertheless the course ensures you get some decent intuition.
A good overview, but I felt like it really helped to take the more detailed neural networks class first.  The code examples are relatively straight forward though because the class guides you through them.  All in all completely worth a month of your time :)
This course gives a good understanding of the fundamentals of Deep Learning and Neural Networks. Including Heroes of Deep Learning in each week is really a motivational factor. I would recommend this to some one who is looking to start explore Deep Learning.
This will be the best course anybody could run into given they're searching for some true learning experience. However, the programming assignment could be much more intuitive with the tasks at various areas, sometimes the learner could get pretty confused.
Excellent  presentation, but with a bit too much repetition in the talks and in the homework.The on-line notebooks allowed a uniform development environment, which is good and probably necessary, but I miss having my own code to look back to somewhat later.
Course was very good.  I think the programming assignments could have been a little more extensive and less guided.  Also, a very simple example would have been useful.  For instance, how a simple NN could be used to approximate a parabola in the XY plane.
In the beginning, a better overview of neural networks in general could have been provided. I actually really understood what NNs did when watching this video (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aircAruvnKk), which also made progress on the class a lot easier
Many work done before student and solutions practically are given in notebooks. This doesn't help to understand material good. It would be better, if there weren't any advices in exercises. And, of course, course shouldn't last for 4 weeks - 1 week, maybe
Professor Andrew Ng has provided most of the important basics needed to understand the concept of Deep Learning. Though I feel referring to his previous Machine Learning course before this will help as he has explained a bit more in detail in that course.
A very good way to start learning about Deep Learning. The course start from the very basic of what Deep Learning is, the math and ide behind it. The course is easy to follow, although the calculus part seems a little bit off. Overall, it is a good course
very helpful in introducing the basic concepts. some videos were a little slow and a lot of repetitions. Also, it might be easier if beginning with matrix notation and vectorized versions and then introducing the individual formulas as special case of m=1
Really interesting, but the programming assignments had a lot of handholding and required little-to-no thinking to get them done, though that might be a consequence of this being an introductory course, not an advanced one. Overall, I enjoyed the course.
Might go faster with some explanation, and use the additional time to go deeper into some concepts such as calculus. Might also include a final, longer assignment. But overall, it's a clear, well organized and fairly complete introduction to the subject.
The course is leading on the students too much. One can mechanically solve all of the exercises just by rewriting suggested formulas and matching function arguments and return types. IMO it should be made harder to prevent this (i.e. people being lazy).
Course is great, but I think the exercises have too much handholding. I like to struggle with problems a bit so that I need to understand it from different angles before I find a solution. In this course all the exercise were a bit too straight forward.
Very hands-on and clear to understand. The only downside that I see on the exercises is that there's pretty much one correct solution only, and that one is not that difficult to find. But then, for understanding the basics, it might be a good approach.
I learned the fundamentals of deep neural networks and how to write one from scratch in python / numpy. However, there was a great deal of redundancy in the lectures which could be improved by making shorter lectures and supplemental optional material.
It Started from basics. All topics well explained. Great Course.However, if I were to be really harsh then I can say that having already completed the Machine Learning Course, sometimes I found that the programming assignments, were being spoon fed .
This was a great beginner course for deep learning. I like how the assignments walked you through the python programming in the notebooks. There were a few tricky things in the programming but searching through the forums was helpful at finding help.
The course covers pretty well the basics of neural networks and deep learning, allowing you to implement a model from scratch in python. It is not among the most challenging MOOCs I've ever done, but it is good as a first step toward further studies.
This course is perfect to learn the basics of a neural network. The exercises are well chosen to understand the courses materials. However, there are quite easy and some more difficult exercises could be useful to fully grasp the knowledge presented.
I liked this course a lot, and I'm interested to see the shift from Matlab/Octave towards Python for machine learning. On the whole, though, I felt like this was largely a subset of the information in the original Machine Learning course on Coursera.
There are many cases when Andrew says "it turns out it's better" or "faster" and etc without explaining at least in a few words why? Or maybe provide a link to an article that explains why. I had to google by myself to find asnwer to these questions,
A very good course. I like the way Andrew teaches. I felt it was a bit slow in bits (especially Week 4) where it seemed that Andrew was repeating a few things. Nevertheless, I loved it and I will recommend it to anyone interested in learning about DL
Prof Andrew Ng goes through all the concepts meticulously. I enjoyed going through all the theory behind forward and back-propagation. There is a lot of hand-holding in the assignments. I would prefer one notes PDF to go through all the derivatives.
Great material, but assignments are way too easy for those who have any experience in python/machine learning. You do not have to think much as it tells you what to write. However, the lectures make the course worth it! Andrew is a great professor
There are some problems with the grader in some parts of the grading assignments for each week.Otherwise the course is great and the way prof. Andrew Ng teaches makes it easier for us to grab the concepts behind Deep learning and Neural Networks .
This course was difficult.  It assumes a fairly high level of preexisting knowledge in advanced mathematics that I had trouble with at times.  The quiz questions are also sometimes regarding topics that are not extensively covered in the lectures.
Some of the weeks could use prereq/prewatch videos to cover some of the basics prior to starting that week.  For instance, basic matrix math or numpy tutorials would have been helpful prior to a few of the weeks.  Overall, I learned a lot, though!
The course itself was very well structured - coding examples were a bit too straight-forward, the notebook had a lot of help in it, with literally the required code in many cases.Maybe have different levels of coding assignments? Easy/medium/hard?
course is really very good as compare to others (which are available on internet).but, in this course i found some level of difficulty in solving and understanding programming assignments.so,this difficulty to understand for beginner at starting.
I did not like the idea of using jupiter notebooks -I also did not find it easy to get to run all this on my local setup, hence was forced to use the existing jupiter notebook setup. The course material is great -Prof Andrew Ng is a great teacher
Excellent intro to deep learning if you have a basic background in machine learning, especially in Logistic Regression. Wish the math was explained more in depth but I understand that it was kept simple for the wider audience. Highly recommended.
Great intro into the theory and practice of deep neural networks.I feel like I have a good understanding of how to construct a deep neural network now, and how it works.looking forward to completing the rest of the courses in this specialization
great course but the assignments are designed in a easy way for people to complete, a lot of coding has been done for the learners. Even after this course, it is hard to say you can implement a Deep learning project from scratch all by yourself.
The course is good for basics, major focus is given on matrix multiplications etc, not on neural networks basics. Assignments are also average only, not adding much value if you know logistic regression basics. Expecting better from Andrew Sir!!
If you are looking for a beginner's intro to Deep Learning this course might be a bit of steep learning curve. However, if you already have some practical experience then the materials of this course will be a great way to expand your knowledge.
Very good introduction to neural networks through solidifying concepts and code. Only reason for -1 star was because I thought week 2 and 3 should have been switched in terms of simplicity - it would have made the 2nd week a little more gentle.
Although everything was explained to the extent to which it is intuitive, the actual math behind this is not explained. But overall this is a very interactive course with really good programming assignments and really helpful discussion forums.
amazing how much you can do with nn which is essenstially not such a complicated concept. I liked the closing remarks saying the finesse not so much come from the coding but the data itself... Thanks for giving me the insights in deep learning.
Very quick and motivated introduction to the theory and to the implementation of Neural Networks with multiple layers from scratch. I found particularly useful from a didactic point of view presenting logistic regression as a toy example of NN.
This course is worth 5 stars. The teaching was perfectly fine. I had issues with the assignments. They weren't that user friendly. In a way i could say that the difference in complexity and ease for the lectures vs the assignments was too huge.
Excellent introduction to Neural Networks. Professor Ng's lectures are well organized and in are broken up into small segments so that not too much material is in a single lecture. The use of Python Notebook for homework assignments works well.
As for the theoretical this is by far the best course but  if instructors also explain some assignment then this is definitely  the best course for deep learning and neural network.   I want to thanks instructors and mentors for their support.
I literally couldn't stop learning ! Amazing course.I would have given some more information on the python specific commands to juggle memory. Found some issues understanding the calls for parameters and cache (still not fully on board there).
The material is well-organized and the speaker is really a great teacher. Might improve a little bit by reducing the skeleton code and hits in the programming assignment. Sometimes I feel like cheating when reading the notes before each cell.
The quizzes were not challenging, and parts of the assignments as well. Nevertheless, it is a good starter into the topic, that relates to previous knowledge in machine learning in general and walks you gently through the basics step by step.
Excellent short course.  My only complaint is that it was basically just an expanded course from the Machine Learning class, would have preferred to have just started on the second class.  However, do intend on taking the rest of the series.
WITHIN THE LIMITATION OF ONLINE LEARNING ,Mr ANDREW HAD MADE HIS BEST TO
 CONVEY THE CONTENT ABOUT DEEP LEARNING.ALSO PROVIDED THE EFFECTIVE APPLICATION IN THE FIELD OF LEARNING PROCESS.CONTINUE THE TEACHING. WITH REGARDS,  BOBBY PUDUKADEN
The programing assignments where a bit easier than what you get with college engineering courses but overall the goal was met in that I feel like I could implement a deep neural network in a professional context with very little reference.
Thought it was very good! Wish there was a slower paced version for people who are working on a full-time basis so we can work through it more efficiently. Really impressed by the content covered and having the big picture is always great.
In general is fine. But I think that sometimes I was doing things automatically. Sometimes there is an excessive amount of tips. I would feel more satisfied if I could feel that I could write down the code by myself from scratch if needed.
The course structure was pretty good and i really loved the support that was given during the programming exercises by providing the relevant formulas necessary to implement which made the exercises a bit easier and much more fun to solve.
Very good course and intro to deep learning. I love the jupyter notebooks integration.  I was able to complete the assignments from my iPhone using Safari. The assignments were a little too easy. I didn’t feel the usual “pain” of learning.
Good refresher course for a computer vision and machine learning engineer. This helps to clear some ambiguity in neural networks and provides a very structured clear cut manner on how to have a base level implementation of neural networks.
I like the ease with which Andrew unrolls the "layers", and makes it easy. He addresses the real problems practitioners face, and tries to guide to the right path.The only downside for me is that the assignments are too rigid in structure.
Good review of the Neural network topic previously covered by the Standford generic ML course , now with Python. Exercises maybe a bit easier than before, but it is more complex to understand the algorithms using Python instead of Octave.
You could also let us build the whole algorithm from scratch.Please, correct the function "L_model_backward(AL, Y, caches)" in "Building your Deep Neural Network - Step by Step v5". The saved gradients dA_{l} actually correspond to ......
The course content is great. The theory is very well grasped, however while doing assignments in the notebook it feels like we writing what we asked to, mechanically. Maybe for freedom can be given while writing code for better practice.
great course taught a lot about deep learning one can be pretty sure that even a beginner will be capable of understanding and reasoning out every choice of decision that is made through out the course.big shout out to Andrew thank you!!
I don't think that it was necessary for this course to be four weeks. The course gives a thorough look at how neural networks work and you end up programming a neural network yourself, but I felt like the videos got a bit too repetitive.
It's a great course. I wanted something more practical, learn some python and pandas usage on ML topics so I took this one. But after the ML course by professor Ng and the Networks course by professor Hinton this course is just too easy.
Very nice introduction to the basic mathematics and the assignments were built very well, not only to implement and understand the algorithm, but also from an engineering perspective on how best to break down the problem in to functions.
This is a very good course for people with basic python skills. It is also a very fundamental course. If you know how to implement the simplest deep neural networks, you can just skip this one and take the next one in the specialization.
The course is an excellent introduction, and the concepts are put forward very clearly. In my opinion the practice notebooks are a bit over-simplified. With a basic understanding of python it's not much more than copy-paste all around.
The programming exercises involve a lot of spoon-feeding. Having more independent exercise would have helped people by making them think more.  Also, some historic references on the evolution of NNs from the 1980s would have been good.
I would prefer more practical thinking required to solve the notebooks. Also the content seemed a bit stretched out, but that may be because i have been teached neural networks before. Andrew is a great teacher . Keep up the good work!
I would just prefer if assignments took more effort than just robotically copying what they tell you to do; even after completing all assignments I couldn't necessarily say I would be able to implement the neural network from scratch.
Thank you Andrew, that was a very comprehensive and basic review for Deep Learning Enthusiasts to be like me, and I really liked the examples and re-emphasis on the dimensions of the matrix, that really helps especially for debugging.
Theory part was awesome and i understood it completely .But i think while doing the programming, there should be more elements to make us understand the coding. Many things were unknown to me, while doing the execution of the program.
This was an excellent course for an introduction to neural networks, with intuitive explanations for how they work mathematically.  However, the course could be improved by making programming exercises more challenging and open-ended.
Somewhat repetitive, and the programming examples spoon-feed you the answers. Often the formula is right above where it is needed, or the function prototype already matches the input. Why make an exercise where you just cut and paste?
Very nice intro. A small wish from a mathematician. Some conventions do exist in math for a reason (like dz, partial derivative with cursive d). I guess it's the whole machine learning community that decided to rewrite some symbols...
Everything is quite good, good quality, good explanations ,etc. However, in my opinion, the programming exercises are too guided, i.e., you do not have space for thinking about the problem, how to solve it, or using one's creativity.
Amazing course, but unfortunately did not learn much after taking Andrew NG's ML course. Though the application of that knowledge through Python was very good. I found myself rushing through the videos so I could get to the projects.
Great introductory course to deep neural networks. It is basic, but helps understanding the fundamentals of Deep Neural Networks and Python programming (requires some knowledge of any programming language) for more advanced courses.
Overall course is good.  You can progress faster if you have some experience in Python coding and also knowledge of Linear Algebra and Calculus.  4 Stars is given because the Jupyter notebook has some bugs, which can be frustrating.
Thank for this course. It lets me review my knowledge of neural network. In addition, it provides useful knowledge and experience for me and help me to understand more deep learning and how to apply and implement it in the real life
This course is interesting, although a bit slow; some ideas are frequently repeated. I was disappointed not being able to download much of the material, like slides or datasets. Interviews with field scientists are a great addition.
The basic course on Machine learning is much more explanatory then this course, this course should specify the ML course as prerequisites.  Having done that course gives more clear understanding of concepts described in this course.
Good down-to-earth information on building neural networks in python, with relevant math background. The python exercises could be more challenging: currently they give the answers away too readily and rely heavily on cut-and-paste
There is a lot of knowledge regarding machine learning in this course, but I personally feel the course could do with a bit more challenging assignments. Hats of to Andrew Ng. for the content and such a nice way of teaching things.
I find the assignments to be too "easy". I have completed the Machine Learning Course made by Andrew NG a decade ago and maybe that is why these assignments seemed too trivial. However, for a newbie they must surely be appropiate.
It was a very good and informative course. As usual, ANG was absolutely brilliant in rendering the concepts involved and giving intuitions needed to understand them. I thoroughly enjoyed the course, and hope to watch more of them.
The course is somewhat basic. In addition, programming assignments are guided too tightly - I would appreciate less structured assignments, so that I can gain a better real-life experience rather than just "filling in the blanks".
Should have been more Hands on, actually using the Neural Networks on real problems. Theory could have been more in depth. Was able to finish this Course is 4 days, I think Programming assignments could have been more challenging.
Great stuff to learn. I wish there was a bit more introduction on the math part and maybe on what will be part of actual coding and what is here to make us understand the basics behind the code of forward and backward propagation.
this was a great course to get started and get a feel of how things work.Apart from that,the financial aid that was provided helped me a lot i think you should allow people to complete the final assignment completely on their own
Andrew Ng really takes all the stress out of the complexities involved in grasping neural networks. His relaxed voice and clear explanations have really clarified some of the murkier points. "don't worry about it". He's the best.
Great course ! Really taught me a lot about neural networks. I think an additional video/information about how vectorization works would be great. More independent programming exercises may have made the course more challenging.
Overall the course is amazing, as well as Andrew.The only drawback is the back propagation modules. I think the explanation is not clear enough, and needs to have more explanation in the videos as well as step by step exercises.
The course is really good for those with no knowledge about deep learning. I believe that there is no need to specify how to vectorize every layer of the networks... showing how to vectorize layer 1, is the same as 2, and so on
Back to Basics! This course introduces you to the fundamental theory of a deep neural network. Extremely helpful for the people who are looking for an introductory course on neural networks and wish to do projects on the same.
Course was very simple for me, but there was one very good thing is that backpropagation is explained very nicely and if one did their assignment carefully than i dont think they will ever forget the logic and maths behind it.
The course was awesome. However, some parts were not explained, particularly in the code section. Like where is the data set coming from. How it is being prepared,cleaned and loaded. Also some lines of code had no explanation.
I think this course is oriented to people who do not have serious math education. I prefer to see rigorous math expressions rather than formulation based on intuition. No doubt that professor A.Ng has this level of competence.
A very short overview of neural networks. Significantly less involved than Ng's previous ML course, for better or worse. I recommend taking the older course first if you want a more in-depth understanding of machine learning.
The style of professor of making things simple is what made me inquisitive about this deep learning. This made me love for deep learning and neural networks and I'm sure that I can complete the specialization of this course.
Some of my programming assignments had incorrect predictions accuracies and they were still graded 100%.For example my model in logistic regression task had around 30% accuracy instead of 70% and I have no idea why that was.
The content covered is great. And explanations are so intuitive. The assignments are quite straight forward. If there was a system of slowly getting hints if one is stuck, then it would have been a better learning experience
Great course for beginners. I wish the programming assignments would give more autonomy to the student. I felt that because the structure and most of the functions were already there, I did not learn as much as I could have.
The programming Assignment instructions were sometimes vague, If there was extra material for helping people conceptualize the python dimensions needed for the assignment, it would be great! Otherwise this is a great course.
Very nice introduction to neural networks.There is some of the material that is passed more than once, Questions some time are not suitable to the week material and should be reordered.Some lectures need to be more polished.
A fantastic introduction to deep neural nets. The programming assignments were approachable and helped gain an understanding of the technologies. My only minor issue is that course notes were not available for every lecture.
Great additional concept that comes with the course. My only issue lies with the Notebooks, as I believe there were some inconsistencies in the "Expected" answers versus what came out. In any case, thank you for your course!
A decently organised course. But if you are already somewhat experienced in ML concepts, you'll find this to have a lot of spoon feeding which makes this quite easy. I completed this course in 3-4 days with 4-5 hours a day.
Great course. As a software engineer by trade, some of the programming assignments could have been a little more challenging, but the content was very interesting and I solidified my understanding of deep learning networks.
A really goog course to jump in the NN and DP world, obviusly this needs to have a base knowledge on Machinle Learning: not really needed on Phyton, just because the Exercices allows a good "training on the job".Thanks you
Good material. Exercises are sometimes structured so that they can be completed quite mechanically by following instructions, so it's down to the student to make sure they really stop to think and internalise the concepts.
Good introductory course. I was expecting more in-depth topics, and this series was too similar to the original machine learning course by Professor Andrew Ng. I am hoping the up-coming course 4 and 5 are more challenging.
Very good course for gaining more confident with the basics of deep learning. The difficulty of the assignments is ok and kept me motivated. Sometimes the quality of the course video was not good (the audio cut was weird)
Great Instructor, Good content Videos, the programming exercises can be a little less tough since it takes a while to get a hang of the Jupyter Notebook. Maybe a tutorial can be included to show functionality of the same.
There is considerable overlap with the 'Machine Learning' course, which could have been stated more explicitly. Besides that, I think the course is great. The exercises could have been made a bit more challenging, though.
Well taught and concise, although a certain level of redundancy when taken after the free machine learning course by Prof. Ng make the lectures a tad boring from time to time. Audio quality can be sketchy once in a while.
The explanation of concepts was great. I learnt quite a bit in this course. I only wish that the programming assignments were not so spoon-fed, and we were given an option of choosing a starter file without so many hints.
Overall a great introduction to neural networks. It would have been nice if Andrew explained how de got the backprogation equations (optional video) as it would have cleared a lot of concepts than just using the formula.
I really enjoyed completing this course, however it would be more helpful if we could receive more help in the programming assignments, since for the majority of us, it is the first time we are coding this type of stuff.
Love the course, it really went to deep to explaining how deep learning works, but i was expecting to see CNN lectures and i didn't see them. ALL the same its a course for a beginner in Neural Networks and Deep Learning.
The content with videos, quizzes and projects covers the core of Neural Networks. There are lots of math and algos  but the use of notebook projects is a good way to put in practice the theoretical concepts. I recommend!
Good course, a bit lacking on explanation in some areas and could have an option to skip some mathematics to those with more advanced knowledge. But a great introductory course and very good for revisiting old knowledge.
This course re-awakened my interest in AI. I appreciate this isn't a maths course, but I would still like to have seen the full derivation of the vectorised back propagation equations, as that's still a bit of a mystery.
the design of the notebook is too easy, actually it almost shows everything you need to complete the code. You dont even have to understand the concept when you doing the assignment, just copy/paste from the instruction
Very good intro to NN and Deep learning. I feel I really have a high level grasp of the concepts, however the assignment content was quite basic.I would have hoped the assignments would have been a bit more challenging.
Great! I really liked the lectures. My one feedback would be to leave more details out of the programming assignments so we have to figure out more of the details, but I realize that I'm biased since I'm actually in CS.
Pretty intuitive explanations. You should take some drawing out matrix dimension and forward and backward pass workflow in your own notebook to boost your intuition. The homeworks sometimes give the answer away though.
Great course if you pay attention to details and want an intro to deep learning. Few ways it can become even better is by including (even more detailed) descriptions about the libraries and files used in the notebooks.
The course is really great and I learnt a lot from it. However the subtitles of the videos should be improved. Lots of them don't match what the teacher is speaking, and it is not difficult to find typos in subtitles.
The course content is good but the assignments are very easy. The assignments for Machine Learning course were better. Still an awesome course for those who have little python knowledge and are new to Neural networks.
The course gives the learners a basic understanding about how feed forward deep neural network is, and provides a nice code framework for understanding how the modern GPU-based deep learning dev tools are implemented.
Amazing course. Andrew sir explained everything very nicely. Week 2 was a bit tough to digest but eventually the concepts were made even more clearer. Thank you very much for this course this is totally worth doing !
Pretty Amazing Course with good teaching. THe quizzes were really good as well. The assignments leave a lot to be desired though with a lot of spoon feeding being done. COuld be made significantly more open ended and
Good explanations, but I found the programming excercises to be too guided/easy. Only having to copy a function from above doesn't seem to be the best way to learn. I wish it would be a bit less guided in the future.
Course specially designed for beginnners in neural network . each concept is well explained and the programming exercise is excellent it helps to apply the knowledge you learned in the course to real life problems .
A very well explained and detailed course, it was a pleasure to have it.However, there not a lot of new things for someone who already studied the machine Learning course, I'll be looking for it in the next courses.
Simple and elegant coverage of a complex subject. Clear and explicit spiral instruction with just the right amount of repetition to enable lab work.  Labwork that solidifies concepts with real world  implementation.
Hi. Thank you for this useful course. It must have taken a lot of work. I believe that the are more necessary materials regarding this course which could be provided here. After all, it was very useful. Thanks again
Very clear course to understand how to train a NN and a DNN.Only downside: the programming exercise are too easy as most of the answers are provided in the code itself (especially the "assert" elements of the code)
Though the material in videos is covered pretty good, the programming tasks are ctrl+c, ctrl+v. Too easy, thus there is not joy of submitting them. I put only 4 stars because of the videos, otherwise it would be 3.
It's a great course, very useful. It is a great course, very useful. But in the last activity of the last programming exercise, the result is not correct, authors should review the current version of the notebook.
All the assignments were very straightforward which I found good because I hadn't programmed in python before but maybe I would have done them a little more challenging.The entire course is explained very clearly.
Sometimes handwritten notes are hard to read. Subtitling sometimes help to understand what is for example character between [ ] marks etc. If notes were clearer / written better then 5 star review would be given.
Very good introductory course, videos are easy to follow and programming assigments are useful and apply almost everything on the videos, plus they are written with lots of instructions that avoid getting stuck.
I think Andrew is an amazing teacher but the assignments are pretty easy and not so much challenging. Yeah its good for beginners but a little challenge help learners to find different ways to find the solution.
Great content, very straightforwardly presented! Would be great to get a little bit more of the derivations and calculus as well, for those of us who once aspired to rigor but have forgotten much over the years.
Excellent course. Well paced lectures with lots of helpful suggestions. The notation (and matrix dimensions) are extremely important so I'm glad that the instructors chose to spend time going over that material.
While the content taught during this course is explained very well, compared to the Machine Learning the content which is provided is lacking (lecture slides at the end, "Reading" summaries of previous lectures
If I had gone through another resource to understand what is taught here it would have taken me a whole lot more time and unnecessary energy, with this course it's like I've taken a shortcut but a measured one.
Overall I enjoyed the course and feel like I've learned a good bit. I do wish however that the practical programming assignments were a little less guided. Maybe that'll come later in the specialization though.
Pretty good over all. Programming exercices frustrating sometimes, when crucial but not general information about the numpy framework are not explained where they are needed (e.g. axis and keepdims attributes).
One of the best course to start in the Neural networks learned a lot, expect more exercises and comparatively more exercise promoting the build from scratch practice. Thanks Andrew for such a wonderful course..
Still some issues, both in content and exercises. A bit frustrating the grade was not 100% in an exercise due to a technical issue outside of my control, since grading seems to be an important thing in Coursera
Great course, if you want to learn how to build neural network in python. It uses only numpy library. Good course for beginner. However, for more theoretical understanding I would suggest go to Hinton's course.
Probably 5 stars for beginners, but if you've had some previous exposure to gradient decent, then there's quite a bit of repetition when presenting the material. I fast-forwarded through the videos quite a lot.
I loved the way videos were taught. I now understand the respect Andrew sir has on society. I had just coded a model before in PyTorch, but opening BlackBox and knowing from scratch every fundamental was great
The content of the course is very good. But writing the content with hand on a slide makes it too boring and hard to grasp. The formula should be provided in animative ways so that it becomes easy to remember.
I feel some part has issue with scoring function and it is very hard to communicate effectively so that I had to spend time for trouble shooting for scoring function to grade, I thinkBut so far very good class
Thanks to all those who have put tremendous effort to come up with this. Enjoyed thoroughly. Few minor confusions in programming assignment especially in assignment 3 (L_backward_model) can be made more clear.
It would be better if there is a hand-writing proof of how to calculate dA, dZ, dW, db step by step. This is really the most difficult part in this course. I benefit a lot from these days, thank you, Prof.Ng!
It's a good course overall. The assignment has step-by-step instruction, easy to follow. Needs more explanation on math, how to get that gradient, why W.T is here and no transpose there. Too confusion for me.
The course content is great. Unfortunately the programming assignments are not as well designed as for Andrew Ng's "Machine Learning" MOOC. They are a bit glitchy and the instructions are not always complete.
Great course, the explanations are extremely clear and the increasing level allows to easily get the complex parts. I would have liked having a bit less guidance in the projects as it almost was not requiring
Tho I've already known pretty much most of the stuff, still it's a good overview and walkthru of deep learning. The only downside may be that the homework is a bit too easy. I look forward to the next course.
please provide additional explanation of jupyter syntax as I am barely an intermediate in python.your help will be appreciated. Otherwise it is a great course and the instructor is great and well versed too!
Good course on neural network concepts. The problem is that the course is too easy and does not put enough attention on formula derivations. Instead it just gives them to you and don't expect to learn "WHY".
I really enjoyed this course as it gives a very good insight into deep learning. What I did not like is the fact the Python Notebook did not save my results several times and I had to rewrite the code again.
Good learning experience !..Could be better if students can download the data and practice the graded assignment out of Notebook. I personally don't like just writing the code without getting a feel of data.
This is a course that is quite demanded nowadays. This one it is quite easy to follow, at the beginning can be quite stressful because all that mathematical notation, but the teacher explains it REALLY good.
The course  was eye-opening journey for me. Successfully finishing the course was professional self-realization where I accept the way I was approaching problem solving in last many years has to be changed.
It showed a glimpse into the world of Neural Network and Deep Learning. Understandable, eventhough its quite short. Would be better if its a bit more lengthy,and points are explained more. Overall its good.
I think this course can afford to get deeper into the math behind neural networks. Andrew Ng is an amazing presenter, and the homework is really helpful to use as a guide to building my own neural networks.
I felt the assignments didn't contain too much coding to do by ourselves. If there was 1 more assignment where we had to build 1 neural network all by ourselves, it would have been much better for learning.
Very good overall. Loved the practical examples. Some things I would probably change: programming assignments can be pretty easy if just follow the instructions, they could have been a bit more challenging.
The course is amazing, and so much useful, specially the assignments.The only issue I see is the feedback on the errors of the assignment. When there is a bug in the code, I do not know how I can debug it.
It was a good course, though I would like more emphasis on mathematics behind the deep learning. I guess that is what next courses aim to do, more mathematics and ways to optimize our deep learning models.
Pros:Very well explained! Basics covered! Good course content!Great job by Andrew Ng. Too good a teacher! Glad to take this course.Cons:I felt assignments are too hand held. Could be made more challenging!
My first course in "Deep Learning"  and I haven't leaned the so-called "Machine Learning" before.As a student of science background (Physics), this is very comprehensive and effective course for me.Thanks,
The course is very interesting, especially in the theoretical part. It gets a little tiring for those who already have a strong base in mathematics, but it certainly helps those who come from other areas.
I appreciated this course because I understand the general idea behind a Neural Network thank to the step-by-step programming assignments. As a first introductory course to Neural Network, I recommend it.
It was a very nice course but it would have better if the lectures were provided as pdf , sometime when i need to review anything it is easier if there is a lecture note rather than watching video again.
Quite comprehensive.But it takes me some time to adopt the way of presentation of data (row are features, columns are observation), which is the opposite in statistics and tables in relational databases.
This course feels really heat the sweet spot not so much deep(not including L layers derivation, this makes anyone fear deep learning) nor too much on surface, It include all relevant knowledge to work.
Everything was still amazing overall but the notebooks still had a couple of annoying bugs that should definitely be fixed, as they can be extremely time-consuming for a paid professional certification.
Andrew NG is still superb as always. The way he teach us is the best intuitive methods. The course should be explained more in the intuition of back propagation (the things that relate to the calculus).
Week 2 is simple but very lengthy. The amount of time required to spend on that week alone made me procrastinate a lot. Otherwise, I thoroughly enjoyed learning and working on the Python Implementation.
The course was good and explained the things well. But the exercises have been made too easy. All programming is pretty much ready made. Would have helped more if we had to write programs from scratch.
It was a good course on 'BASIC Neural Networks' and in no way, offers mastery or professional-grade knowledge on deep / machine learning. Much more is needed beyond this course to master deep learning.
This is a great course. The teaching quality and the standard of course materials clearly reflect the effort the instructors put in. As a result, I have increased my understanding of NN significantly.
I know this is intended for a broad audience, but I found that the assignments were too easy. Not that they are testing easy material, but that the answers are almost stated directly in the questions.
Its a great course, but I wish things like multiclass classification and regression were also included, also I think there should be more emphasis on different cost functions and their properties etc.
Am I the only one who thinks that the professor is boring at times. This course has really taught me how much the tone and the voice modulation of the tutor affects the grasping level of the students
Very good course. Teacher: very good. Videos: very good. Explanations: very good. Exercises: good (very well planned, but didn't let room for different approaches). Math part of the course: the best.
I would like the mathematics to be tested on more heavily. Overall I enjoyed this course and learned about outlining the structure of neural networks, writing clean code, and vectorizing with python.
I now have a better understanding of the mathematical approach of a neural network and it really helps me now understand any bugs in my code much better! Great course for starting Neural Networks.
I had taken the earlier course that was Matlab based.  I found the transition to Python much tougher.  I managed to make the assignments work, but not sure that I understand why the syntax worked.
Sufficiently challenging, but felt perhaps Weeks 2 - 4 had a lot of repetition. While the repetition drove home the concepts, perhaps streamlining certain videos would save the learners some time.
Learned a lot about neural nets and deep learning but with the programming assignments it felt more like was just learning to edit notebooks than really understand how the math was using the code.
Overall a very interesting and a good course. The only downside is the programming exercises that have a lot of code pre-populated and only a few lines of code required to be filled in by student.
The hands-on is a little too guided. Probably it is that way to accommodate for people who are not so familiar with python programming. But, for those who are, it kills the learning process a bit.
The course-work was good, a mix of interesting and at times a little challenging simply because the functions were organized in a slightly confusing manner. But really educative and easy to learn.
Good introduction to neural networks. Exercises really help give understanding to the videos. Some of the material is pretty redundant...  Overall it is a very good course and is very interesting!
Very good course for those who wants to learn deep learning and are facing problem where to start. This course is good starting point. Explanation for each module is very good. Thank you coursera.
Excellent introduction to deep learning, very easy (maybe a bit too easy) to follow.I would suggest the backward propagation derivations be a little bit more detailed and mathematically rigorous.
Something i was always missing was the bare basics of how to build a neural network from complete scratch. This course was so helpful in understanding the math behind neural networks, Enjoyed It.
USP of this course is rigorous and extensive coverage of Neural Network basics. Prof. Andrew Ng has made sure we dig as deep in deep learning as possible. However, more math would have been nice.
Comprehensive insight to basics of NN with gentle touch to math and programming. One minus star comes not from the content, but the bugs in notebook grader which seems to need additional submits.
Having taken the "Machine Learning" course, this was more of a refresher, and intro to AI with python (loved the interactive assignment platform, although it's a bit harder to debug than Matlab).
As always, Andrew Ng is a super good professor. However, for someone who already has a good ML and mathematical knowledge, I found this course a bit easy. But looking forward to the next modules.
The course was quite interesting. I have learned a lot of skill related to deep learning as well as python. I want to thanks Coursera and my instructor providing such an amazing course.Thank you
The lectures are good and intuitive, however, the assignments seem to be spoonfed, even in the latter stages of the course. The difficulty could be gradually increased until the last assignment.
good course to start with the basics of ML and DL. Some math concepts could have been detailed ut explanations to other basic and minute details pertaining to DL have been brilliantly explained.
I think it would be better if there was more sophisticated applications, the 'image classification' application in the last week was a little bit direct with no to little hard-earned experience.
An awesome course. One problem: we don't really have to do things by ourselves and to write the exercises by ourselves - the solutions are in the questions. That is the only weekness! Very Good!
Great course focusing on basics to get you started with Deep Learning. I wish it had more math, proofs and derivation to provide justification for backprop. Maybe provide links to more resources
This course, and the specialization in general, lacks brevity - a lot of ideas can be formulated more briefly and up-to-point. This would make them more lucid and thus more long-term memorable.
It's pretty good since it provides a vision of how to develop a NN from scratch, although I also expected to see how usually people do this in the real world, i.e. using Tensorflow, Keras, etc.
The course starts with you having a basic knowledge of Machine Learning. It goes extremely smooth and explains each and every concept in detail, though a little less on mathematical background.
Coding Practices might be less helpful i.e. at some points it felt like we were writing/repeating codes for e.x. where already codes for some functions were given like relu, relu gradient, etc.
Great lectures and explanations of the material. The use of Jupyter notebooks is great, but overall, the course is way too easy and too much of the programming assignments are spoon fed to you.
The concept of back propagation is quite complex.It would be better if the programming assignment of back propagation module was asked to be implemented right after the explanation of concept.
The course is really great. One thing I would like is that more optional videos should be provided for those with a calculus background to be able to understand better how things are working.
It was a good introduction to deep learning, and the material was presented clearly. I wish there was industry applications, for projects, or we went over using industry tools like TensorFlow
The flow of this course is really nice. Starting from very basics, it raises it's level with the weeks. Implementing NN and Deep NN with their mathematical formula is a good experience added.
I think this is a great introductory course to Neural Networks. Looking forward for the next ones! Maybe it was too easy to complete (in my case) but might be just right for many other folks!
As usual Andrew Ng delivers an easy to follow course that gives much depth for understanding the mechanics behind deep neural networks and proper insight for the how and why of deep learning.
The grading system doesn't provide clear feedback and gives zero points when there is any mismatch from the teacher's recommended answer, whatever that might have been (since you aren't told)
I feel the assignments are made too simple. There is a lot of spoon feeding. The equations are repeated frequently. You can mostly find the direct line of program in the question explanation.
Awesome refresher/explainer of Neural Networks for anyone looking get into Deep learning. No buzz words, no fancy libraries, hands on implementations of building Neural networks from scratch.
Great course, however ipython notebook experience was rather frustrating, it keeps throwing errors and I have to re-open it and copy paste my code that hasn't been saved yet - huge hassle :(
The course syllabus is well organized and provides a good overview and understanding of Neural networks and deep learning. Also, Andrew's teaching truly motivates one to pursue deep learning
Course content was good. But the assignments could be a little more challenging. Most of the assignment felt like filling in missing words instead of actually letting us write our own code.
This is an amazing course the assignments are great and the forum is very active. The only thing i didn't like was the assignments gave to many hints still it was interesting none the less.
Picks up from the basics of neural networks and works with steady pace. I'd have liked it more if it was more mathematics extensive and have included underlying math questions in exercises.
It's a good course but Jupyter Notebook is fragile. It oftens fails to autosave and you have to redo parts of programming assignments in order to pass. Even if you clear your browser cache.
Very well made and pedagogic course covering a relatively advanced topic in an easy-to-understand way. However, I would have greatly appreciated some more challenging programming exercises.
Fantastic course. I loved the way it guides the programming assignments. For anybody starting, the programming assignments are there more to teach you more rather than to test your skills.
Everything is taught in detail, but it cannot help us improve our programming skills. It is preferable to read and try everything on our own on paper again. Anyway, it is a prefect course.
A good introduction, though if you understand matrix algebra and calculus then it's a bit slow - I feel we have a lecture which simply restates what is fairly obvious from prior knowledge.
Maybe more practice exercise after each video would be great!And maybe it's my bad but after this course i still can't make my own DNN from scratch.  :( But after all it was a great week!
I wish it included some non-guided projects as well. But anyway, not every course is the best. The material provided in this really made my learning curve exponential. Thank you for this!
Exercises were like too much spoon-feeding, I felt it would have been better if we could have coded by ourself most of the codes was also available in the discussion or in the description
Was very insightful and beneficial but I found that the assignments were too helpful and it didn't require me to actually have to think about it like a problem moreso as a guided exercise
It's good that the calculus is put to the background, but it would have been nice to have seen an optional lesson on the derivation of back propagation. Maybe that's still coming though.
Lovely structured and with the right balance between experience an theory. Only worth noting is the ease of the assignment, it lacks some challenge and therefore deters optimal learning.
I think it would have been good for the level of the course if some more emphasis had been placed on mathematics behind the nets. Apart from that, I really liked the practical exercises.
Learnt a good concepts. I have one request though, can I get the programming assignment back, I mean can I get the code that wrote? So that I can review and work further on it to improve
The lectures were extremely instructive, well paced, and well delivered.The programming assignments held our hands a bit too much to facilitate an in depth understanding of the material.
I initially thought we will use some library to implement the classifier but this course let you implement all the theory part taught by andrew ng which is the best part of the course .
I think the programming assignments can be made a bit tougher by including less hints and pre-coded methods. This way, the student will be forced to go back and look at what he studied.
The content is very good . Only one thing the coursera notebook get disconnected many times and doesn't reconnect , so have to open the note book again . It was a bad experience for me.
It has not been taught in simpler terms . I have to refer lots of other material to understand it . Anyway, the journey has been great. I will continue to learn more and four more to go
Felt as if a more hands-on assignment, perhaps at the end of the course, would be more helpful than the sort of fill-in-the-blanks style assignments that were used. No other complaints.
As Python is the main programming language, there should be a couple weeks introducing Python in this specialization's future iterations: it shall make approaching this subject easier.
Very good course, with little experience in python and calculus anybody can learn because course is well designed and programming exercise will make you feel how a neural network work.
Good material! I'd only suggest to invest more time working on the transcriptions for the videos (maybe having some written material, although the notebooks were very well documented).
This is a good course.  Very informative, sometimes the course programming assignments can be hard to follow.  However for an online class I learned a lot!  Very much worth your time.
Interesting and valuable course. However, additional guidance on the use of caches, and the vagaries of using dictionaries vs. arrays would have made the assignments less frustrating.
The course was good, but the coding assignments in week 4 were horribly flawed. This is very sad, since this was the biggest and arguably the most important assignment of this course.
It was a great course, but compared to the original Andrew NG machine learning course, I felt like it was a loss that this course didn't have the weekly notes as the older course had.
I feel like I will forget most of things even though I made notes. Additionally, some of the work had already been done in the assignment. But I don't know whether it is good or bad.
If you've taken Andrew Ng's intro to ML course, then this course will be mostly review of the neural network section from that course. A bit easy, but a good base in neural networks.
I found the sessions clear and helpful in understanding deep learning and neural networks. I would have liked to see some more detail of the statistics behind neural networks though.
It is awesome course. It is helpful course to not only know what does neural network and deep learning means but gives you confidence to experiment with it and encourages to do more.
This course provides all the necessary concepts required in Deep Learning along with hands on exercises. It's well organised and cover all the necessary concepts required. Thank you
Fast introduction with good results. To improve: video quality, make videos more informative and less abstract (a lot of them didn't help me much),  higher image quality if possible
Excellent Course which made the basics clear. The programming assignments can be made slightly more difficult so that a student can be more confident of programming a neural network
The course is awesome. Issues connecting to the notebooks sometimes. They loose connection midway too many times and work cant be saved. Have to manually take backup to avoid rework
This course is very helpful to learn and understand the concepts of deep learning; By this course I understand how to program and solve various problems. Thanks to Andrew for detail
Overall this class was very well done.  More explanation of the purpose behind the various functions and a summarization of bringing them all together would help for reinforcement.
Course content is solid. Math sections are VERY slow and repetitive, but I suppose some learners like it that way. Python code quality in the assignments leaves much to be desired.
A carefully designed course overall, but the math part is confusing. It's supposed to be basic differential calculus, but the explanations are vague, and notations are a disaster.
Great course. Professor Ng makes it extremely easy to follow along. My only complaint is that often I wished he would move faster, though to be fair I come from a math background.
Really interesting to understand the algorithm inside the neural network but some time the coding exercises are too much easy due to the given advices that make the answer obvious
I believe that the programming excersises do not offer any challenge, as they are way too helpfull even for an Online Course. Moreover the English Transcrits need much improvement
Beyond the exams in Python, the course lacks practical examples in class directly in Python, which does not help to internalize the mathematical concepts and practical execution.
The lectures and discussions were informative and Quizzes and assignments help to gauze my knowledge.THANKYOU TO CREATE THIS PLATFORM FOR MAKING OUR JOURNEY TO LEARN FASCINATING.
from this course i have gained the intution and technical details of how a neural network really works.but there was some problems of understanding regarding some parts of codes.
There seemed to be slight inconsistencies in some slides, but overall the course was good! Already having knowledge of neural network, it wasn't too hard to understand or follow.
There were some issues with video and audio quality but the course content does give you a good basic understanding of the subject and is a good stepping stone to further studies
Course seems a little slow if you have heard the Machine Learning course before. However, there are a couple of new ideas presented and I love that Python is used in this course!
the code students processed is so obvious. Do not have sense of achievement after finishing coding. Should give students some space to think not just to show the answer directly.
Very nice course. Requires prior knowledge in maths, algebra and neural networks. Derivation of gradient descend correct, very helpful but no detailled mathematical explanation.
Great Course. Very good introduction to the topic and great Jupyter Notebooks. The only complaint is that I would have liked a little more in depth math on backward propagation.
Course material was good, but the online python notebook system worked poorly.  The kernel often crashed and got stuck saving.  Submitting notebooks for grading was hit-or-miss.
It was a little slow in the beginning for a person with algebra and machine learning background but it was really good at explaining everything and building upon previous weeks.
It does a good job of going into the nitty-gritties of the foundational aspects of Deep Learning, but a bit more Linear Algebra and a little less handholding would be preferable
The course is great for beginners. Some parts in the assignments were already done which sometimes caused some confusion regarding how they were implemented and how to use them
Some issues with the assignments and the test cases. Feels like the results should be more verbose instead of just the score so that we can debug the problem more conveniently.
The programming section is a little bit too simple. There are too many instructions, and don't require any thinking while doing the exercise. The lecture is excellent as usual!
Very friendly approach to a rather complex subject, althought some emphasis on deriving the formulas for yourself should be done, to avoid problems when they aren't spoon fed.
It was a good course in general, very organized and clean, you make this stuff look simple buti think the programming exercises are too easy because you gave us too many tips.
A brilliant course designed. Helpful to start as a beginner, just that practical application other than through JUPYTER should be incorporated otherwise the course is perfect.
The course is actually a bit too easy. A large part of the programming exercises can be solved by what I would call pattern matching - as opposed to applying learned material.
Great course but almost too easy. Would appreciate a few more challenging questions to really rigorously apply the concepts.Andrew is an absolutely fantastic lecturer though.
Very good course with brilliant Andrew Ng. But it may be tough to start if you don't have some experience in AI or statistical data analysis or python programming. Good luck!
Great course with excellent methodology. To be even better, the programmation exercises should be less guided so the student can almost make deep learning projects by himself
Very detailed. Great quizzes and assignments. I love everything about this course except the audio quality (too quiet for learning on bus/train and too low quality/distorted)
You told me I didn't needed calculus/algebra for this, but some of the tests clearly require this knowledge. I have to go study this before being able to finish this course.
it's a good course, well explained, but the python assignments should have the possibility of seeing or printing the line by line code, sometimes it clarifies some concepts.
In my opinion, this lecture is good for who already knows deep learning a little bit. For those who don't know anything about that, this lecture might be a little difficult.
Good introduction course. Really liked the python scripts. Sometimes it was complicated to accomplish in time, but after some review of the videos it's possible to complete.
As the course goes on, we start getting more interested about the subject. The assignments and quiz questions are well crafted and pose no technical problems while solving.
Very good theoretical course. it moves smoothly from simple regression to deep neural networks. The main drawback is that there are no handouts of what we have been taught.
Very nice course! really enjoyed the videos, and PSET's. I would have liked a bit more explanation on what is happening in the nodes in the shallow layers and deeper layers
Maybe a Little bit less maths and more practical approach would be better. Overall a great course. Teaches a lot about neural network and also gives good intuition about it
Andrew Ng's spoon-feeding approach to teaching makes learning incredibly easy. Almost too easy - the assignments weren't challenging at all. But a fantastic and easy intro!
I really appreciated this course, as usual Andrew is a really good teacher, even if I found it a bit too easy. That's why I only put 4 stars. But let's see the next ones :)
Good starting course but doesn't contain information on how the mathematical equations were derived. Just a bunch of formulas and the course is about using those formulas.
the course is passed in wonderfull way that there is no chance of not understanding the material the assignments are not complecated but there is a problem with the grader
This course gives you a very grounded vision of neural networks, although from time to time it gets kind of slow it's a very good starting point for unexperienced students
The way that materials are conveyed through this course, is not easy for everyone to understand but for someone in the field like me, was pretty well-organized and useful.
The course is very interesting, and really have a simplified way to explain the concepts.Hope if the instructor would cover how data can be prepared for deep learning use.
Very good course in terms of materials and explanations.The autograder gave me a lot of technical errors requiring me to resubmit the same assignment unchanged many times.
A Great course to understand Deep Learning "Deeply".Although little confusing at some point while mapping equations to code but rest a very elaborate and detailed course.
Pros: Great introductory to NN. Everything explained thoroughly. Nicely structured assignments.Cons: Annoying typos in videos. programming tasks give no challenge at all.
The material in the course was overall good. I wish there was room to explore some of the calculus / derivations that were brought up in the back propagation discussions.
Seems like we repeated same steps more times than needed (building with one, two and L layers in 3 lectures, while it generalizes quite easily to L layers from the start)
I would like to have a bit more detail on calculus or some programming that was not so much "fill-in the blanks". Otherwise the lectures are clear and easy to understand.
The information is nicely presented, but I find it a bit low level, which is probably acceptable for this course considering that many people enrolled have no background.
I liked the lectures a lot but I felt like too much of the HW was done for me. Sometimes it didn't feel like I was learning when the answers were mostly completed for you
I hoped there will already be an introduction to tensorflow and exercises could be a little harder. Still very good course taught by great teacher with excellent English.
Assignments are pretty obvious/Spoon-feeding i.e, there were commands in comments and we just need to type them in a notebook cell.  Except that remaining part was great
Interesting, but somewhat easy. Would've liked more deeper discussions on the actual derivations with calculus. Looking forward to the next course in the specialization.
Create course to learn the basics and theory behind neural networks....  It would have been nice if there was an additional week that derived the formulas for gradients.
One of the best explanations on the topic and hands-on labs are provided by this course. Absolutely recommended if you want to start a career in the field of ML and AI.
I feel it needs more theory and the programming exercise need to be more involved not just asking to fill in some gaps, but requesting to do things from scratch as well
Very happy with understanding the basics of the course. Enjoyed the pace as well as the attempts to work through some of the calculus for derivatives. Much appreciated.
too theoratical , I don't know if it is really practical enough in the industry-case , but great teaching skills form the Andrew Ng , He really is a talented instructor
Awesome course. Let's you understand the inner working of the algorithms at work. Andrew also provides good advice on how to tackle ML problems in real world scenarios.
It would be better to replace handwritten formula with printed formula, cause sometimes the handwritten superscript is not easy to be recognised, which distract a lot.
It was a great experience and actually, I was quite impressed by the way this course was designed and of course, maths was not that fun but yes, it was very important.
I would really appreciate substantive feedback on my errors - I am not a strong python user, and would love the chance to up my game by learning from my syntax errors.
It's great overall but makes you nervous when the correct code with correct output has problems getting graded. I had to rewrite the code from scratch to make it work.
Perhaps it is too early for reviews as this is initial stage .... was looking for a bit more pragmatic approach, however on the other hand - theory is a foundation....
It was a very good learning experience. Thank you Andrew Ng sir.  Assessments can be made bit more challenging enforcing a thorough knowledge of the topics discussed.
Great explanations overall! However, the challenges don't seem deep enough (pun intended). You are basically told what to do without any room for error or creativity.
This is an excellent course, and I very much appreciate the mathematical approach -- but the interplay between math, notation, and terminology was at times confusing.
Interesting course but the homework assignments were at times frustrating. The use of global variables made things more confusing than they probably should have been.
I had Andrew Machine learning course prior to this one, due to that course material become a bit boring. But re-formulation with focus of deep learning is quite nice.
Professor Ng's instruction was great.  The exercises were good, although the answers to the coding portions were spoon fed to the student a little more than I'd like.
Good course for beginners and teaches each and every concept step wise. A small suggestion to modify the assignments in order to make it more challenging for students
The only problem is that it's a beginner course.If you have already completed the Machine Learning Course By Ng from Stanford University you dont learn anything new.
Exercises implement a lot of the code. Their should be versions for more confident coders ,where they takeup the challenge to implement the entire problem themselves
Great CourseWas interesting The videos aren't too lengthy and also the information is provided just right1 less star because the assignments can be made a bit harder
Andrew Ng is a excellent professor and the structure of this course seems to me too well defined. May be the programming assignments could be a bit more challenging.
It was a great journey so far. The course helps me a lot to understand the basic structure of the neural networks. Hope the remaining course will be more enjoyable.
There should be lecture notes and slides posted at the end of each week before the quiz (as in the Machine Learning course). Other than that, everything is perfect.
This is an excellent course to get your hands dirty into raw neural network. Andrew sir is a great teacher and teaches the concepts in a very easy to grasp fashion.
thought there will be more math in this, probably the things I thought would be more covered will be in the other courses. Andrew is of course a phenomenal teacher.
Some of the mathematics are confusing.I followed machine learning and here the representation of the X-matrix, ... is different. This is causing me some confusion.
Good introductory content on the subject. A little bit hard to grasp the abstractions and algebra at the beginning but it worth the effort to try to understand it!
Good overview. Programming assignments are seemed a bit confusing. It will be helpful if we have more printed materials for video lessons summarizing formulas etc.
I have enjoyed the course a lot. I have already done the machine learning course by Andrew Ng, so a lot of the course felt similar. It is very intuitive and clear.
I linked the ease with which Prog. Ng has explained each building blocks of Neural Network and deep learning. I would have loved to know more on the calculus part.
While you do get a high level overview of the basics of neural networks, the code is basically written for you, which takes away from the real learning experience.
I was trained with octave/matlab programmimg. I felt some difficulty with python. It would be better if we had an option between both. Others were all super fine.
It was an excellent learning experience.  The support of Mentors (Paul T Mielke) was immense. The last assignment should have the two tasks in separate notebooks.
it's a good fundamental course for those who want to start in deep learning. and it's mostly theory based approach so you have to learn to code from other modes.
The teacher was excellent in giving the theoretical overview. But it will be better, if the problems are also discussed after the programming assignment is done.
Wonderful course But needed to be more Practical implemented in tutorials, so that when Students solve an problem he/she may have an rough idea towards solution.
I am elated to complete this successfully. I thank our mentor Andrew Ng for explaining things easily. The assignment helped me understand the topics better. Yay
I really enjoyed the course, Andrew Ng is a very good professor with deep knowledge in Deep Learning, I will definitely check out his other courses on Coursera.
I have got more insight on how neural network works internally. I have gain more understanding on the derivation of the equations. I enjoyed the course, thanks.
Very good introduction to NN but, in my opinion, the programming assignments hold your hand too much to the point of essentially giving you the answer at times.
An excellent introduction. However, I think it would be better if the student implemented more of the code, as was the case in the original Matlab based course.
Andrew is the Best but I think course is too deep technical for me.If you want to learn the basics and main structre of NN, learn math then follow this course.
I really enjoyed the course. I would say however that the programming exercises are too easy, I think you should let the student write more code by him/herself
Except from the grading problem i met in the last assignment, which delayed my completion of the course for 2 weeks, i'm really satisfied with everything else.
some how the videos are as crisp as they should be. this causes stress for me as I cannot some times and at some points of presentation not hear what he said.
A bit slow in my opinion but otherwise good. I think it could be done in 2 weeks if it is made a bit denser. Otherwise a good introduction to neural networks.
Right level of math and intuition.  Programming assignments we pretty simple but also helped with the intuition.  The video and audio quality could be better.
Good Course, I have learnt the neural networks. Basics of python programming would be an added advantage for a beginner to learn the coding faster. Thank you
Amazing detail in the course. Would have liked the assignments to have less spoon-feeding. But that effort Andrew has spent on this course has been inspiring
Its a very good course to start with. It gives the you foundation of deep learning and programming exercise , quizzes really helps in grasping the knowledge.
The assignment were not challenging enough. They were more like tutorial, with most information to solve the problem readily available in the markdown cells.
Good course for understanding basics, but little heavy of programming side for non-programmers like me. The host is good, the content, explanation is great.
The course is a bit too simplistic at times. I think making this course (optionally) more challenging for some individuals would fit everyone's needs better
Could learn how the black box works. Now I need to look elsewhere how to load and read my images outside cousera's kernel when I am building my own deep net
Could explain math(derivatives) in depth in optional videos for added clarity. Otherwise, course taught me a lot about neural networks. Very well explained.
Amazing course. Although I think that the jupyter notebook platform reduces the need to code alot thus decreasing learning capability, the course was great.
Andrew Ng is a great professor, I am glad he created this course using Python as the programming language. I finally understood how backpropagation works...
In general, there's a good balance between theory and practice in the course. However, if you want more in-depth explanation, you'd have to look elsewhere.
The course offers a very convenient way to get onboarded with Neural Networks and Deep Learning and gives the confidence required to build up our skillset.
concepts explained by the professor are easy to understand.it would be good if there are few practice questions for us to practice for better understanding
A good basic introduction. Programming homework could be a bit more challenging, there is a bit too much guidance. Maybe an optional tip system would help.
It was very nice lecture but little easy because i already completed 'machine learning' course.It's good to review and experience with python code was nice
It is very helpful for someone who wants to learn deep learning from scratch and especially the programming assignments. They teach you the implementation.
It was a bit confusing in first notebook of week 4. But overall course is very good. Now I have a sound understanding of deep learning and math behind it.
I like the course in general but I wish programming stats were more demanding, it felt like everything was prepared ahead and minimal thinking was needed.
Great overview of the maths and logic behind Deep Learning and Neural networks. This is the way to start learning this topic. Thank you so much Andrew Ng!
it was a good course to start getting into deep learning, i sure have learned alot, i had some difficulties but i managed to finish the course, thank you.
Very good to understand the math and also the minute level in implementing a neural network. This course should be followed up with Tensor flow tutorials.
I believe that programming assignments should be judged by output quality rather than by how close are they to the steps given in the explanation notebook
Very clear and exhaustive lectures and training excercises. A tougher (less guided) assignment at the end of the course would help to learn things better.
Great introduction, though it would have been slightly better to expand on use of Python a bit more as well as short discussion on use cases of NN and DL.
It's a very good course! A little bit repetitive on the last weeks, it could be shortened since we already learned about forward and backward propagation
This course is very helpful for understanding neural networks and deep learning. I build my concept from the scratch and I thanked the Coursera platform.
Good introduction to the field of neural networks and deep learning. The instructor is engaging and clear and the programming assignments were quite fun.
this course is usefull but assignements should be harder, there is a lot of code written for you and the code that students have to write is guided a lot
great course but if there is something about Keras or tensorflow in this course, it will help students know how deep learning actually works in real jobs
Very familiar Introduction and in depth knowledge. I like the instructor is explaining about calculus and it's fundamentals. For beginner it can be great
Excellent explanation of theoretical part (videos)Programming exercises a bit boring, since you only need to fill very small gaps into a larger framework
Great course for learning the theory of neural networks, with a lot of hands-on programming exercises to help you apply the concepts in the form of code.
İ think the chain rule and the derivation of back-prop formulas should be explained for clear comprehension. Thanks for beneficial course. Best regards.
I think it is difficult for me to understand all lectures. Compared machine learning course by Andrew Ng, these lectures are more skimming and skipping.
A very good course, albeit having followed the Standford Machine Learning course, there is not much new, save some important nuances and clarifications.
Very friendly to beginners, but too simple and low-speed for those who have some basics. All in all, a good course to begin your study of deep learning.
Too much guidance in programming excercises. I would prefer to have guidancefor just input / output, and all other things leave me to figure out myself.
This course covers the basics of neural networks in the most understandable format, highly recommended for anyone trying to break into the world of ML.
I have enjoyed the course a lot. Its basic and easy to follow, but very good to bring back some calculus concepts and fully understand backpropagation.
The backpropagation and cache concepts are little confusing because the W.T in video is considered as W in programming assignment.So It can be improved
great overview of NN-s; even though the math is involved for backprop, an optional unit on its derivation would have been nice along with the intuition
The course was absolutely fine but in the last week i cannot understand how the function made on another notebook was imported and it wasnt explained.
The content of the course was good but I had problems with submitting/saving assignments and had to redo my work a couple of times on two assignments.
Coding Genius but Conceptually Brief and Insufficient (as Dr. Ng emphasizes the fact that the Math is tough and just coding it and applying is enough)
A very good jump start to the wonder world of Neural Networks.Also can be used as a recap, if it is a while ago and you want to have a refresh course.
After having taken the Machine Learning course before, this first course did not add many new elements, other than transfering the knowledge to Python
5 stars if you haven't already seen the material before. I felt like this was a redundant with what Andrew covered in the NN module of his ML course.
Overall it is very informative, however some things repeat themselves maybe a few times too often. However you could also skip it if it were boring.
I think if you have learned caculus before, some video is useless. However, the programming assignment in this course is amazing, it is incrediable.
Interesting introduction to the world of neural networks and deep learning. The programming tasks are quite complex because of the notation adopted.
Andrew is a great instructor.. I took his earlier deep learning course which I think was a big help is getting a deeper understanding of the basics.
Excellent refresher on neural network basics. At the end of the course I really got a big boost in my understanding of the basics of neural networks
The overall course content is really awesome, but it will better to provide a resource for the math behind every neural network operation.Thank you
The assignments weren't challenging enough. Almost felt like I was being spoon fed. The video content was good and the teaching style is also good.
Very compact. Little bit repetitive.conclusion : must concentrate on every word but don't have to be sad although you can't understand a few words.
It was indeed an honor for me to be the part of these sessions. This course really helped me to understand about neural networks and Deep Llearning
I think it supposed to have much more mathematical background of backpropagation rather than intuition or more resources about that would be great.
The programming assignments were very straight forward. I know this course is for a wide audience but I would have like less help in the notebooks.
After the Introduction to Machine Learning in octave this is a perfect follow up course to learn and implement a model from scratch. It was helpful
Code felt mostly like a syntax test, be good to find a way to better test the application of the theory and not just converting the math to Python.
Felt they have done too much for you. And the matrix is somewhat not clear enough. Overall still pretty good course to start with. Ez to understand
Good in general, especially for those who is looking for basic understanding of deep learning and its implementations more than the math involved.
This is an emotional experience to partecipate into this online course provided by deeplearning.ai, i'm ready to follow all courses, See you soon!
I learnt a lot regarding the derivation of back-propagation algorithm. I also enjoyed the side-talks with some experts in the field. Great course!
The course was very good. Although it could be better. Lectures and codes could be available for download, so we could review them after a while.
Great course! I learned a lot. The assignments are challenging but do hold your hand a bit (which is my only reason for giving 4 instead 5 stars.
Great lecture videos, but the assignments lean a bit heavy on pre-written code. However, this definitely positions you to build your own deep NN.
Theory explained very well. It's a true pleasure to learn a quite tough topic. However, I'd like to see more explanation on the programming part.
Thanks. I learnt how to build a neural network and learnt forward and backward propagation,more significantly, I know how to achieve it by codes.
lectures are 10/10but jupyter notebook assignments crash frequently and it is very time consuming to finish an exercise (due to technical issues)
Excellent course, albeit the assignments near the end doesn't seem to be as well constructed thus making it more time-consuming then needs to be.
Everything is awesome. Thank you Andrew sir. A little request -need a simple explanation about L-layered backpropagation. Keep doing great work!
Very good course. I learned a lot! My only complaint is that the coding projects were so structured that they could be done somewhat mindlessly.
Great content but most of the programming exercises were completely guided. Maybe add some extra exercises (optional) that are more challenging.
This couse is good enough to learn from the deep basic and much more deeper than that. So I love this couse to learn and love to code, technics
It would be great we can write our own functions to some functions like predict and unpacking data which will help us in real world situations.
The tutorial videos were very easy to absorb. The assignments on programming were pretty tough but manageable. Learned a lot from this course!!
Great course, give a solid base of deep learning. It would have been easier if I had some knowledge of python before taking this course though.
Some concepts are difficult to put into practice in reality, but it is remarkable that they do their best to make people understand. THANK YOU!
Good overview of the topic. The programming exercises were a bit too easy and straightforward (didn't require that much thinking for yourself).
A very interesting course but perhaps with a lot of maths. Although theory is a little hard and you need some previous knowledge I recommend it
Totally enjoy this course, very dynamic with the videos, explanations step by step and assignment excercises and quizes. I would recommend it.
Good Lesson to Start, learned new things(litlle but very important) about NN. But I would like to learn deeper about how these things came up.
The programming exercises were a bit too easy. Barring that, this is a wonderful course and teaches you neural networks right from the basics.
Good class. Some content is dealt with a little bit sloppy. Could be solved by adding more extra material concerning mathematical derivations.
Another gem by Andrew Ng. Although, I felt that the last assignment ( Create a Deep Neural Network) could have been explained in a better way.
The concepts were made easier and its a very good course to get started which provide the strong insights of what neural network is all about.
Really good course work. The Matrix Calculus for the back propagation could have been explained a little better but overall an amazing course.
excercises can be mouch more involving as mostly the answers were written above so I did no thave give more thought about the  questions asked
This could be a bit meatier. Perhaps it's not fair to judge the specialization by this introductory course, so I'm staying the course for now.
Everything is good, except assignment evaluation. Lots of disturbing bugs during submission...However, it is still a highly recommended course
Good course! Sometimes a bit more context would be great. It' not always entirely clear why we are doing things the way Andrew describes them.
the content is very good. The excersises are a bit "a copy and paste" procedure. I hope it changes for the next courses of the specialization
It was a great course overall.I had much better understanding on the gradient descent,forward and backward prop concepts.Thanks to Andrew Ng.
Excellent course, great material. Only complaint is assignments are a bit too easy, a little too much hand holding for my taste but oh well..
Please stop giving soo much detailed explanation of every step in the assignment. let the student ponder and do the assignment on their own.
Excellent explaining by Andrew NG sir. I guess a bit more concentration on the python syntax would have made this much better for an amateur
Awesome introduction to Neural Networks but if you took the previous course the only novelty will be Python. Either way, great way to start.
A very inforamative and well-structured course. 4 stars because the assignments are quite trivial! (was expecting more challenging problems)
Assignments are mostly copy/pasteThe maths behind gradient descent are too shallow, would not have understand much if I did not know already
An introduction on machine learning.I think that is quite comprehensive and usefull for someone who wants to get familiar with AI concepts.
A very conceptual course that starts from basics, gets a bit tough but very good overall. Thank you, Coursera and Prof. Andrew NG for this.
It was truly a very informative course, and best for any beginners in the field of Deep learning.The assignments were very well structured.
In assignments focus was more on writing code as taught in lectures rather than exploring the effect of various parameters and their values
Great videos by Prof. Ng, as always. A bit too repetitive at times, but I guess that might also be good for the concepts to really sink in.
A lit bit of Practical Coding would have helped more. But overall the course was very informative and complete. Had a wonderful experience.
this course is kind of revision of the machine learning course by Andrew Ng.Expect a lot more in the coming courses of this specialization.
With experience using deep learning in practice, this course was easy. But nicely structured and I got a good feeling for upcoming courses.
Great class!! I highly recommend it. I didn't give it 5 stars because there are a few errors in the coding exercises that need to be fixed.
This course provides a good introduction to deep learning methods for computer vision applications ,but It does not focus on too much math
I like the way by which sir explain the mathematical concepts of deep learning. That is our pleasure to learn from such experience person.
This is an amazing course, I have learned a lot of things and the practice exercises give me a better understanding of the neural network.
Another Great course by Andrew. However sometimes this felt repetitive since I have completed the "Machine Learning" course prior to this.
Good introduction to Neural Networks. I think it could involve more real world examples to help get a better understanding of applications
Useful review of Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course - I would have preferred that the programming assignments be a little more difficult.
Very similar with "Machine Learning by Andrew Ng". The difference is here we are learning how to make modular functions for deep learning.
Nice new learning for me. Did never do this before.. Easy to understand and I think this will be an important factor in our future lives.
Assignment were easy to implement as tips were given. Every function required us to write only few lines which made it more ease to code.
The course is good but bit confused during mathematical implementations. It would be better if it was explained detailed in more sequence
This course structure is indeed very good. It would have been great if the deepnet libraries like TensonFlow are introduced very briefly.
The course structure is fantastic.It would be helpful if you guys give more emphasize on useful utility functions related to image plots.
Good int terms of basic understanding. Hyperparameter selection and feature engineering is what i would like to see more in this course.
Would be better with more optional video to go further in some calculation for people with more knowledge in calculus.Otherwise amazing.
The videos did a very good job of explaining the process.  The programming assignments were a little easy for an experienced programmer.
Good course but most of the content is a rehash of the introduction to ML. The only difference is that it uses python instead of matlab.
Assignments are a little buggy, but I'm sure that they will get those worked out in the future. But overall, a good foundational course.
Excellent course to begin with Deep Learning Fundamentals and for building a NN model. More focus can be given for feature engineering.
Good! Learned a lot in this course. But there is still some mistakes in this course, especially the programming assignment 1 in week 4.
Thanks, first of all. I would have liked to be able to download the materials with ease, since sometimes I have no internet connection.
clear explainnation for fundamentals, love this clarity. hope got more deep into the rationales, not only the instructional knowledges.
very good course. Really enjoy Andrew Ng's instruction. He is very clear and includes the appropriate amount of detail and foundation.
The only problem in the course that I faced was the audio issue. Apart from that, it has been a wonderful experience. Thank youKanishk
Very Good Training Material , Video by Andrew NG & Step by Step Programming Exercises . Complex Subject is made easier to understand !
Very good teaching material, lectures are interesting and engaging. However, programming assignments could have been more challenging.
Very easy to understand for a beginner and well paced. I feel like I now have a concrete understanding of neural network fundamentals.
Great intro to deep learning from the ground up by Andrew NG. The perfection is just a bit short of his earlier Machine learning MOOC.
this was a very nice course. the instructor has a good amount of knowledge on subject a good start to the vast field of deep learning
the content taught is the course is very good, but they are recorded many years ago. So the audio and video quality looks pretty bad.
Much helpful in understanding the concept of neural net. This course also helps  you to understand the applications of deep learning.
Andrew Ng is just unbelievable.This course made me wonder many more things in the field of neural networks.I just wants to thank him.
Very detailed solution. But can improve by providing more mathematic induction content as optional material. I am keen to learn that.
A very wonderful course for anyone who wants to learn DEEP LEARNING. Covers all the concepts from the basics and Andrew is amazing!!.
Nice way of teaching by Andrew.Ng. I liked the course. After seeing the videos I was able to complete the assignment and quiz easily.
Great course, but it will be quite difficult to remember all formulas. One document summarizing those formulas would have been nice.
After understanding the math of the shallow NN, too much time is spent on showing the exact same calculations for the deeper network
Greate course with in detail understanding of each of the working bases of Neural Networks and hands to implement them from scratch.
A little too much of the code was pre written. Also trying to export the iPython notebooks to .py files results in un-runnable code.
Good intro to neural networks with focus on applications. The assignment problems could be more challenging (with lesser directions)
Easy to follow; The copy-paste exercises enable thinking about the whole and do not enforce the nitty-gritty knowledge on low level.
Well thought course and very useful. The grading of some programming assignments contains bugs, probably because this class. is new.
Mr. Andrew is very educative teacher and explain in a clear way all content. Some content were a bit repetitive, especially week 4.
overall the course was awesome.Initially had some doubts regarding the matrix sizes but they were all cleared later down the course
Very good introductory deep learning course. It could go a bit deeper into more complex ideas. The pace feels a bit slow sometimes.
Could have included second course here. Too little content for 1 course but it covers the very core fundamentals and does it well.
It would be better if all the lecture slides are clearer, with less handwriting. The slides should be avaliable online for review.
informative, to the point and very clear .concepts have been beautifully elaborated for beginners, so its quite easy to understand
still have to dig into the math of back prop myself, but thanks for the notebooks, at least i have something to check against! :D
You can quickly get access to build a deep neural network project on your own. And clearly understand the logic behind the codes.
Course content was great. However, the feedback from the graders was somewhat vague, not actually indicating what was done wrong.
This is a very good course, the exercises are curated especially for beginners .Good Linear Algebra skills will definitely help.
Having the interviews later in the course would have been more valuable, as we would have had the background to appreciate them.
As usual, Andrew is a great pedagogueNonetheless, I put 4 stars since there is too much guidance in the exercices in my opinion.
It was a good course and the teaching was well done, but I thought it could have been more challenging to increase the learning.
A update as basic background knowledge of python basics would be nice for a person who has no history of writing code in python.
A good introductory course.Some issues with the homework graders and with the some of the notations in a programming assignment.
Really Good course , Would be able to understand it if you have descent knowledge in algebra and matrices ! Overall Very good .
This course really helped me get an idea of how neural networks work also it helped my learn calculus related to deep learning.
Please teach programming or coding via videos to some extent and not just focus on theoretical or concept based video learning.
Excellent course, i dont rate 5 stars only because some of the contens are simillar to the first course i've taken with andrew.
Nice refresh on neural nets, though I'd really love some more background about matrix calculus used for backprop during course.
Brilliant exposition. I would like programming assignments that went deepere conceptually as well as just syntax and structure
I think that the programming task need a little more freedom in order to force the student to comprehend more the task at hand
It is not just a detailed explanation but it also teaches how to organize the program in a modular way for easy understanding.
Programming assignments could be more difficult and demanding. Some of the questions are basically copy paste of the formulas.
I like the idea of using Jupyter Notebooks but I think you did too much for the student and it can affect learning negatively.
Good course for the people who wants to start learning neural networks..Thanks a lot for the team for providing good material.
That's really a nice course! I recommend for every one who's interesting about I.A, specially about Artificial neural network!
Ilumination and louder speaking could be better. But the material is great and Andrew is so passionate about it. Great course.
A very intuitive and structured course for beginners who aspire to dive into the world of deep learning and neural networks .
Generally, this is a great introductory course.But as someone with a non-CS background, I felt a dearth of practice material.
Good assignments, throws you right into building networks. Doesn't get too into the math if you're not into that kinda thing.
Assignments are not helpful completely. It gives the overview but not insights as most of the functions are already written.
Good intro to neural networks. Programming exercises are organized well. Week 4 is quite similar to Week 3, it can be merged
The course is very good to understand the neural networks.  I love it.  I wanted the assignment to be a little more complex.
After each weeks Video if there was a block diagram of sequential process of that weeks work,it would have been more helpful
Not very thorough in mathematics, but I think that's what the author intended to do. Other than that, everything is perfect.
Loved the course! The lectures taught me a lot about deep learning. But the assignments were too easy. They could be harder.
the explaining was great but the grading system was a bit frustrating other than that the course is great and i learned alot
Course was great, but the instructions for the assignments (other than assignment 3) could have been clearer and simplified.
An excellent opportunity to learn the most important
concepts of NN and Deep Learning with detailed and useful explanations.
Need more tests after videos as they help to highlight important aspects and less copy paste fragments in programming tasks
Too much repetitions of the same things. May be good for "re-enforced learning", but for me became a bit boring in the end.
GOOD introduction for new Deep learning learner.Like the assignment in IPython Jupitor!Hope can have deeper material though
The best course you can find on deeplearning, however it can be improved by introducing the Keras or any high level library
Overall a good tutorial. However, the math behind it needs more explanations. Maybe consider doing some extra math content.
practical and easy to understand.The use of python notebooks is not as good as Matlab\Octave that was used in other courses
Very poor feedback I'm not expecting a super elaborated answer, but  you could be a little more explicit about the errors.
This course helps the students to get the knowledge of the deep learning and neural networks with the best way of teaching
The assignment is quite simple, sometimes even repetitive, it will be better if the assignment can have progressive depth.
From learning point of view, this is very good start for basic understanding of ANN.Provided coding structure is not good.
Nice lectures and detailed explanation of all the concepts. But the coding has very difficult without the basics of python
Good introduction to NN, very nice explanation of the concepts and mathematics behind NN. Exercises are quite easy though.
Good 101 course with bolts and nuts explanation. Could have been more engaging if the inline python code helps are removed
Wish there was more mathematical explanation but other than that a great course. Plan on finishing the rest of the series!
Thank you for your class,but i can't understand the reason of the back propagation.I will continue study hard to find it.
Great material and course, I didn't like programming through a browser though. It is hard to debug your code in that way.
Great introduction to neural nets. The clear step-by-step explanation of back-propagation is the highlight of the course.
Feels like we are writing lots of duplicating codes (coding wise we could move faster).Otherwise I love the explanations.
Actually, At the end of the week4 assignment, L_layer_model problem not worked as expected. There might be some problem.
It's a great course and some hands-on coding examples. I wish there would be a task which you do completely on your own.
Enjoyed this course, especially the assignment part. It was fun to get a more detailed understanding of neural networks.
Thank you.Could you please give us some exercises to tackle Interview questions in Deep Learning based Management roles?
This course is great from point how to intuitively describe difficult math inside NN, but practical tasks are very easy.
there should be proper comment for each block and assert error is a big chalange , sometimes i was irritated due to it.
The coding part is ambitious. There is no flow in coding that needs an improvement. Overall this is a very good course.
Little more introduction to vector calculus -- dA[l-1] from dA[l] was unclear how the transposed matrix pre-multiplies.
Very well explained and the content is great but it 'll be better if had more exercises at least in the last two weeks.
Course was pretty good, but the coding exercises was not as well designed as the previous Andrew Ng course for basic ML
The course is very comprehensive and clear. But I would have loved to dive in the more mathematical side of the things.
A really good course. The way it was taught was really easy to understand. I loved the programming assignments as well.
Very interesting course with a focus on the theoretical backgrounds which are behind neural network and deep learning.
The programming assignments are very good and informative. But the same approach must be done in the lectures as well.
it was really a great experience... the course structure is good and is highly recommended to the beginners out  there
This course has taught me the basics of deep learning.  I have also understood how to use the numpy package in python.
It is a exception course in it self, prof. Andrew is also a perfect mentor and teacher to go through with this course.
Need to provide more data and installation explanations for beginners, it will be helpful to get better understanding.
Course was all right. I would appreciate more in-depth explanation of the derivation of some of the formulas provided.
The overall course is pretty good. The only confusing part is about week4 assignment that uses the redundant variable.
Very helpful.Thank you.I want you to have a complete Japanese translation.I did not understand English in some places.
Felt the assignments were a bit to "cookie cutter" and didn't require much though or effort. Material was taught well.
Basic knowledge about neural network, including foward propagation and backward propagation throught matrix operation.
Sometimes the course looks likes very hard, mostly on videos classes, but when you practice you learn in a better way
Backpropagation mathematical derivations were a little bit not clearly explained. Rest, course was more than awesome.
maybe make the assignments less bootstrapped. the current version is not fun to do because the comments help too much
Good information but programming assignments were to easy. They were mostly copy and pasting with no problem solving.
The course is excellent. I prefer going deep into the mathematics under the hood and that is what this course lacked.
The assignments could've been tougher. But I understand it has to cater to a larger audience with no math background.
Interesting course, but the exercises had a lot of hand-holding making them too easy, to the point of copy and paste.
There needs to be atleast optional exercise for the  supporting functionality like data loading used inthe exercises.
The course could have a bit more leeway in terms of how it guides during the code. Feels like spoonfeeding at times.
As a sophomore,its programming assignments are too easy for me,i hope it can provide more challengeable assignments.
This has been a great course helping me learn the complexities of Neural Networks.  Learning from Andrew is a bonus!
Thanks, Andrew NG for these great learning materials. The programming assignments and lectures are the best matches.
DEEP LEARNING Andrew NG is really excellent .Theoritical  concepts is easily explained. thanks to coursera team also
Its a nice introductory course. Would have been better if it included Mathematical derivations of the functions used
Good course for beginners, quite easy to approach. It might require some more details and heavier math explanations.
Excellent aproach to deep learning tools and a great motivation to think in ways for aplly it in real life projects
I like this course. It has stable learning rate for a newbie to learn deep learning related knowledge. Thank you!!!
The content is a bit too easy but in general it is a good course for those who haven't learnt deep learning before.
I found the coding in this course to be rather difficult, but I completely understand how neural networks work now.
This is a preety good course for beginner in deep learning because you have to implement whole network in scratch .
I believe it was a good course for beginners, i will not recommend this one for persons with prior knowledge of ML.
Great entry point into Deep Learning, though as a mid career professional I get a bit overwhelm by the mathematics.
Being a beginner, I feel that the coding assignments were a bit tough for me. Can the coding part be made simpler?
A bit more emphasis on the backward propagation derivatives would have helped to developed more intuition on this.
The course is interesting but taught in a very monotonous way. It can be taught with more interaction and examples
Great course: Andrew is a superb teacher. I would have preferred however to get access to more challenging quizzes
Mathematical aspect can be (and should be) stronger. But it's probably the best course available online right now.
It's generally a great course. But I think there's too much guidence, and less for students to think on their own.
Overall good experience, assignments are fun.Feels like Prof Ng should have explained more in implementation part.
Very basics of artificial neural networks. A good introduction. Looking forward to the rest of the specialisation.
Nice course, even though i already knew big parts of it because i already had the Machine Learning Certification .
I really like the content and the explanations, but the assignments are a little bit too easy .. too much guidance
Nice course although the assignments should be a bit more challenging and the python notebooks easier to download!
It help me learn the coding part in more deeper way of deep neural networks. Thanks for that, really appreciated.
Learned many things about deep learning. Previously I only use build-in code, but I know how to write my own code
The course was very well taught by Andrew. The exercise materials were very well designed and were easy to follow
This course is very good for the basic understanding of the building blocks of neural networks and deep learning.
Very good course provides a in-depth knowledge. Some problem with the grader but, i hope it'll increase with time
Perhaps the course makes it too easy to guess the right formula rather than truly understanding what is going on.
Perfect to start Deep Learning journey. Andrew is awesome in explaining to detail. Quiz should be little tougher.
Great course...well worth the effort. Andrew Ng is tireless when it comes to explaining the math behind it all...
The assignments are way too easy. They should give a lot less structure to be meaningful learning opportunities.
Some of the contents are repeated too much but the content is really good to build a good basis in Deep Learning
Pretty good but I think I could use something with a little deeper math background... or less complete notebooks
Great course, very precise. Only one recommendation: maybe the programming assignment should be more challenging
Home work environment is not stable. Also it would be nice to add some tensor flow for home work practice tasks.
Good, a bit too easy on the theory and exercises for my taste, but I do recognize that is good for a wide public
Got some technical issues with the last programming assignment.But the course is really interesting and helpful
Hands down the best way to learn BP is to write things from scratch and this course taught me that. Big thanks!
The programming assignment has too much scaffolding which results too little struggling for deep understanding.
Course content is great. For someone with basic mathematical knowledge it directly puts them into driving seat.
Not much challenge in the programming exercises. Just copy paste from the explaining texts.Well prepared course
The assignments were too easy. May be we can have fewer assignments but make it more interesting and less help.
Good explanations and the intuition videos, in particular, are great. More spoon-feeding than I'd like, though.
Great delivery by professor. The practice notebooks give you just enough hints to help you think for yourself.
After taking this course, I have been able to understand about neural network. I hope this can help my thesis.
could add some courses on the detail about analysis on derivatives of different structures of neural network .
A fantastic course to understand neural network basics. A bit more in depth assignments could have been better
you should integrate all lectures notes for each week in one document. otherwise too many documents to manage.
Excellent course. But the programming assignment is too simple! All the answers are given in the instructions.
Too much math, too little intuition. I wish math and intuition go hand in hand so i could understand both more
Thank you !!I would like to appreciate the team for great effortsVery organized, elaborative, and exhaustive.
Concepts have been cleared , when to use what has been perfectly explained by our very dynamic host Andrew NG
More time could have been allocated for backprop and the mathematical derivations could have been worked out.
Assignments were very much fill in the blanks. I hope for more independent thinking in the following courses.
Some of the material is repeated unnecessarily. Intuition videos were little superficial. Rest ,great course!
Amazing course for understanding the basics! Though maybe a bit too much hand-holding during the assignments.
I am feeling more advanced topics should be included, and some real industrial examples should be introduced.
Nice and Clear Introduction to Neural Networks. Highly recommended to everyone starting in Machine Learning.
This was also a great course. Very focused on getting us up to speed with an operational  deep NN in Python.
It would've been great if someone taught as numpy in more detailed fashion. I had amazing experience anyway.
The final 2 notebooks were very copy-pastey, other than that, the content and lecture quality was very good.
This course is useful but maths is not fully explained. Only about DL and NNs (as is said), keep it in mind)
Locked assignments are causing problems. Also financial aid for whole specialization would have been better.
Best intro to the theory of deep learning! Exercises should be made available even if submission is disabled
The course is really well designed, however it could be improved by adding some material: e.g. slides as PDF
I enjoyed the course very much, I would prefer the assignments to be more free coding, for better practicing
Relatively good course. Significant repetitions from week to week make it easier to understand the material.
The course was good (Just what i needed). And the coding assignments were also very efficiently designed !!
It is an excellent course if you want to know about neural networks and my learning experience was great!!!
Very nicely explained even for a total  beginner  and a intuitive exercise and assignment submission method
Course is damn good , but a little bit code implementation in between video lectures would be a plus point.
In the begining is a little confusing because some future topics are touch. But still a verty good material
I'm hoping that in future courses in this specialization that I will have to write more of the code myself.
Everything is perfect,, I captured the concepts but am just not sure I can rewrite this code myself or not.
Really informative, I've had some technical issues but beside that I am happy with the form of this course.
Very good introductory course, but I thought that the programming exercises gave too much pre-written code.
Great course, great instructor. But I wish it discusses more in theoretical details about back-propagation.
There is a bit of overlap with the Machine Learning Course from Andrew Ng, but useful course nevertheless.
I t was a very helpful graph which provides a deep insight of whatever is going inside the neural networks
This course is definitely good for green hands and it helps me clearly understand the moving among layers.
Assignments give too much help: I would rather prefer shorter examples where I have to do more programming
should provide derivation of all the steps as a optional material instead of just listing all the formulas
Its good ,but a little bit separated by markdown in note book.not unity in code.its a little bit easy btw.
Loved it! Only thing that can be improved is audio and video quality. Content wise it's really very good.
Awesome course overall. But sometimes it's paced too slow and some easy points are unnecessarily nuanced.
Great for beginners, even if you haven't coded before! Just make sure to brush up on your linear algebra.
I would have liked more in-depth videos about the working of backprop and the calculus involved for that.
Clear and no-nonsense program, I especially appreciated the direct connection between theory and example.
A very good introductory course. Asignements were well structured so you dont need to spent too much time
The course is well designed and presented, even though sometimes the material feels a little bit repeated
Some coding issues during the assignments were hard to backtrack, but apart from that pretty good course.
Excellent introductory course to Deep Learning, doesn't involve advanced knoledge of python or calculus.
This course helped me a lot, and I once again learned about deep learning from a more theoretical level.
In Week 4, need more derivation of the mathematics for backward propagation. Maybe an optional document.
The course is fruitful and with lots of calculus. Just sometimes , the content will be a bit repetitive.
A very good course with an excellent delivery, very simple and elaborate. Thank you for this opportunity
The sound quality made some videos difficult to follow.But the overall learning experience was great 👍
Would've appreciated some coding assistance in the video lectures, really enjoyed the course otherwise.
I would have given 5 stars if the evaluation of the programming assessments would have worked properly.
great implementations quizzes and assignments. definitely gives you a general idea for deep neural nets
This is an excellent course, very easy to follow! The assignments are very simple though. I missed some
It was an awesome course. i got to learn the detailed knowledge and implementation of neural networks.
it would have been much better if the course used keras and tensorflow for the programming assignments
Information is a great quick ramp-up on Neural Networks, but the exercises are relatively easy/trivial
learning would become more interesting if more number of example and pictorial representation if given
The net is so crowded that i can‘t smooth my study， the system is weak for different hardware platform
very well prepared, easy to understand, though a greater mathematical modelling would have been better
Audio quality can be improved. The 's' always heart my ears when i am wearing a earphone (PowerBeats).
Good review.  Programming exercises a little too spoon fed, but good for those who want to understand.
Excellent course. Just needs a little more clarification on L-layer model back propagation mechanism.
Programming assignments could be a bit more challenging. That would make the course more interesting.
A recap of the lectures would've helped a lot, like there was in his intro to machine learning course
It is great the we build every thing from scratch. However, the audio quality would have been better.
Prof Ng is a naturalGreat overviewCoding is not intuitive - desperately needs a reference code repro.
The concepts of the first course were too simple. I came here expecting a higher level of complexity.
I think the course might be improved by introduce why you design the API or function calls like this.
too many guided implementation, would be better to make people write own problem and some more hints?
Nice to see the complete picture, but a little bit too much overlap with the Machine Learning course.
It was good but I was able to pass without watching any lectures, which is probably not a great sign.
it's good, but it is really slow  to me for my poor english, however ,I 'll  try my best to learn it.
Great work. The quizes are good but the  assignments  was quite tough for me as i was the begginner.
I would like to see some OOP in this course, like nodes, layers and the NN implemented as an objects
IMO, its better to provide the process of derivating the cost function for backpropagation algorithm
I learned something very good. Thank you. It would have been great if I had been in Bangla Subtitle.
Great videos + explanations.  Assignments were too easy and didn't require a great deal of thinking.
learnt the intuition behind deep learning and learnt how to implement in coding deep neural networks
This course provide basic knowledge for anyone who want to start the first step in machine learning.
There isn't any slides copy or notes for us to review the whole course.Translations are not perfect.
This is was a really great course, I hope I can still learn for the next session of deeplearning.ai
Coding examples should be included in videos. So that newbies to programming could also learn fast.
Last programming Assignment is very easy. This can be better if you might change the variable name.
A good start for the beginners into the world of Deep Learning and Neural Networks! Kudos to Andrew
Lectures were clear and very informative but some parts of the assignment were too straightforward.
Great for practicing coding, walked us through certain examples. I wish the course was free though.
Solid introductory course. Also useful for reviewing neural networks basics as was the case for me.
Very good but repetitive from the Machine Learning course, and does not explain much of the coding.
A good refresher on neural networks and a easy introduction to Deep learning from machine learning.
Basic Concept related to  Deep Learning is clear , Still Lot to learn thank you for this Knowledge
Great overview about deep learning.  I wish the programming exercises were a lot more challenging.
interesting and easy to follow course. The assignments felt too easy and a mostly a copy-paste job
Knowing detail is good. But I suppose many people will just use tensorflow, pytorch, or keras etc.
Good introduction course. Can be a little boring if you are strongly familiar with neural networks
Very pragmatic course, but there should be more optional material for those with a math background
The instructor avoids technical details of the backpropagation algorithm and gradient computation.
Nice basics of NNs with an implementation in python without using any "ready to use" ML packages.
This course was so cool, my first course on deep learning has never been easy. Thank you Andrew..
Wonderful for learning, but in my opinion the assignments shouldn't come as completed as they do.
the lectures are very clear though kind of verbose, but the assignments are far from challenging.
Would definitely recommend to get acquainted to Neural Nets. Well designed Programming exercises.
Many classes are covered already in Machine Learning course on Coursera, but it's more practical.
Excellent lecture. Assignments were a little hard for a novice with little experience for Python.
i hope to add some resourses like books and furthur reading in deep learning and important topic
The assignments should be made more difficult. Its spoonfeeding to write only few lines of code.
It is a great course but had typos and sometimes simple things are made complicated uneccesarily
i am happy gone through the session , i learnt a lot of mathematical functions with usage python
It could dive deeper into the backpropagation part of Deep Learning. Everything else is perfect.
Very well explained as usual! The math part is simplified so any one can get into it! Thank you!
Very exciting and interesting, good coding assignments linked to the courses and concept taught.
I loved the lectures. I wished the  programming assignments didn't hold your hand quite so much.
I would have liked to see a bit more of the math -- perhaps as a supplementary set of hand-outs.
Excellent Course, just the pace can be a little slow and some brief intro to numpy can be given.
My only criticism is that I think this course held your hand a little too much in the exercises.
The video lecture is very nice and clear, but the exercise is too easy and not thought provoking
It was a very helpful course as i was very curious to know various aspects of machine learning.
A good source of deep learning knowledge and pure use of neural networks on a jupyter platform.
Basic and good concepts of deep learning covered in the course with basic programming exercises
If you want to have some basic intuition  about deep learning than this course is good for you.
Very good course material. However, I find that the programming assignments were a little easy.
Few issues with the assignment submissions in the first and fourth week that needs to be fixed.
Great ice-breaking course for deep learning. Learned the basic concepts of deep neural network.
You omit a lot of details I would like to know, but the course is great in general! Thank you!
By using more practical / real-life examples the videos could be more comprehended more easily
If this course would havw also used matlab then it would more efficient for Research scholars.
Good and could be a little better voice issues. Jumping directly into context it's a drawback.
The Best Course Available out there. It teaches you right from the root of the neural network.
Great content! Hope there is a solid final assignment instead of filling a few lines of codes.
Good introductory course. Programming assignments are spoonfed and weren't challenging at all.
Not so far ahead, I'm liking it, I think the practice is too driven by the pre-existing code.
Pretty basic course if you already have some exposure to NN. Overall the exercises were good.
Excellent Way of teaching.Thank you prof.Andrew for making me fall in love with deep learning
A great fundamental introduction to deep learning. Sometimes the handwriting is hard to read.
Perfect course to start deep learning form 0. Harder programming assignments could be nice :)
backpropagation weight update for hidden layer was not explain, only the formula is provided.
It is easier to navigate if you do Andrew's Machine Learning (free) course on Coursera first.
Maybe  a little too easy. Assignments could have been more challenging and less "hand holdy".
Smart and fast.Give a look at Python before starting and Andrew will take you to excellence !
Video lactures on hands-on for coding part would be best though it was given as assignments.
Great course! Learned a lot about the fundamentals behind Neural Networks and Deep Learning!
Overall a great course, has decent amount of exercise and lectures, but lack of challenging.
Looks like great intro. But 95% of this course  is a "software development via python/numpy"
It's overall great, could have been more theoretical and with emphasis on the relevant math.
Good material but I think the programming assignments could have been been more challenging.
Very useful to understand neural networks. Exercises very guided.  I liked videos very much.
The course content is very good. Although the audio quality in some videos need improvement
Very good course. Andrew is best teacher. He and his team has worked a lot on the contents.
course is nice... explanations are easy to understand than other courses... thanks a lot...
Really nice informative course. Quality of videos (especially sound) could have been better
Had some trouble in running the assignments, not sure, if there were bugs in the notebooks.
I feel there could be some more of coding videos rather than just explaining the concepts.
It is an easier way of learning with well understandable programming assignments and quiz.
course definitely not for a beginner...but give a practical experience of deep learning...
It was very great course but there should be a coding video to learn more in a good way. !
The learning material is great, the notebook is not. Very buggy and unresponsive at times.
This course helped me in understanding underline concepts of neural in very intuitive way.
very good and detailed class and material, easy to follow with many low level explanation.
great introduction to Deep Learning, but could be better if it comes with a lecture notes.
This course was great, I learned a lot.  Thanks for putting this together Andrew and team.
Great course but too much focus on classification without reference to regression problems
Homework is really helpful. Helps you deeply understand the idea behind back-propagation.
very easy to follow and well explained, sometimes the exercises are a bit too easy though
It would have been better if it helped in learning full-fledged coding of neural networks
The assignments could have given less hints to make the information stick a little better
Very nice explanation but application was missing. Look forward to see in another course.
Few glitches in video and assignments were solid, rarely confusing; overall a great class
Excellent course. However, I
wish that the programming assignments were more challenging.
Assignments could have been little more difficult, by providing lesser code instructions.
Great course, if you are completely new to the topic. Otherwise a bit too basic and slow.
Very basics of neural networks. Good practice implementing fully connected nn with numpy
Good. I only think backpropagation and derivation could be explained a bit more clearly.
Too easy programming assignments. Too much instructions and not enough work to complete.
Brilliant insight into the topic but could be a bit more new into theory and detailed...
Awesome. A little involved, but the course team did a great job of making it accessible.
coding part takes too many pre-load modules, hard to replicate work outside the platform
Very great test combined with python, I hope to see more Tensor flow parts in the future
I faced some issue with calculus and derivatives. but Andrew you are great thanks a lot
Kindly focus more on the programing part. Programing was a difficult part to deal with.
Basic course, defining Neural Networks and Deep Neural Networks in their simplest form.
Very Good!But I found those helpful inter-video questions don`t exist . Can I know why?
Nice course and presentation of the difficult concepts so easily by the Prof. Andrew Ng
One star removed since it does not have PDF slides like the Ng Machine Learning course.
Good course on the basics of deep learning, but the assignments were a little too easy.
Nice introduction to the basic mechanics of making a neural network, and deep learning.
Programming assignments were a bit easy but I understand why it would be so. Thanks :)
now I can imagine the functioning of multi-layer neural nets, and how to implement it.
Great course to learn how tlo implement the basic of neural network and deep learning.
less code should deserve the student. The more we code, better we digest the concepts.
The course is very clear as usual but I found the programming exercises to be too easy
Course was good .Tutorials start from medium level.But It didn't made good foundation.
complete step by step down up approach for learning ,assignments are very much guided.
a bit too much simplified but still quite helpful to brush up the neuro network  maths
I felt like some videos were repetitive. I guess its because it is aimed at beginners.
Very good and informative. Though the programming assignment part has some ambiguity.
I love these assignments of this course.Highly recommended if you're interested in AI
It would have been nice if the solutions to the problems were posted after submission
Pretty good stuff. This is a clear step forward in my comprehension of deep learning.
Basics were good, should include library equivalent functions also whenever possible.
Wonderful way of teaching the ,most difficult topics. Andrew is in a class of his own
Great Course! The concepts are explained very nicely.. The intuition videos are great
Good content, however unfriendly for a beginner in math or people just poor at math.
Needed a more detailed explanation on the calculations done in backward propagation.
Missing the notes in between the videos like in the Intro to Machine Learning course
Too many details on pyton specifics which are not related to neural networks theory.
Gives you a better understanding of how NN work than just using keras or tensorflow.
excellent course overall. But, lacking a bit mathematical proofs, like the gradients
Nice mix of theory and practical.  Well paced.  Incremental programming assignments.
Nice course, gives one a hang of how deep learning works and in specific neural nets
Programming exercises could be a little bit more challenging - but great videos!!!!
The audio in the lectures wasn't good. Sometimes, the teacher was sort of mumbling.
I am learning too much about deep learning it is a nice source of getting knowledge
Really good. I feel we could add more content to the later weeks, especially week 4
Week 4 Programming Assignment grader doesn't function properly, grading not proper.
The course is excellent. But it is too expensive. Need to sacrifice a lot of money.
Very helpful to the students those who are new to python programming..Thanking you,
Very basic and easy to understand, go stop by stop help you to build the NN system.
it is really informative and comprehensive specialization course. Thanks Andrew Ng.
Helping handing all throughout the course. Could have been a bit more interactive.
It's been great, honestly.One slight issue might be the lack of use of TensorFlow.
I would prefer to see some aspects of the mathematical derivation of some formulas
The material could be more in-depth and the programming assignment seems too easy.
Basically a review for me, but the information is clearly and logically presented.
good course.But some course content was just the same with Machine Learning Course
So simple. This course hasn't a lot of code and existing code have a lot of hints.
Good continuation to ML course and in-depth analysis of the NNs at a perfect pace.
Great course. Great Instructor. Wish the programming exercises were more difficult
A bit basic, but a good intro to NN for someone that hasn't had previous exposure.
Fun course. The practical assignments could be more challenging and more calculus.
Great Course for beginning Deep Learning and Neural Networks. Highly Recommended.
Good for beginners. Provides really good intuitions to analyze and solve problems
The assignments were too easy as most of the programming part was already handled
Very good course, the forum search capabilty and response speed could be improved
The exercise in python are add on advantage to the concpets that are being taught
Hope there could be more in-depth math derivation but not only intuitive formulas
Good intro to deep learning for anyone that have finished machine learning course
The course is great, but assignments are definitely too easy - mostly copy paste.
good materialtutorial very well done easy and clear and well implementation codes
I learned the foundations and demystified the subject.  Enjoyed the course a lot!
Would`ve been useful some links for math guys, to fill up the course lack of math
A very good course. I liked most thing is,  we learn deep learning from scratch.
Assignments were a little tough for me but generally a great learning experience
Very practical and on-point . It will be easy if you have a calculus background.
Very good course ,you are guaranteed with basic understanding of neural networks
Excellent for students with no ML background but it was oversimplified sometimes
Really informative and Hands on course with all the basics covered meticulously.
The course is great, I would have liked to see some exercises about using Keras.
Very Efficient Way of Learning Deep Learning using Hands on Exercises on Jupyter
The lectures are easy to understand. Should print cache list in exercises week 4
The course is great, but I cannot find the slides and notes in coursera website.
Great course, but lack of explanation why and when to use np.dot and np,multiply
The course is bit repetitive in my opinion. The lecture duration can be reduced.
contents are a little bit duplicated. A very nice course for complete beginners.
Good materials, only the programming assignments are too much hint and too easy.
good content, great teaching style, but poor videos and no downloadable material
Very helpful in solidifying Neural Network concepts. Too many hints in projects.
Great class, personally not a big fan to the Jupyter Notebooks thus the 4 stars.
A bit too hand-holdy. Very instructive nonetheless. Interviews are a can't miss!
More interesting exercises would have been nice. Also, there was no tensor flow.
Help from instructors, TAs much needed in some parts of programming assignments
the course is really good for beginners in deep learning, I highly recommend it
The course is great but sometimes there is a problem while saving the notebook.
It's really a good platform to study NL and DL with background maths and logic.
Felt more repetitive few times. And covered most of course in Machine Learning.
That is very useful course for people starting to learn deep learning framework
Andrews audio sometimes emitted a high pitched tone, which was quite annoying.
it was an amazing experience. Learning neural networking felt like childs play
Great course, liked to step-by-step progress in neural network & deep learning
It's a little bit to easy... Perhaps the reason is this course is for everyone
it's a great introduction to neural networks and deep neural networksthank you
Homework could be a bit more difficult, but otherwise a great course!  Thanks!
Good chewing basics. In this Mr. Andreev Ng is very good.Homework is very easy
Course is very well organized. A bit more support in the forum would be great.
That was far easier than the ML course I think, maybe a little bit too much ;)
Great course!Would surely like it even more if coursera adds more assignments
In my opinion, more technical details should have been covered in the course.
Coding exercises can be more detailed without so many pre-completed functions
Mistakes in the Week 3 assignment, otherwise the best course on the internet.
It's great for building concept but less challenging when it comes to coding.
More real world examples in teaching will help in understanding course easier
I would say the videos weren't all that great but the assignments were great
Some assignment explanation are so inadequate and Andrew hand-writing so bad
Lectures were boring but informative, difficult to concentrate for long time
Easy-to understand fundamentals  of deep learning with little math required.
Good introduction into optimzation and machine learning/pattern recognition.
Great course! Helped me understand the fundamentals of Deep Learning clearly
The assignments are so important that you have to finish them by yourselves.
Great overview of concepts of NN and DL. Understood the math behind the same
I think that is needed to create our own dataset and implementend in our pc.
it is very helpful for the learners who want to study DNN. thanks very much.
Great course  with special journey of AI from the eyes of Prof. Geoff Hinton
Lab Style being plug-in functions style is not assessing understanding well
Pretty good course but maybe the programming assignments are too hand-held.
if basics were covered it would be great , but still i learned a lot Thanks
it was so helpful for me now i have better understanding of neural networks
Brilliantly taught concepts, programming exercises could use some tweaking.
Really good course with explanation of Andre Ng and nice practical examples
Excellent course for introducing NNs and showing you how to build your own.
It is quite instructive. However the course consists of very basic concepts
may be could be better if add more examples in the videos and studies cases
It gives you valuable knowledge, however, the assignments are way too easy.
A few confusing inconsistencies in the course. Otherwise good intro to NNs.
Great course, but rather simple, and programming homework rather confusing.
Extremely well-rounded course (+1 rating for the amazing backprop lectures)
Good course for beginners. Hoped the coding assignments were a bit tougher.
nice materials and good pace to learn the basics of deep learning smoothly!
Week 2 was very difficult but work really hard at it and things get better.
It's required advanced mathematic skills and well-based phyton programming
i would like to tell that this course is all what u need....just excellent
Enough instructions/guidance included for walking through the assignments.
The theory content is great ! but, needs better implementation tutorials .
simple way to explain a full information and i like programming assignment
There is a lot of overlapping content with previous Machine Learning class
great content and exposition.  Assignments are somewhat buggy and brittle.
nice course. but better intuition on the mathematical  terms can be given!
Building good foundations for DL. Hope there will be more advanced topics.
The programming assignment is too easy. Most of the code is already there.
Very good course! Takes small steps and explains everything very clearly.
Exercises were a bit too easy to pass, being just short snippets of code.
I think it's better if the teacher can give more details about the math !
The programming exercise can be a bit more tough with less spoon feeding.
a little fast in the important part to explain equation and final results
Some bugs are there in the code that tests the L_model_backward() method.
Good course, some programming assignments repetitive and not hard enough.
I'd like assignments to be more challenging, so I could learn thoroughly
This course clearly explains the neural network algorithm. Very helpful.
Week 4 programming assignment could have been simpler in implementation.
It s really an interesting course with full depth about neural networks.
Request to include more programming exercises and projects for practice.
A great course to learn neural network and Deep learning for beginners.
Confused with some topics while author's mic is not clear in some cases
Best Introductory course for the begineers who step into deep-learning.
Is a good course of neural nets. Gave a good hands on practice as well.
I perfectly understood the concept of forward and backward propagation.
Optional yet detailed section on mathematical concepts should be added.
Very good lessons. Take care of speaker accent and handwriting quality.
Very well designed course. Andrew is detailed and breaks concepts down.
The programming exercises should be done by the learners more rapidly.
Excellent course, the
approach is very convenient with good practices!
Can be upgraded to accommodate current libraries of PyTorch/TensorFlow
Detailed derivation/explanation and easy-understanding teaching style.
It was a great start for me in deep learning field through this course
The teachers can elaborate more via coding in the videos of lectures.
This course has been very helpful for me to understand neural network
A video solving one of the programming assignments should be included
A good exercise for those who have completed Machine Learning course.
Great content. The exercises can be made more elaborate and exertive.
Would be better if there are well documented summary on the formulas.
Too much of Maths Involved,, Thats the one thing i Disliked the most
coding practices could be more challenging but overall great course!
Very informative and provides an intuitive sense of how things work.
got idea about how mathematics is useful to understand deep learning
Provides an excellent HANDS-ON introduction to deep neural networks.
Easier math than Andrew's Machine learning course but very enjoyable
Course is mostly repeated content from Machine Learning by Andrew NG
yes teaching is nice but assignment should  be even from more basic
I would like to have a classnotes pdf summary file for each chapter
This is Best Course. There are Lots of things  to Learn New Things.
Great Course! This is only my first step inside this magical world!
Sometimes it is little bit difficulty to understand the coding part
Excellent course for all the beginners i do recommend it strongly .
it was very helpful to understand of basic concept of deep learning
It was easy to understand and each of the assignments were helpful.
informative course. But I feel exercises could be more challenging.
This course gave a brief intro to Neural Network and deep Learning.
This course is a good reminder (or introduction) of all the basics.
Could be better if some functions like caches are explained better
Not as good as the Machine Learning course, but still interesting!
Very good overview, but some of the exercises felt a bit too easy.
Really nice straight forward course. A little shallow on the math.
The programming assignments are a bit too simple and unchallenging
Some repetition from the machine learning course i took last year.
The programming exercises involved a little too much hand-holding.
A fine introduction to deep neural networks and its applications.
Highly recommended for everyone irrespective of their discipline.
Good content to know the theory and working behind neural network
It was a little difficult in between but overall its really good.
A superb learning experience and it is very useful for beginners!
Best course to learn the neural network and deep learning cocepts
That course was good for introducing the neural networks. Thanks!
Suit for anyone who wants to get an general idea of Deep Learning
Very good lectures! Programming assignments are kind of too easy!
The way of teaching by Andrew Sir was Amazing and easy to grasp.
Very educative and the videos are in a very understandable form.
Programming assignments should be less filled with code snippets
Excellent course to understand NN and how to build it in Python!
It was very good, only that I  felt a bit of high spoon-feeding.
Grading of programming exercises did not always grade correctly.
It was slow for math people, there should be an abridged version
Assignments can be little difficult like Machine learning course
Good introduction to neural network, but some redundant contants
most material has showed in the Stanford machine learning course
was complicated although could include more deep investigations
Some more Assignments will help or provide optional assignments
I would appreciate a more in-depth analysis of algebra involved
programming exercises should be more long and more descriptive.
Amazing material. Coding assignments could be a little smoother
It's great except that the programming assignment 'too' kindly.
Amazing Course. Gives a lot of insights into the deep learning.
Gives basic structure overview, so later you can build over it.
More challenging programming assignments would have been better
Nice intro, if you know a bit of ML and NN it doesn't add much.
Very good course. However no slides for reviewing the material.
it was a really good insight to the working of neural networks
Alot of mathematics sometimes makes it less to absorb concepts
Provides Basic Maths Behind Neural Networks at detailed level.
excelent course, all what you need for Neural Networks is here
I expected less programming and more theory, but it is alright
pretty goodlabs are easy to understand and so are instructions
its a very detailed course and i enjoyed learning from Andrew.
Perfect course to start building neural networks from scratch.
Very clear, a bit repetitive, and notation a little excentric.
More clear derivation videos can be added as optional videos.
A little bit too much spoon feeding, but good for the basics.
easy. L layer network is well explained from 2 layer network.
Would be great to get the slides in pdf (as on the ML course)
spoon feeding for beginners, forget about these stuff quickly
Easy to understand, excellent examples, wonderful exercises !
It would be good if we have capstone project with each module
Very good beginner course, instructions and programming aspec
Great course! Would love to have some more technical details.
program assignments are too easy and too much straightforward
Excellent introduction for neural networks and deep learning.
the codes provided from before reduce the amount of learning
video`s are very good ,easy to understand ,good explaination
Wanted more practical assignments, but theory was top class.
typos correction must be incorporated in video of instructor
Everything is good. Programming assignments might be better.
A little verbose, but I understand given the broad audience.
Great course, but needs more coding assignments if possible.
Really good but can be better compared to MIT courses in EDx
Pretty challenging, Coding could have been explained briefly
Very good introductory course, a bit too easy in my opinion.
It is one of the better coursesthank you Coursera and Andrew
Would have appreciated more rigorous programming exercises.
It has given me a good start in the world of deep learning.
Very Good Course and My first Course in Coursera. Worth It!
I liked this course. I wish all the erratas were corrected.
It was a Great Course. I learnt a lot. Thank You Andrew Sir
Exercises could require a little more of your own thinking!
The course is interesting and lectures are understandable.
Through this course i learned a lot about neural networks.
This helped me learn Deep learning in Deep(pun Intended).
should have given a full star if this was a credit course
Too theoretical. Better practical example will be helpful
Fantastic course with a lot to learn from Prof Andrew Ng.
A very good course to cover main idea of a neural network
The course is great. Very methodical and thought through.
Good, easy to understand, good visualization of concepts.
the assignments could have been a little more challenging
pretty good, but the assignments do too much hand holding
A little too much hand holding, but overall quite useful!
Course is great; Coursera has some issues with notebooks.
Will have loved the use of packages instead of intuition
It really help me to clear my concepts of deep learning.
perfectly explained all key concepts with minor details.
Wish there were optional videos with the math explained!
Good for Starters... Difficulty level could be increased
Great introduction to neural networks and classification
a bit more emphasis on programming part will be helpful
Very interesting for my entry-level in neural networks.
good beginning for learning foundation of deep learning
Course does not offer much detail into matrix calculus.
it clear almost all aspect of machine learning of mine.
Great course to learn more about Neural Networks basics
Very skillful lecture and fantastic course arrangement.
I wish for a cheatsheet with most relevant formulas etc
Assignments could have been made a bit less explanatory
It would be interesting a deeper approach to stadistics
Course is good, Contend of this Course I like the most
Very interesting but very very math/calculus oriented.
I enjoyed the exercises, but the theory was very basic
the course is good for beginners though weak in theory
Very in depth show into how deep learning models work.
I found the exercises too easy. The rest was excellent
excellent lecture,  but I need more mathematic details
great quality teaching but too easy to get good grade.
Very interesting, but sometimes very long explanations
Should have fixed the annotation problem in the video
It's a very good course but it lack a bit of examples
Too similar to the "ML course" of the same instructor
It's very nice.and easy to undersstend.thank you sir.
It can be more efficient in the manner of coding area
The coding assignments could have better explanations
Good value to understand how AI works under the hood.
The thing that I don't like : math was oversimplified
Good blend of the technical, intuition and practical.
Excelent course to learn DNNs from scratch in python.
Great course. Just make sure you grasps the concepts.
Great course, but the assignments are a bit too easy.
learned Image Processing and Neural Network concepts
The assignments are bit too easy with too many hints
The notebooks felt like it was too much spoonfeeding
The programming assignments could be more difficult.
A fairly good introduction course on Neural Networks
Assignments and Programming exercises were very easy
The exercices are too straight forward for my taste.
Interesting courses with useful and simple materials
Great course. A great introduction to deep learning.
I think coding assignments could be more challenging
Provides very clear understanding of Neural Networks
A bit more self reliance can be put into the course
Excellent Training!!... Keep doing this great work.
Good Course. Very Practicle and had a good content.
Quality curriculum, maybe just a little repetitive.
Good introductory course, little background needed.
Well Taught..Assignment could be made more helpful.
Best course for the purpose of learning DL and NN.
I really like it, but a bit complicated sometimes.
The best part of the course is the flexile timings
Really enjoyable. Well written, clear instructions
Exercise need to be more comprehensive and complex
Good for understanding, but not enough derivations
It was good, but for a engineer it was too obvious
Some things at code assignments could be improved.
Good course covering the basics, looking for more!
Assignments are basically follow the instructions.
good for beginners! and easy to finish the project
Very interesting course. Subjects well explained!
The programming assignments were quite repetitive
A more practical assignments would be much better
A great course. Well paced and easy to understand
I hope it could be more difficult and challenging
Informative and accessible to non Python experts.
too much duplication with other courses of Andrew
great for beginners who wanted to start ML in NN
A very nice course to start with Neural Networks
A good introduction but very guided for the code
Most informative, video quality shuld be better!
Very well explained, but sometimes too redundant
good course for learning basics of deep learning
Great course thanks to coursera and Dr Andrew Ng
Very knowledgeable lectures and good assignments
Good, though weeks 3/4 seem a little redundant.
this is very detailed and nice, bit slow too :)
this course was really tough. But it was good.
Great Course and Andrew Ng is a great learner!
Meriting to do if you are good in basics of ML
Gave a good intuition of Deep Neural Networks.
Requested for Explanation with simple examples
Very good course. It is very keenly explained.
It is good who knows python and math very well
yeah i learned many new things one of the best
Good intro, but little bit repetive at the end
Too Simple. Going deeper would be more helpful
Very well explained. Exercices a bit too easy.
Should have more assigment without image data.
Give a good insight about how things are done.
concepts were explained in really good manner
the course was very nice and very informative
Very helpful course on intro to deep learning
Useful basic introduction to Neural Networks.
Interesting but sometimes too repetitive\easy
Very good! But with some bugs in assignments.
Assignments are too easy, lectures are great.
Great material and excellent programming labs
Pretty Hard, but It drives me AI basic Level
Easy to understand, yet with great details!!
Fantastic course with wonderfully taught (y)
Exercices are a bit too guided for my taste.
Clear instruction. Helpful discussion forum.
Assignments should be little more difficult.
The explanation of Vectoriztion is awesome!
Its a good Introduction to neural Networks.
excellent platform to learning new concepts
Quite basic but effective practical course.
I think the course is great but a bit easy.
still dont know how you get to loss formula
An example of how  making easy is didactic.
Could be explained in a little more detail
Too handholdy in the programming exercises
Good Lecture for beginner of deep learning
less control coding would be more valuable
The jupyter notebook often abruptly closes
Overall good, but a little too slow-paced.
Nice course, Thank you deeplearning ai :)
Instructions could have been more clearer
Content was delivered in an excellent way
Some project work should also be included
Coding guidance can be reduced little bit
content is good. But not user friendly...
In my opinion, the course was too simple.
Excellent introduction to Deep Learning!
Really nice introduction to the subject.
Backpropagation needs better explaining.
Very good introduction to deep learning.
i wish there were examples in the videos
a very good course to start off with DL
Good course for currently booming field
i have a problem submitting assignments
Mathematical terms are quite confusing.
Very nice course,, enjoyed learning it!
Thank you for your teaching, Andrew Ng!
Very clear and good. I'd like more math
The course is a very nice intro to DL.
The exercise should be more difficult.
It was difficult. Really tested me out
hope to make it more application based
I thought that it'll be more difficult
need more intuition of backpropogation
It is a good intro to neural networks.
It is really helpful, well structured.
Good learning experience for beginners
Needed more guidance with Python codes
Good overview course of Deep Learning!
A good introduction to Neural Networks
A good introduction to Deep Learning.
I think could be more coding practice
Going from very basic. Good projects.
it is a very good introductory course
Good for beginning ml as python coder
Slow introduction in neural networks.
Math part is a little too repetitive.
the implementation part is not clear
It was really an interesting course.
Very useful course for the beginner.
Programming assignments are too easy
Easy explanation and implementation
Assignments are very well designed.
nice one, can be simplified version
It was very good and well organized
Great place to learn Neural network
It was perfect course for my career
assignments are not graded properly
Fairly tough course but fascinating
A great start to an amazing domain.
Programing assignments are too easy
Fun to learn DL in this course....
programming exercise is to simple.
Basic but helps builds confidence.
Course was very nice and in depth.
Nice refresher for the basic stuff
An ok introduction to the subject.
Complete!! This is the real thing!
Awesome, compact and well-defined.
The exercises are very intuitive!
Thanks for the implementations :D
The course was good but too basic
It was not easy however I did it.
good lecture vedio, good excises!
Interesting. Thank you, Andrew Ng
Overall good intro to Neural Nets
Very interesting, magic happens !
The assignment is too lightweight
Great course with great materials
go for machine learning beginers
Best course in machine learning.
Maybe too much redundant concept
good intro to the main concepts.
a very well put together course!
programming exercises were great
very good course for a beginner
A very good course for beginner
nice course but are only basics
Amazing and Impressive teaching
very good lectures by Andrew Ng
good Course by andrew ng sir :)
Thank you for your teaching. :)
need more mathematical details
Very good exercises thank you.
It was great, and It was HARD!
Simple and easy to understand
Good Teaching and assignments
It should be more challenging
Excellent introduction to NN.
assignments need to be harder
need to add more practicals.
a good course for beginners.
Good explainnation of theory
good intro to deep learning.
Good class for DL beginners.
really basic and nice course
Grate Learning Experience .
difficult but 100% worth it
Well taught, Well trained !
Great Course for a beginner
Well built and informative.
Its an amazing intro course
the training little to easy
Nice and easy explanations.
Great course, very thorough
good but too slow / simple
a little bit slow and easy
I wish I used  MATLAB code
Final project is to simple
Great foundational course
Easy introductory course!
It was very much helpful
Thank you..helped a lot.
Very clear and didactic.
Good to get started with
Great introduction to NN
easy & good for beginner
Look forward to learning
Some times is to simple.
Very insightfull course
good course for leaning
amazing explaination!!!
Audio could be improved
Very good explanations.
Very easy to understand
Very Insightful Course
Homeworks are too easy
Very good explanations
Tutorials are too good
Great and very concise
Good for starting off!
Easy to follow along!
I loved the course. !
not feeling confident
Very good for basics
Extremely technical!
Nice but not enough.
too young too simple
so far really great!
Very Awesome Course
Really good course!
really good course
Andrew Ng was cool
Good intro course.
clear explaination
great explanations
a very great cours
It was really fun.
it's good for me !
Very nice training
good basic course
It was too easy !
Sometime too easy
very nice course.
too easy homework
Great coursework
It is very good
pretty awesome!
Best for anyone
could be faster
Good exercises!
it is good one
great course!!
A good course
Very useful.
A bit fast.
Some typos
Too basic.
All right
Easy one.
Very easy
to easy
top!
Very good course to start Deep learning. But you need to have the basic idea first. I would suggest to do the Stanford Andrew Ng Machine Learning course first and then take this specialization courses
Andrew Ng's presenting style is excellent. Makes the course easy to follow as it gradually moves from the basics to more advanced topics, building gradually. Very good starter course on deep learning.
I think the course explains the underlying concepts well and even if you are already familiar with deep neural networks it's a great complementary course for any pieces you may have missed previously.
I understand all those thing which you have discussed in this course and I also like the way first tell story of concet and assign assignment. Now I fall in love with neural network and deep learning.
This is a very good course for people who want to get started with neural networks. Andrew did a great job explaining the math behind the scenes. Assignments are well-designed too. Highly recommended.
Extremely helpful review of the basics, rooted in mathematics, but not overly cumbersome. Very clear, and example coding exercises greatly improved my understanding of the importance of vectorization.
A bit easy (python wise) but maybe that's just a reflection of personal experience / practice. The contest is easy to digest (week to week) and the intuitions are well thought of in their explanation.
I highly appreciated the interviews at the end of some weeks. I am currently trying to transition from a research background in Systems/Computational Biology to work professionally in deep learning :)
Nothing can get better than this course from Professor Andrew Ng. A must for every Data science enthusiast. Gets you up to speed right from the fundamentals. Thanks a lot for Prof Andrew and his team.
Really, really good course. Especially the tips of avoiding possible bugs due to shapes. Also impressed by the heroes' stories. Genuinely inspired and thoughtfully educated by Professor Ng. Thank you!
I would love some pointers to additional references for each video. Also, the instructor keeps saying that the math behind backprop is hard. What about an optional video with that? Otherwise, awesome!
Fantastic introduction to deep NNs starting from the shallow case of logistic regression and generalizing across multiple layers.  The material is very well structured and Dr. Ng is an amazing teacher.
Amazing course, the lecturer breaks makes it very simple and quizzes, assignments were very helpful to ensure your understanding of the content. Hope for future learners you provide code model-answers
What a great course. I was expecting this to be more of an introduction to using Tensorflow and high level introduction to neural networks. Instead it is an incredibly well explained introduction to how to build your own neural network (in python) and implement it on some sample data. This really gives you a good grounding in what a neural network is doing (at least implementation wise) and a good foundation to build on. I am sure later courses in the specialization cover use of Tensorflow (maybe keras?) but I can see how this course enables you to understand what is going on under the hood of all these toolsets. He has a great ability to explain what could be very complicated ideas simply and layout what could be convoluted coding sequences in a very well organised and concise manner. I will recommenced this  course to anyone starting out with either the intention to go into data science (using algorithms) or machine learning (building your own algorithms).
Dear Andrew! Thank you so very much for making me belive in myself as a machine learning engineer. Your lectures & excercises are like "shoulders of Giants" on which a good student can stand out high.
I have learnt a lot of tricks with numpy and I believe I have a better understanding of what a NN does. Now it does not look like a black box anymore. I look forward to see what's in the next courses!
This course is really great.The lectures are really easy to understand and grasp.The assignment instructions are really helpful and one does not need to know python before hand to complete the course.
Amazing course for anyone wanting to jump in the field of deep learning. Andrew explains the details very well. The assignments were structured very good that provided detailed instructions. Thank you
One of the best courses I have taken so far. The instructor has been very clear and precise throughout the course. The homework section is also designed in such a way that it helps the student learn .
At first, I want to thank the course teacher and all the others for providing us such a wonderful course. The way the professor teaches is really very very helpful. Thank you all again and keep it up.
It's really quite an amazing course where we get to learn the mathematics behind the Neural Networks. It is great to learn such core basics which will help us further in developing our own algorithms.
A good mix of theory and practice. The learning curve was perfect for me, and the course schedule is right if you study the material and work through the assignments in your spare time. Assignments are very well structured, I feel that trying to create the same implementations by myself (i.e. without the guides in the assignments and intermediate tests / check) would have taken 10x long.
This is a good review of the concepts. It helped even more once I finished the course and reflected on the material by working out the equations for back propagation by my own hand. Looking forward to the next course in the series.
Excellent course. Challenging, but doable. Andrew Ng is a great teacher. I learned about logistic regression, forward and backward propagation, code vectorization with numpy, activation functions, and many other topics.
The course is good and it helps to clear the basic concepts of Neural Networks,And the interactive assignments are just Awesome
I think that this course went a little bit too much into needy greedy details of the math behind deep neural networks, but overall I think that it is a great place to start a journey in deep learning!
Very structured approach to developing a neural network which I believe I can use as foundation for any project regardless its complexity. Thanks professor Andrew Ng and the team for their dedication.
Great course, definitely taught me the basics of Neural Networks and Deep Learning as it's supposed to. Assignments are quite engaging when you try to thoroughly solve them. Even with minimal mathematics, the course will handhold you the whole way. Definitely a great course for anyone with minimal programming to get into. For me, the most challenging part was understanding how Python syntax worked with numpy. If you are taking this course I recommend taking your time with implementing the projects, they can definitely give you an understanding behind the logic of neural networks by following the code. The instructor is quite nice and warm, sometimes a bit dry, but nonetheless, he seems very warm; wanting to teach the next generation of individuals to do ML/AI. The course does have a few downsides such as how buggy the iPython notebook can be. This is the programming environment you will be using. An the video quality isn't always the best with the audio, but overall the content was presented in a great way and prepared in a manner in which you learn one step at a time.
The content was very good and intellectually curated, and no complaints about a teacher of such high quality "Andrew Ng".  Actually, I took the "Machine Learning" Course long before on Coursera from the same instructor, as  I took this course now, which highly helped me to finish this in less than a week, although I never got time to complete the former course. Advice to any new students on this course would be to have a basic understanding of Machine Learning, which includes linear regression, vectorization et.al. , (or simply, "ML" course on Coursera). One small amendment on this course could be to reshuffle the contents a little, from different weeks as I found the content which was in Week 4, to have high importance to be taught earlier in this course (for eg, getting matrix dimension right  ), and there were others sub-topics in week 3 as well. I don't remember all of them, as I  took 4 weeks worth of information, in just a single week :)Very excellently taught, and contents, as well as assignments, were of topmost quality.
One might dislike that the derivation of formulas is not talked about in this course, but I think it's the right decision for this course. I took the Coursera Math for Machine Learning Specialization before taking this course, and the derivation for the formulas took at least 4 weeks of background material about linear algebra and multivariable calculus. Thus, this course aims to give you a conceptual understanding of neural networks that will allow you to implement it on your own. While some might argue that the programming assignments are too easy, or that too many hints are given, I think they're necessary for guiding you in the correct direction during the assignments. If you take the time to read the prewritten code, you will be able to get the understanding you get from writing it fully from scratch and possibly taking hours to debug and to read NumPy documentation. Overall, a very solid course for those who want to build a neural network on their own.
Excellent course. Surpasses Andrew Ng's original Machine Learning course in conceptual depth and ease of implementation. The lecture videos, quizzes, and programming assignments are all targeted towards someone who knows nothing about deep learning or machine learning, yet manages to elaborate on surprisingly advanced topics which you would not expect to make an appearance in an introductory course. It strikes a superb balance between simplicity and depth that is rare even in in-person university courses, and much rarer still in MOOCs. I will be taking all the rest of the courses in the Deep Learning Specialization. Well done.
I've learned to build the basic binary classification model from conventional logistic regression to a shallow model (with one hidden layer) up to any layers of ANN. One of the most rewarding point for me is that I start using python (other than Matlab with which I have stuck for years until recently most cutting-edge open-source codes are found delivered in Python!). Although there is still a long way to go , I found well warmed up by those delicately designed step-by-step programming exercises in Jupyter notebook. Therefore, I do appreciate the course materials contributed by the lecturer as well as the exercises-designers!
Wonderful class. I started out not knowing anything about neural network or deep learning. I was able to follow the class lectures to get a sense of what was going on. The assignments were clearly structured and well organized, and serves as excellent examples in how to build this type of applications (by small building blocks and test each of the block carefully). At the end, I was able to build my first neural network implementation in recognizing a cat!!  (However, I have uploaded 3 non-cat images, but NN failed by predicting these were cats. On the contrary, logical regression correctly predict the 3 images as non-cat).
Andrew Ng is a thorough teacher and shows how online platform can be as engaging as taking a live class. His pace and style of writing slides is perfect for keeping pace taking notes by hand (my preferred way for efficient learning).  He takes time to explain in depth how NN's work, and even more important his experience how to use them. Homework is a bit simple, but also appreciate to not be mired in coding details. Nice to be able to focus on how NN's works. Best part is that each piece of code can be fully tested against known output before used further. Illustrates nicely good practice once doing real coding project.
Through the Neural Networks and Deep Learning course, I have learned the fundamentals of neural networks and deep learning. The lectures are simple and easy to understand. The assessments have designed to test students in the fundamental knowledge of neural networks and deep learning. The assignments are designed to guide students on how to design and implement a shallow and deep neural networks, by applying what have been taught in the lecture. In conclusion, I enjoyed this course and I will definitely continue the deep learning specialisation courses to achieve my career goals. Thank you Prof. Andrew Ng and Coursera.
Andrew, like no other instructor, manages to convey difficult material in a clear and concise manner. Even after many years experience in machine learning/deep learning, this course lead to many "aha" moments where many things I learned about the topic came together! The only criticism that I have for this excellent course is that I wish it would contain some, maybe optional, videos that go deeper into the math of for example backprop. I think this is a difficult concept to grasp and I imagine that if Andrew would sketch the proof with is clear and concise style, a lot more people had a much better understanding of it.
Excellent course.  Lectures are clear and concise.  Professor Ng makes it seem so understandable despite the complexity of actual programming implementation! Assignments are both relatively straightforward (overall concepts) and tricky (keeping track of the matrix manipulations in Python).  I don't know how many times I started a programming assignment, hit a wall in terms of programming errors, and came back to it after a time and getting through that error.  Persistence, at least for me, was definitely a major component.  Well worth the time put in.  Looking forward to taking the next class in the sequence.
I am so proud and confident of the things i learned. i never expected to learn this much from an online machine learning course, so many concepts that were vague to me in the past are now Crystal clear, and prof. Andrew does an outstanding explanation for each concept, not to mention that the programming assignments are extremely beneficial and cover every concept explained throughout the videos in a really cool, professional way. This has been only the first course in the deep learning specialization i am currently pursuing, and it made me so much more excited for the upcoming courses! thank you coursera :)
I really enjoyed taking this course. I have taken one of Andrew's courses before, and they keep getting better. I have a background in development, and appreciated the use of python over octave.  Andrew consistently strives to provide an intuitive feel for the topics he is presenting. The fact that he is able to provide a complex subject in a simple manner speaks to his mastery of the subject.  The course contained a great mix of theory and practical application of those theories. I'm looking forward to the next course.
What an amazing course.  To be fair, I had completed Dr. Ng's course "Machine Learning" before taking this particular course, so some of the concepts, I was already familiar with.  This course, delved deeper into the mathematics of Neural Networks and followed it up with coding assignments in Python.  This course has provided a strong foundation for me to continue to build my knowledge base.  To anyone interested in Deep Learning, take this course!!!
Great course to get a practical understanding of  (Deep) Neural Networks. I would recommend to take Andrew Ngs "Machine Learning" course (also available on Coursera) beforehand, because the latter is much more rigorous when it comes to matrices operations. Thus it is unfortunately possible to just fill in the provided code in this course but don't really understand what it does.
This field of deep learning has always intrigued me and I wanted to study it. My university offered a course, but sadly I couldn't enroll in it. However, thankfully, I got access to this masterpiece and now I can say that by completing course 1, I am pretty confident about neural networks and how to construct one.Great Couse, and Great Instructor. Would Definitely RECOMMEND!!!
This course formed a concrete background in building multi-layers neural network from scratch. The best advantage of this course is I was able to immediately apply the knowledge I gained into real world problem like humanoid navigation towards known targets. Illustration is great in terms of mathematical explanation and coding in a step by step walk through.
This is one of the courses I enjoyed the most. For someone who has little to no knowledge in calculus and programming, I found the course is well tailored for all kinds of background. The pace is not so fast and Andrew is making it so easy even for beginners to grasp the new jargon and formulae. Thank you Coursera. Thank you Andrew.
The course gives you very deep intuitions about neural  networks and glimpse of deep learning .NO special mathematics course is not required formal understanding of  high school calculus  is enough .The programming assignment are too good actually they multiply your understanding,  you get a feeling of real world application .
Excellent course to start learning about the basics of deep learning. Not just a simple copy paste cat vs dog classification course. But rather, a proper mathematical understanding of logistic regression, how it can be used as a single layer network to building one hidden layer network to multi layer hidden neural networks.
Neural Networks and deep learning is absolutely a great course for beginners. Those who have interest in this field can go for this course. It will clear all your doubts and you will enjoy this course. It was absolutely helpful for me . It helped me in gaining new skills and expand my knowledge.
This course really helped me and gave me new skills by applying my first neural network in very cleared way from prof Andrew ng as usual. big thanks for everyone who worked on this course and helped us to increment our knowledge, i recommend this course to everyone.
A great course to understand basic concepts of Deep Learning. If you are a beginner in Deep Learning and thinking if you should invest your time and money here, don't give a second thought and join right away. Andrew Ng never disappoints!
Very well structured, the code is much better than in the Machine Learning course that was initially posted on Coursera, and the use of Python instead of Matlab makes things much easier and friendly for everyone. I really enjoyed it.
Good for those who just want an experience with the fundamental processes of NN. I would recommend spending more time reviewing if you are not trying to do an applied version of Neural Networks.
Excellent course with great assignments. I have learnt from the beginner level in DL. It also helps one to brush up the calculus and linear algebra knowledge very much.
Extremely well structured course that gives you good intuition about how deep learning works by starting with simply examples and adding layers of complexity.
Great content and pace was more than manageable. (Unrelated but worth mentioning is that I have found Coursera the platform to be incredibly buggy)
Andrew Ng has the best explanation for neural nets, when compared to so many online resources I have saw upto this time.
Such a complex subject made look like so simple. Every concept is covered in detail. Thank you Andrew Ng.
Very hard work in designing the notebooks so the pupils's learning processing is maximized.
very clearly explained and can't find anything better, loved the intuition part the most.
The most comprehensive and illustrative Machine learning course I could get through.
Converting Mathematical equation to Python code are very well explained !!!
Lovely course and it will surely boost my career. Everyone should do this.
An excellent course to start your journey on A.I. and Deep Learning.
Thank you so nice of you Andrew Ng, you are one of my best teachers
Easy to follow class, breaks everything down to small simple steps.
Andrew Ng is an awesome instructor!
it's not bad however too easy
Hello Andrew Ng Sir & Coursera Team, Tell your instructors about yourself.My name is Amit Wadhe. I am software engineer working in Walmart, Bangalore, India. I have 4 Years of working experience. Prior to Walmart I was working for Morgan Stanley. I have done my Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering. I was always passionate about the computer from my school days. Out of curiosity I did my first C Language class in 10th Standard(School). That too with daily up-down of total 180km with train for one month from my hometown to Akola city. That time there was no computer courses offered in my hometown. After my schooling, I decided to go for engineering in Computer branch. I think that is enough in short about me.Why did you take the course? How has it helped you?I am working mainly on Java applications for last 4 years professionally. In last couple of years I realised that its not something which is exciting me, Its not something I wanted to work on. I was not sure what I wanted to work on, what excites me. I was hearing bits and pieces about Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence since long from friends and colleagues. I was having perception about AI is that it's something big, something rocket science, something not for normal professional. But I got true trigger when I saw video about self driving car in silicon valley. That time I felt, Yes I wanted work on something like this, something which can be useful in real life, day to day life. I started searching about ML courses on google, I saw multiple courses on Udemy and Coursera. I red feedback about some courses. First place I started with some Udemy courses on ML for beginners but It comprised of only on how to code instead how it work internally. I was interested in knowing how something works internally instead of more in coding part. As I was Java developer I knew coding is not big deal. So I was curios about how ML models work internally, what is mathematics behind it, I was having interest in mathematics from the school days, though I did not score top. Then I started with ML by Andrew Ng on Coursera. After completing course, I felt like Yes, this is what I was looking for. Post completion my curiosity in deep learning has taken deep dive and I started looking for more courses by Andrew Ng on Deep Learning.This course helped me to clear my understanding about how Neural network works mathematically. I was knowing bits and pieces about neural network steps like forward propagation and backward propagation but that was partial knowledge. After completing course I got that satiate feeling, Yes I know now, I understand it now in and all. What did you love about the course? Tell them!"I loved the bottom up approach of Andrew Ng Sir explaining concepts and Unveiling the treasure". Irrespective of background I think anyone can understand the course with some knowledge on matrices and linear algebra. Recalling required knowledge learned in previous slides in short before diving into concept. Pace of course is also something which helps to grasp concept easily. Very intuitive examples helps to understand concepts faster. The example which I like most is about Neural network model of housing price prediction where Andrew Sir told intuition of hidden layers which is really connected to real life examples.
This course was insanely clear and meticulously constructed. As someone who does data science work professionally, I so appreciated the thought that went into the design of the videos and the programming assignments. You are seeing really exemplary code and also really sophisticated use of the Jupyter notebook! Also, the test cases are so well-constructed. You really get to *see* all of this stuff working or not with the carefully designed helper functions that allow you to visualize the decision boundaries and view training examples. Of course, the writing of these helper functions is no small feat. IT WILL NOT BE LIKE THIS WHEN YOU CAST OUT ON YOUR OWN. But, what this course does for folks (like me) who didn't have the benefit of a course like this in their formal schooling (perhaps they are too old and this stuff only got well-organized and codified more recently) is provide exemplars. Will your code always look like this for everything you build? No. But it shows you, using the exact technology that you are likely to employ professionally (tensorflow is coming up in the next course), what is possible. I look forward to rest of the specialization.A note on the pacing: Perhaps because I am already very familiar with python, numpy, and Jupyter notebooks, I was able to complete this course in about two days (rather less than 4 weeks). However, I still got a ton out of it. I think it is paced the way it is so as to be viewed as more accessible by everyone, and also not with the assumption that you want to dedicate the majority of a weekend to it. Probably also there is something to the psychology of completing it so very ahead of schedule that the designers of this specialization are not altogether unaware of. But, if you, like me, know that you want a refresher on neural nets that is going to be practical and useful, in that it will help you both implement them AND understand what you're doing, this is a quick and effective way to jump back in.Finally, since this is such a quick course, I really recommend NOT skipping it, even if you want to get to the more advanced topics in the rest of the specialization quickly. The course is so thoughtfully designed and concepts are introduced in a very specific and intentional way to make sure you understand each step before the course progresses. Based on having experienced this careful design, I expect the notational and programming conventions established in this course will make the next courses in the specialization more accessible.In conclusion, this is I think the best online course with integrated programming exercises I've ever taken. I think it might be a standard-bearer for the whole field. Well done!
Copy&Paste from the survey I wrote earlier.In 2012, I graduated with a statistics degree (BS) from the middle west where many companies hire data scientists to do simple analytics work. With my dream to do more predictive modeling work, I decided to go to the west coast and join the University of Washington to learn statistics in the master's program. One reason was that UW offered a great statistics program that most students chose to continue the Ph.D. program. The other reason was that Seattle had a few great high tech companies for me to explore opportunities at. However, although the MS program gave me a strong background in statistics theory, I found the industry moved so fast that my knowledge was falling behind the industry needs. In 2013-2014, I took Andrew's ML course on Youtube and Amazon hired me as a data scientist in the marketing department of Cloud Computing department (AWS). I figured that as a stats major I didn't have the knowledge in cloud computing or marketing, so in 2015 I took Coursera's big data specialization offered by UC San Diego, and the digital marketing specialization from UIUC. Later, I found another ML job at Amazon, using a lot of big data tools (Hadoop, spark, etc.) on AWS. After a year of settling down in San Francisco, this year, I decided to pick up the knowledge in deep learning. The first course of DL was fundamental but contained so much information that sometimes I needed to review several times because I forgot many statistical theories back in school. I thought it'd be very hard course but Andrew did a great job designing the curriculum where the theory and the application have a great balance for working people like me to start with. The amount of homework was much easier than I anticipated. I think for students who want to take the real challenge of coding, should hide Andrew's hint and write own functions. Overall, I like the Coursera courses and will continue to learn.
This course is great! I wish they would release a new version of the course where the math is visually explained instead of just handwriting by Dr. Ng. I think having to work with a small tablet really hapered his ability to develop the ideas as he was always trying to pack a lot of information on one ipad screen I would think that he could just stand in front of a white board and write on it with maybe hiring a sound technician this time? because despite the really high quality content of this course the audio is terrible and with the ipad screen not really doing justice to the writing, it really takes multiple viewings to figure out what's going on. I would also suggest that Dr Ng really should explain when which one is which when he is using Y vs y and X vs x ... I'm sure it's crystal clear in his mind but for newbies like me, it can be confusing at times when there they write x but mean X (and vice versa)...I still think this course is brilliant and it really cleared many concepts in my mind. It answered a lot of questions I've had after watching the fast.ai course. So if you're doing the fast.ai courses, you should definitely at least audit the deep learning.ai specialization courses and tbh, $50/mo is a steal for the calibre of information that is on offer (video/audio and ipad issues notwithstanding ) Work through it and you will find it extremely rewarding! Don't give up, keep going and if you feel frustrated, take a break and rewatch the videos the next day after a good night's sleep. It really helped me that I watched and rewatched video lectures, did the quiz, failed and came back to understand why I couldn't answer quiz answers. Good luck to all and Thank you to Dr Ng for making this available to us free of charge (if we wish to audit) I would buy the specialization though, since it is worth every penny and then some!
Good introduction to implementing shallow and deep neural networks in Python. If you have no knowledge of neural networks or Python, I'd suggest doing a little preparatory study first so that you know what a neural network is and feel comfortable writing short Python programs.Theory: the course is not heavy on machine learning theory. I had covered the theoretical parts previously in other courses. This course provided a useful summary of these and left me feeling confident that I had a good overview.Maths: this course doesn't place great emphasis on the mathematics. It shows you the relevant equations, with the emphasis on understanding the underlying concepts rather than going through detailed derivations. Sometimes there's an optional extra video going through the equations in a little more depth. A frequent message is: don't worry if you don't understand all the mathematical detail, you can still learn to implement neural networks effectively.Implementation: the course uses the Python NumPy library throughout. It does not go into deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch. From the outset, you are taught to use NumPy in an efficient ("vectorized") way. The programming exercises are well thought through and I found that they all worked smoothly, a pleasant change from some other courses elsewhere.Overall I found this to be a gentle but satisfying introductory course to the Deep Learning specialisation. Andrew Ng is an excellent teacher. His manner is both calm and enthusiastic and he clearly cares about equipping students with the skills that they need and doing so in an accessible way. The optional "Heroes of Deep Learning" interviews were particularly interesting, full of gems and hints about what could lie ahead if you decide to go more deeply into the field.
TL;DR: Very much worth taking if you're looking to get into the field, develop (much) deeper understanding of the underlying theory and the necessary infrastructure.I first gave it 4 stars and then changed to 5, let me tell you why. If you're reading this review, you are most likely considering taking this course and you very likely have some idea about what Deep Learning is supposed to be. You're also probably aware of the "black magic" stigma surrounding the field and that it is going to take some time to get used to the way of thinking, even though if you have some experience in "conventional" machine learning. Well this course (read: it's creators) also understands all of those points extremely well. With that in mind, the course caters to people who are are making their first steps in the field of DL, people who are not expected to have a high degree of expertise in dealing with DL models and especially not in creating those. Students are expected to understand about 85% of the underlying theory in order to get the models working (the rest is mostly calculus needed for deriving certain more difficult gradients) and the coding assignments include a considerable amount of hand-holding. That fact made me want to say how the course was trivialized in a certain way, and it really is (but don't let this discourage you; you will still need to implement all of the key parts and do take your time to really understand what they do), but then I thought about that again and concluded that I most likely would have struggled to complete the course otherwise. Andrew Ng and the deeplearning.ai team had a wonderful approach to teaching this course, it kept me coming for more and I cannot wait to start with following courses in the specialization.
Terrific course with 4 solid weeks of learning.  The journey includes  logistic regression for classification, shallow neural networks, deep neural networks, and building your own picture classification NN.The virtual classroom lectures, quizzes, and programming assignments test your knowledge every week.NN initialization, forward propagation, cost function, loss, backward propagation, gradient descent, and prediction using your trained model to classify pictures (in this case cats)The coverage of the Calculus and Linear Algebra that are the basis for algorithms is explained in a way that builds a solid foundation without deep knowledge of the fundamental math behind the activation functions (sigmoid, relu, and tanh).  A good understanding of matrix math, especially matrix multiplication, is a benefit to help navigate the courseThe programming assignments use numpy python and are conducted in a Coursera frame Juypiter notebook.  Strongly recommend beginners take the python tutorial as the syntax challenges can burn a lot of effort that can take away from the NN learning experience.  Also be mindful of stability issues that can cause erroneous results (restarts of kernel) and can cause lost worked due to failed auto savesThe volunteers that help on the message board are quite good!  Thanks Paul!Finally, Professor Andrew Ng truly knows his stuff, presents in an understandable way, and communicates the excitement he has for the topic.  Having taken a previous machine learning course (Stanford Machine Learning also offered by Coursera), Professor Ng is a world class instructor and Data ScientistBest of luck!
I found it very helpful as it confirmed most of the things I had already learned by doing deep learning projects on my own, as well as browsing additional literature on machine learning / deep learning and having done some internships where I had to apply these things. So for me personally, this course did not teach me anything ew, but organised and structured the knowledge in my head nicely by summarizing it very neatly. Also, some of the hints on implementation where helpful (like the numpy reshaping issue with arrays of shape (n,) as opposed to (n,m)). One thing I found is that deep learning can only really be understood if the covering of back propagation includes the low level derivatives + chain rule discussions; otherwise, you dont really "understand" whats going on. I appreciate that the course (just like the original "Machine Learning" one, which was excellent) tries to reach a broad audience that does not necessarily know analysis to the extent required for backprop, but maybe it would be a nice idea to include a "mathematician's point of view" on the backprop as an optional part. I found that in my personal studies, looking at backprop from the pure analysis point of view helped me a lot in "demystifying" deep learning and seeing it for optimization approach that it is. Having said that, I found the course very nicely structured, with very clear explanations and relatable applications. Thanks to coursera and Andrew for providing this great source of knowledge for free, I really appreciate these efforts! SebastianPS: I gave it 4/5 stars, but for some reasion the rating keeps getting stuck on 5.
This was a very well-thought-out course for beginners in Neural Networks / Deep Learning.  Andrew Ng sets a good pace; I was able to complete each week's lecture videos and assignments in less than 10 hours.  Lectures were always clear and often went over things which would not directly be needed for assignments, but which will be useful to anyone planning to do work in this field.  Andrew Ng was also very good about explaining where the mathematical equations came from, while stressing that it's not super-important to understand fully where they come from, as long as you're able to implement them.I should add that I'm probably not the typical audience for this class --- I have an extensive math background but only just started programming a few months ago.  Python code was scaffolded and commented in such a way that even a noobie to programming can follow and complete coursework, and I can say I've not only learned about NN/DL algorithms, but also a good deal about programming in python as well.  One major topic that still blows me away is the speed boost we get from avoiding for loops and using vectorization instead.  The post-assignment interview videos were also interesting.  Andrew Ng would interview a guest 'powerhouse' at the end of each week, and the topics covered there often went way beyond the scope of this individual course, and gave a much more broad overview of where we are now and where we seem to be heading in the near and long term.
This is a wonderful course. I have been reading passively for about  a year on resources related to ML and DL, but never got the full grasp of the concepts the way Prof. Andrew explained them. The quizzes where entertaining and insightful, as well as the programming examples. I completed this 4-week course in about 2 days straight; some of the quizzes were 70/100 at my first try but then got to 100/100 after 1-2 tries. On the programming assignments I got 100/100 on the first try (except for the first one which didn't register my last 3 code answers -even though I typed and ran correctly - for which I had to restart the kernel, launched it again in incognito mode and after I was done re-ran all the snippets one last time just to be sure). The hardest part of the course for me was to understand derivatives and overall calculus development and factorization because I had the necessary classes a few years ago, and honestly I wasn't very good at it back then either. One thing I would suggest would be to improve audio quality, as well as editing the videos instead of providing a warning message before a video with errors because sometimes it's hard to follow the course part let alone spot the error itself.Again, I would like to thank Professor Andrew Ng. and the Deeplearning.ai team, as well as the Coursera platform for providing such great realtime capabilities like the jupyter notebook and the automatic grading system.
This is a great course which covers some popular machine learning techniques such as regression. And then it moves to deep learning with neural networks with the techniques of forward and backward propagation. It is a good course for beginner and the homework are fairly easy. However, this course still leaves some unanswered questions which might be covered in the future courses such as how to select hyperparameters, why we choose this specific cost function, are there any other deep learning framework other than neural networks structure, any other application other than image recognition. In addition, for those who have some background in machine learning, the interview section is a bonus which talked about GANs. There are somethings not very enjoyable as well. For example, the notebook is unable to download so people have to write it down otherwise when the course expired, it is quite hard to get the course material. The lecture notes are badly organized: you have to download every slides one by one. (or I just didn't find the right place to download). Thirdly, this course didn't talk too much about techniques that the industry is using. What I am trying to say is that I don't know if the techniques in this course is applicable in the industry, is it too simple or is it too old etc. Overall, it is a very fun and educated course. I can't wait to jump into the next course.
This course has been very interesting and engaging for me. Dr. Ng explains everything very thoroughly and provides compelling examples of real world application for the material. Occasionally he can be a bit redundant, but I found that helpful, since sometimes it takes more than one pass through the material to understand it clearly. I am also taking his Machine Learning course (Stanford) concurrently and I found the courses to complement each other very well.Additional practical notes: The linear algebra involved in the course is relatively basic and explained thoroughly enough that it can be picked up along the way if you don't have much math background. Also, the programming assignments help expose you to Python syntax. If you don't have much Python experience, use the discussion forums. If you do, you'll find the assignments to be incredibly easy, as they have ample starter code with a few plug-and-chug "your code here" sections. These are mostly just to demonstrate how the material is applied. The primary value in the course is conceptual. For someone with very little coding experience like myself, I appreciate how thoroughly the code was annotated so I could get a grasp on what it was doing without having to stab through trying to produce it myself. Overall, I really loved this course, and I learned so much!
This course from the basic to the advanced, leading us to understand deep learning. From the initial logistic regression, then to the shallow neural network, and finally to the deep neural network, we gradually learned the neural network representation and calculation process, and finally began to implement the cat image recognition binary classifier. The course is very clear and logical, eliminating the tedious mathematical derivation, but still allowing us to understand all the mathematical details including calculation and vectorization. The assignments are done step by step, starting from the basic functions and gradually encapsulating, and finally constitute a complete neural network, which enables students to have a deep understanding of neural network and master knowledge from practice. It is worth mentioning that the setting of course gradient is reasonable, and the details that are difficult to understand in the previous course do not need to be understood all at once. In the later courses, the understanding of the previous knowledge points will be deepened repeatedly, and due to the foreshadation of other knowledge points, a more complete and comprehensive supplement will be provided to the previous knowledge. Looking forward to series two.
This is my first completed course on Coursera.org!!! and I win a certificate with nearly full marks! I was very bad at coding .... although now I still not good at it, this course convinces me that even a poor guy in coding like me can finish and establish a neural networks! it truly boosts my confidence! Thanks Andrew Ng.One thing to note for this course.... maybe it can improve later in this side. I feel quite easy and comfortable with all mathematical deductions.... however, when I code in week 4, the backward propagation, I nearly get lost.... I spend the whole afternoon and night to solve it and then finish assignment 2 in week 4 (from 2 pm till 10:03 pm)... I bet many people get stuck on that area. hmm, It's really easy to get lost and puzzled there. I guess there maybe some points we can figure it out more easily.  Just a little advice.Anyway, I love this course. It's a trigger for my coding area, though I'm a physics student and now in electrical engineering.... I still feel very comfortable about this course. Thanks Andrew Ng!!! I don't know how to express my gratitude to you! If I did not take this course, I may never ever to attempt on Deep Learning, such a complex and advanced thing.I will continue to study~~ see you
Pros: + You will understand clearly how things work and why they work          + Provide mathematical insights for those who are interested (really a big plus wrt other                            courses)          + Overall a simple introduction to Neural Nets. Even those who already have experience can                    benefit from this brush up (even at a fast pace: you can complete it in 2-4 days)Cons: - Since it is quite basic material, those who are already accustomed to NN might want to jump to the second course of the specialization.           - You learn python by doing, but you will not get an understanding of python. I would suggest to get a little bit familiar with it in other ways (however, this is not a requirement to master the course).Clear, quick overview of the basics of Neural Network. Provide even some mathematical justification, even if it is really not a requirment to fully understand it in order to succesfully achieve the course. However, IMHO it is always good to have at least some insights of the mathematics behind.This course sets well the basics, but to be really able to work on your own projects I think it is a must to take the second course of this specialization.
This course is truly deserving of its high ratings. Prof. Andrew Ng's extensive breakdown of the structure and function of neural networks work is unparalleled. For me personally this course has been of great help. The theory lectures made me understand just how these networks "learn". This course is a great beginning and I think, prepares the student well to learn more in depth and advance concepts of deep learning.However, if you are looking to get hands-on experience building and training deep learning modes I would recommend checking out some free resources on YouTube with  the Keras framework. I played around with with Keras following the YouTube channel Sentdex's Keras tutorials. Then took this course to get a more mathematical and theoretical understanding. Some students might find themselves a bit unprepared for the coding exercises, since the lectures are more focused on theory and math, showing little to no code. This is why I thinks this is a great (if not the best) 2nd course, but maybe not as helpful as a first introduction.For a free first introduction, check out the channel 3blue1brown's videos on Neural Networks to get your feet wet, before diving further deep. ;P
I am seeing that people are complaining in the top review saying that the course is bad because there isn't stoppages for you to think and all that. Or like the code is relatively simple to write. What I want to say is that this is how, in general, what you learn in school. And this is the exact style that is being taught in school. The professor isn't going to pause here and there for you, unless you raise your hand to ask questions. In my machine learning class there isn't even quiz to check your understanding. The only thing missing in this course is PROJECT. Which is something that a online course can't provide, and there is no way the tutors can mark all your project. When you complain about the lab assignments, this is exactly the type of lab assignment that you get in school, just that perhaps in school the variables isn't even given (but that is because tutors are within range and you can ask them any time you want, but this isn't the case for online learning, they have to make this do-able for everyone)For something that is free, I can't believe that people are complaining about the quality, this is on par with my school's standard, and my school isn't bad at all.
Dr. Andrew Ng is brilliant and it is so amazing to have access to this type of knowledge for less than I spend on Starbucks in two to three weeks.  I am taking some online courses at a big name university (to the tune of $4,000 per course), and for the money, this is a real bargain and just as good if not better!The thing I liked most about this particular course is that it showed us what's happening under the hood, and not just a course on how to use tools, nor is it all theory. Dr. Ng also introduced us to Geoffrey Hinton, the pioneer of backward propagation which was worth the price of admission alone. That said, it was not so tough that I couldn't keep up. I would say that having some exposure to calculus would help, but it is not required. Also, you need to be more than just familiar with Python, but if you can spend a few extra hours per week on the course, you can work your way through it with just a familiarity with Python. It has challenged me to keep going to the next level and complete the specialization -- AI is not rocket science -- at least not at the level of applying this knowledge. Being at Dr. Ng's level might be a different story. Highly recommended!
To set the context, I have a PhD in Computer Engineering from the University of Texas at Austin.  I am a working professional (13+ years), but just getting into the field of ML and AI.  I completed Dr. Ng's course on Machine Learning on Coursera first.  I recommend that students of this course should first complete that course (or an equivalent one).  This course was an excellent review of the basic concepts of Neural Networks.  The lectures were well presented and the maths/equations were explained intuitively.  The problem solving assignments were in Python (as opposed to Matlab).  As before, Dr. Ng walked us through the assignments: hand-holding us through the solution.  The quizzes were fairly challenging and helped me reinforce the concepts quite well.I wish there were a few open problems (Kaggle style) at the end of the course so that the class students could compete with each other.  It would be a good addition to the course.  I would appreciate more real world examples throughout the course as well.  I look forward to completing the remaining courses!  Thank you, Dr. Ng.  Thanks you, teaching assistants.  Thank you, Coursera.  This is truly a wonderful course.
Thorough and simple explanations that help internalize the deep learning concepts. Video lectures are very helpful. Listen more than once to clarify concepts. Very useful jupyter notebook exercises with solutions that provide knowledge reinforcement.  Vectorized form of deep learning neural network equations enable development of clutter-free and faster scalable solutions. Before taking the course refresh your knowledge of linear algebra  esp. basic matrix operation such as matrix size,  transpose, and implementation in Python via numpy such as numpy.dot for matrix multiplication, numpy.multiply for element-wise multiplication. Familiarity of Python key:value dictionary data structure and retrieval of values via keys.  This knowledge will build confidence to code the functions and methods for forward propagation, back propagation, and gradient descent to update weights and biases. Also pay some attention to how indices in square brackets are used to identify matrices for inputs, outputs, parameters (weights and biases), activation values/models, various layers of a neural network, and nodes in a particular layer (all explained well in lectures.
I've been impossibly busy and first thought this was something i could play in the background while I did other work. Quickly it became apparent that data I had been used to with M.shape = (user/observation/etc, feature) was now the transpose. This took a simple few examples on paper to convince me why this was a superior notation for D/RNN architectures given numpy notation. I also at first thought that the bias should be added to W, X,  for greater expressibility of the relationship y = g(WX) and for the backprop updates that require 'estimating' the W.T*g^-1(y) and g^-1(y)*X.T (where y is understood as the general activation after layer l and  X is the general output of the previous layer), but now I see why separating the bias is useful -- it estimates the 'scale' of all the data at the output layer at once (estimating the unbalance in the marginal distribution, for example), whereas the other gradients come from estimating the perturbative deformation in the input layer, thus they are slightly different from the perspective of forward backwards distributional learning. Bravo, and thank you!
Thanks for the course. Very neatly explained on the background maths that happens in neural networks. This course will help you understand the step by step what happens within the network. The step by step procedure which is explained by Professor is great and he has repeatedly stressed the important steps to make it clear. Along with the explaining the formulas the assignment helps in implementing the formulas step by step and converting the whole thing to a neural network model, this is a great learning. One of the important thing covered in the beginning of the course is about vectorization, python broadcasting which is the key for neural network.The pace at which Professor explained the concepts is good and easy to follow and the structure of the course is well laid-out which helps for the beginners. One thing that could have been better is the assignments, current assignments are definitely helpful for beginners like me, but could have some more assignments which increases the complexity level (may be it is there in subsequent courses). Overall very good course and helped me
I admire Professor Andrew Ng's patience in helping the students take baby steps by painting a big picture from each small pixel, just as how a neural network is built. This course has given me great exposure to how neural network, although I realize I need to take a Python course to type code more freely and easily.I'm going to do that next and then come back to the remaining courses in this specialization. feedback - it's really hard to visualize some of these matrices and their dimensions used in a large neural network with so many parameters such as nx features, m training examples, n iterations, L layers with (nL, NL-1) weights, (nL,1) biases etc. I understand it's hard to show these matrices by writing as they are very large. I wish someone would develop a more "animative" way of illustrating these matrices that will make the intuition more stronger. for example, calculating forward_activation for all layers and all neurons across these layers by just passing X and parameters is a massive operation and the intuition stumbles purely by the scale of such a matrix operation.
Things that I learned:
1) Introduction to deep learning
2) Logistic Regression, gradient descent on logistic regression
3) Forward and Backward Propagation
4) Computational graph and how to use the computational graph to calculate the forward and backward prop
5) Shallow Neural Network, and how to work on it end to end
6) Deep Neural Network and it's end-to-end implementation on an application (Classification of cat vs non-cat).

Pros: 
1) The course is in Python
2) The way Andrew Ng sir teaches is simplistic and memorable as he starts from small concepts and relates the same concept in complex problems too. For example:- He started teaching forward and backward prop using logistic regression then he carried the same in shallow neural net and finally on a deep neural net.

Cons: 
1) The number of questions in the video is less as compared to the Machine Learning course by Andrew Ng.
2) There could have been more clarification on a few small topics.
3) The video didn't provide any sort of notes or lecture slides.
( Note that I found useful: https://lnkd.in/f3fZGCy )
As usual, Prof. Andrew Ng knocks it out of the park!!!  He would argue otherwise, but he's a natural born teacher whether he admits it or not.  This was a challenging course, but I found the objectives to be achievable with a bit of hard work and cool-headed thought.  Having taken Prof. Ng's Machine Learning course already, most of the material from the first two weeks of NN4DL was review.  Unlike the broader ML course, DL was much more narrowly focused on concepts leading to mastery of deep neural nets.  It also ditches the MATLAB/Octave used in ML for a more portable Python environment.  I had basically no knowledge of Python when I started, so I guess I learned it in 4 weeks!  :D  My advice: take ML first, or you may be lost.  I had the math and ML background for this stuff to make sense, so Python was the only thing entirely new to me.  If you're fuzzy on calculus, or ML, or programming, I don't recommend starting with this course.  But if you have a strong background on those things, you'll find this course is well worth your time!  Good luck.
I've taken and finished Udacity's Nanodegree, and while it certainly has a lot of its own strengths, I came here to get another perspective on the math involved, especially in backpropogation and numpy operations. Lo and behold, this class (Andrew in particular, of course) delivered exactly what I was looking for. And because the course was supremely self-paced, instead of feeling rushed to hit an official deadline like Udacity's course, I was able to take the time I needed to watch the videos a couple times each, when necessary, and really drill home the concepts.Lastly, the projects here at Coursera are extremely well thought out, organized, and testable. I *loved* the use of the numpy seed operation, so when I completed a function and tested it, I felt extremely confident that the inputs, operations, and outputs were exactly what I needed. At this point, I definitely like the approach to projects much better than Udacity's (always felt like more of a guessing game there).I'm excited to start and finish the next course in the Specialization!
Excellent course.  Quick introduction to the basics of neural networks.  This course has very high overlap with Prof. Ng's course on neural networks at Stanford.  This appears to be the updated version on his new DeepLearning.ai platform.The programming assignments are very user friendly, in that the code is already highly structured with student code just to fill in a few blanks.  They also provide built-in test cases.  The difficulty level is not high compared to a more open ended problem formulation (let alone a real world task).  The assignments do make efficient use of student time in that they focus on the essential aspects of the course material and minimize time spent on extraneous computer programming challenges.I appreciated the consistent and strategically chosen notation, which makes it easier to translate formulas into code snippets.  Ng's notation conventions allow you to make an educated guess at how to vectorize algorithms in numpy simply by capitalizing variable names.Thank you for sharing your knowledge and expertise with us!
This is a great class to get introduced to deep learning concepts and get some hands on experience with the underlying machine learning aspects. The Jupyter notebooks are great in that you are left with something you can use later as a starting point if you want to do your own implementations. The flip side of that is that, in my view, the coding assignments are made too easy and I feel that after all the hints and given the code you are given, the student's contribution is a tad too trivial at that point. Still, this doesn't change my rating because from the perspective of learning about DL concepts, this is not a crucial point. Since the course is still very new, there remain a few bits of consistency in notation and other little details that haven't yet been 100% fixed, but there's a lot of activity in the forums to help you clarify things and give feedback on what is not working. As usual, Andrew Ng does a great job of motivating and explaining all the concepts. If you enjoyed his ML class, definitely go with this specialization.
Extremely well-taught and well-structured introduction to neural networks and deep learning.  I found the explanations of forward and back propagation to be at a level suitable for  getting the algorithms to work without swamping one in detailed calculus, but with enough detail to enable productive further study. There is an introduction to computation graphs that will hopefully lead into Tensorflow in the next courses in this specialisation. Professor Ng is a methodical, very knowledgable and interesting teacher and I really enjoyed all his video lectures. The weekly quizzes are reasonably challenging and the programming exercises very well written and enjoyable. If I have one minor criticism it is that there is perhaps a little  too much 'hand-holding' in the programming exercises; I felt that some code was supplied that could have been left for the student to fill in, some very basic Python instructions could also have been left for the student. I am greatly looking forward to the next courses in this specialisation.
The best course in deep learning out there! Python assignments might be a little easy for someone with extensive knowledge of python. I don't think this is necessarily a bad thing, because it makes the student focus more on understanding deep learning rather than spending time writing python-based code (e.g. creating the functions, importing libraries, etc). If you don't have extensive python knowledge, you will be able to do the assignments, but I would recommend to try to understand how the whole code is structured and what each line of code is doing. Also, although Andrew continuously suggests to not worry about the calculus, I think it is helpful (and maybe necessary) to have some basic knowledge of calculus (derivatives) and linear algebra (vectors, matrix multiplication, etc) before doing the course. This will help you have a deeper understanding of the math behind the code and how neural networks work. Overall, Andrew is a great professor and covers all topics in a comprehensive and understandable way!
First of all, I thank Professor Andrew Ng for offering this high quality "Deep Learning" specialization. This specialization helped me overall to gain a solid fundamentals and strong intuition about building blocks of Neural Networks. I'm looking forward to have a next level course on top of this track. Thanks again, Sir!I strongly recommend this specialization for anyone who wish get their hands dirty and  wants to understand what really happens under the hood of Neural networks with some curiosity.Some of the key factors that differentiate this specialization from other specialization course: 1. Concepts are laid from ground up (i.e you to got to build models using basic numpy/pandas/python and then all the way up using tensorflow and keras etc) 2. Programming Assignments at end of each week on every course. 3. Reference to influential research papers on each topics and guidance provided to study those articles. 4. Motivation talks from few great leaders and scientist from Deep Learning field/community.
I really enjoyed this course. Andrew really knows this topic very well and his passion shows in his teaching. The course was structured very well and was very easy to follow.I underestimated the knowledge of math required for deep learning. I was never very good at math and it really has been a while I learned vectors, matrices, calculus etc., but this course gave a nice introduction to the math that is needed. However, for me personally, I still had to go back and learn the basic math concepts. Khan Academy and YouTube videos were very helpful.I am very good in coding. However this course made me realize that there is not much coding as such for deep learning. Python libraries really makes it easy. You need to understand the mathematics and formulas, and after that, its all about the test data and your hyper parameters.Unfortunately I have to take a break as I have to travel for business, but I am highly motivated and I will definitely return and complete the other courses for specialization.
Excellent course with hands-on sessions. It is really difficult to learn neural network and deep learning with only theory part. Practice along with theory makes course very much interesting. In this course, Python is used which is open source and freely available. But it is difficult to execute downloaded iPython notebook as dataset  "lr_utils" is not available. However I could execute the code with other dataset but it was difficult initially. There should be separate video lecture about explaining how to solve assignment because initially it was difficult for me to solve the assignment. Grader was giving grade 0 even though code was right then later I found that I was removing some of the lines in comment region and hence I was getting 0 grade even though source code was correct. So special session about submission of assignment should be there. This was my first course on neural network and deep learning and it was great learning experience for me.
Wonderful introduction to deep neural networks and the theory behind them. Programming exerices make for a fun way to try out concepts introduced in this course. Andrew has mastered the delivery of  complex concepts and math behind neural networks in a systematic and discrete chunks, which allows for easier absorbsion of the material. One thing in particular that this course really shines at is looking at the computation graph of forward propagation and using it to explain derivatives used in backward propagation. This is one thing I missed in Andrew's Machine Learning course. Another subtle change which I found to have a big impact on the ability to reason about various computations  in the choice on how to organize input and parameter matrices used in neural network modeling. I found the choices presented in this course a lot more intuitive than the ones in ML class. Many thanks to Andrew and his assistants for putting together this material.
The first course is very good for beginners, however if one has no background skills on how to program in python like myself, then this course is a bit challenging. Implementing all of what I've learned to the Juypiter Notebook using python 3.0 was a bit tricky but understandable as you learn. I feel happy and motivated to continue and finish the whole specialization course. I have a strong background in integration calculus, but because the last time I had to do calculus was years ago, it was also a bit tricky to understand some of the calculus concepts presented in the course. I think for the first time user, it will be highly advisable coming from my own thoughts that the student learn Calculus mathematics first and as well as the python specialization course before delving into this Deep learning course. I know the lecturer mentioned that it is not necessary to know Calculus maths, but personally I feel like people need it a lot.
I liked the course very much. The videos and steps to get me to the point that I can really implement the concepts was very much helpful. Although I feel that I need more practice by programming. I think it would have been better if more programming practices provided. Many of the programming parts that was related to the preparation of the data was provided. Maybe it could be beneficiary to do those parts on our own as well.The forum is so crowded and hard to find my way around. Maybe something can be done about that as well.In general I really liked the course, and I think it was the best way to learn the Neural Networks. Now I feel more confident to dive into text books and more mathematics of the NN. I would also like to add that I really loved the "heros" part. Get to know the community, history, and learning about the way that the pioneers and creators of a topic think was very helpful for me.Thank you and good jobNovin
Dr Ng is an outstanding teacher. I like that the material was presented gradually and incrementally, without large gaps. I never felt like I was thrown into the deep end and forced to fend for myself, like I did in courses from at least one Coursera competitive. On the few occasions that I ran into problems with the assignments, browsing the forums was really helpful. With so many people in the class, there was always someone else who has run into the same issue I had experienced. Mentors are pretty diligent about responding to questions. I still struggle a bit with the math since it's been 20 years since I've had it in college. Wish I were still able to derive the equations Dr Ng used. It is great that Dr Ng provided derivations as optional lectures. One issue I have is that the choice of layer sizes hasn't been covered. Perhaps, it'll be covered in future courses in the specialization. Thanks.
I have taken a couple of Neural Network classes at university level for my master's. I did learn a lot but this course on Deep Learning introduced me to concepts I had never had the chance to encounter in those classes. I enjoyed taking this class as well working on the assignments. The assignments are excellent even if most of the coding has been done for you. It is up to the student to understand the underlying code and to pick up Python if she/he has not encountered Python before. In this course, it is important to understand the core concepts before progressing to more complex concepts. I found myself frequently getting lost and having to revert to earlier topics to understand later topics.It was a pleasant experience working with Jupyter notebooks, something I did not have the familiarity with.Kudos to Andrew and team for making this course an enjoyable and rewarding learning experience.
Have you taken a course and has no idea what the lecturer is talking about ? If yes, I am happy to report that it is not the case with this course. The materials are easy to follow and the video lectures's pacing is perfect for anyone with no experience with neural networks. They are well designed to help students to understand the basics of Neural networks by keeping materials focused but yet detailed enough. Also, I have to applaud to Dr A. Ng's lecture delivery. Never once would he make students feel lost or discouraged, and he drop little encouragements along the way. It is like preventive-medicine, in the sense that he anticipated and took measures, to allow students to stay engaged and interested. Kudos ! TLDR: For anyone who has little to no background in Machine Learning and is interested in understanding rather than just knowing the basics with Neural Network, this course is for you.
The prospects of deep learning is exciting in every field from science, engineering, medicine, economics and many more. If you have any interest in Neural networks and Deep learning irrespective of your academic background, then this specialization will be a great opportunity to you for learning and harnessing the power of deep learning in your field.The best part of the specialization are the programming assignments which are based on building and implementing popular real life applications of deep learning. Even though this may seem tough, you will have to fill only the important snippets of the code(the rest is already there for you), which makes it intuitive and easy. I used python for first time in this course so the course also became way to learn python. Very well designed course structure through out the specialization! It's a great way to introduce yourself to Deep Learning.
This was really good. Well paced and thought out. Paid attention to explaining the underlying fundamentals of math as well as the required Python programming elements. Important intuitions on how things work were useful for understanding the greater scheme of things. Also enjoyed the weekly "Heroes of Deep Learning" videos. I completed the inaugural cohort of another online deep learning course and whilst it covered a lot of great material and current research in a short time the pacing was often too fast and as a complete beginner I was a little overwhelmed; feeling like I was always missing key concepts. I also found that Andrew Ng's videos contained less about personality and hype and felt like they were on a more personal level than some kind of mass market video. I definitely feel like I've learned something useful and I look forward to the other courses in this specialisation.
This course was phenomenal!First I want to thank Professor Ng and the teaching staff as well as the Coursera team for providing such a great quality course.I had taken the Machine Learning course by professor Ng before which was a great course itself but I had still some issues with backpropagation. (it was a little bit complicated) In this course, on the other hand, the professor explains backpropagation and the math behind it in a lucid, simple way.Using python as the course's programming language was excellent. It is in my opinion what makes this specialization an absolute winner. The course's assignments and quizzes would make the concepts of the course even more clear.The interview with heroes of the deep learning section was a great idea, professional people talking about how they got where they are and advising beginners on how to thrive in this path is really helpful.
In the deep learning specialization provided on Coursera, you are taught the theory by professor Andrew Ng, who is the Co-Founder of Coursera and has headed the Google Brain Project and Baidu AI group in the past. Professor Ng teaches in a very relaxed and patient tone and the explanations are clear and well formulated. One of the major upsides I liked is that the notation used is carefully chosen and very clear. Professor Ng makes sure to reference the most important scientific papers that contributed to each idea, which is great if you want to dive a little more into details. To progress in the course, at the end of each major chapter you will have to submit a multiple-choice quiz and one or two programming assignments in python. The programming assignments require you to complete a 3/4 finished code, and the focus is on understanding the concept and not on programming.
Easy to follow. My previous knowledge of calculus enabled me to verify some of the statements on my own which gave me a deeper understanding of the limitations and opportunities in the neural networks. However the training was designed so that I believe a person with zero calculus experience would learn how to write and run the code and feel they understood a lot more about deep learning. Its incredibly rewarding to learn a skill that take you over the buzz-word level. This training gave me enough to have an intelligent discussion with industry experts, and even propose changes in algorithms that they had  not considered them selves. This is more value than I expected. Granted, I spend quite a lot of time revisiting the material presented and making my own analysis during the course, but it would never have gotten to this level without Andrew Ng. I am totally impressed!
This course is excellent!  Andrew Ng is a man on a mission.  He believes that Deep Learning will change the world, and this sequence of courses is his way of bringing Deep Learning everyone with a little background in programming and machine learning.  This first course in the sequence meets the goal of explaining both the theory and implementation of forward and backward propagation with a clarity I had not seen before.  As expected by anyone who has seen Ng’s previous course on Machine Learning, Ng’s lectures are well prepared and presented.  He has paid special attention to using the appropriate notation, a real challenge in a subject plagued with so many indices.  The practice questions give a good review of the lectures, and the programming exercises are very well done.  The $49  charge for grading is well worthwhile, even if one is not aiming for a certificate.
Finally Neural Networks & Deep Learning course explained extremely well! I can say this after completing Hinton's one and looking for a lot of articles, books and videos online - nothing is in comparison! I stand up and applaud to Andrew Ng  (and people involved) with this course. Every single detail I wanted to know is explained here in a very clear and simple way with a lot of carefully made examples and practical tasks provided for you to understand all required concepts even better!After completing this part of Deep Learning specialization i feel confident about fundamentals and core NN/DL concepts and will move further with specialization completion & into AI world!BONUS suggestion: I used space ambient music all the time on the journey throughout this course. It gave me some Star Wars feeling and made the experience so much more fun and interesting! Try it! :)
Good summary of the basics of machine learning with neural networks. This course takes you by the hand and does not rush things. If you are new to the field and/or you are not comfortable with math and programming, it will be an enlightening experience. If you find the algebra and programming parts trivial, you can always fast-forward them and still get a useful (and entertaining) bird's-eye view of how artificial neural networks work.All the algebra involved is laid out with extreme detail and the programming assignments manage to be very guided while being interesting and engaging.Andrew's previous course used Matlab/Octave but this time everything is in python, and the assignments  are done online in Jupyter notebooks. This is a great improvement both in terms of the course experience and in the skills learned (as today python is much more useful than matlab).
Excellent course! 👍  I finished the course in under 24 hours. 💪This course dives right into practical implementations after the initial theory of machine learning and neural networks. Andrew Ng's explanations of core theoretical concepts are both superb and solid. He gives a brief overview of  important concepts (such as gradient descent, forward prop, back prop, learning, etc) and then jumps into implementation. I loved the Jupyter Notebook assignments! They are great in understanding how to implement NN from scratch, going from basic to more advanced. I did feel that some people might find the math notation a bit heavy or tedious (I did); however, it is important. I would have liked to see perhaps a simpler notation first, then a more complicated one. Overall, highly recommend this course to anyone looking to get into this exciting journey of Deep Learning!
I *almost* didn't take this course as the specialization mentioned Tensorflow as designated deep learning framework for all assignments. I was more inclined towards PyTorch. My big mistake. The course has 3 programming assignments and none of them require the use of any framework. You implement everything (gradient descent, cost function, back prop etc) from scratch, using just Python & NumPy. And that's a great thing. Trust me. I would watch weekly videos and when the time came for implementation, I was forced to re-watch them multiple times to fully grok key concepts. All frameworks (Keras, PyTorch, Tensorflow) abstract and hide lots of complexities, and I believe when you are just starting to learn Deep Learning, wrestling with complexities and stitching things by hand is the correct way forward. This *has* to be everybody's first deep learning course.
It's very clearly laid out and since it's not too long (4 weeks) it feels like you accomplish a lot as you finish each week. The programming assignments are well laid out with a lot of boilerplate already programmed for you. The course also gives you some basics in how a utility library "NumPy" works which is valuable in itself. Personally I don't care about Python, but the knowledge I've gained I can apply in more modern languages like Haskell and F# without any problems.If I have any criticism it is that it's almost a little too easy to pass the course without completely understanding it. So there's some responsibility on your part to study extra on the side if you want a deeper understanding. But to be honest, I think difficulty level of this course is very reasonable, I don't have any university degree in mathematics or anything and I had no problems.
This learning course helped me to sort my previous knowledge about neural networks (NN). It is very good for beginners and intermediate students of computer science. Students (anyone taking the course) with mid-advanced knowledge of calculus can see the math behind, which can help them understand the topics more deeply. For students without this knowledge - the teacher has explained the NN topics from enough-high perspective, so the architecture is clear, but some calculations might not be 100% clear then. On the other hand for basic fun with NN, it is sufficient. I would recommend this course to everyone who is starting with NN. One more recommendation for the creators of the course: Adding one lecture on feature extraction (just high-level one) might significantly help the students to understand the complexity of the deep/machine learning problematic.
I liked the deeper dive (accidental pun) into neural networks, nice follow-up course to the Machine Learning.  I particularly like the use of Jupyter Notebook, to build up the code in logical segments. The way the notebook is structured, it helps one get a better understanding of the key concepts, and then write the code to implement. As this is the first time I have coded in Python, the provision of the coding framework allowed one to concentrate on the specific code to execute the function.  This saved a lot of time and provided a good way to learn Python (at least for my learning style).  Look forward to the next course.  Note: I wouldn't mind seeing a small exercise that illustrated the application of neural networks to a non-classification problem. Based on a comment in the lecture, I assume this is possible using the reLU activation function.
This is my first time doing an online course, and to be honest, I was skeptical about it. Turns out to have been great, I loved the fact that Professor Andrew Ng explains all the math (calculus and linear algebra) and theory behind neural networks and deep learning. There are plenty of "practitioners" out there that don't know the math, they just use some existing framework, give it some data and parameters and get the result. I'm so glad to have learned all the theory, it felt like getting back to a University course after finishing my masters degree 14 years ago! The programming assignments are also excellent, I love the guiding instructions and the interactivity, where I can try out things and see the results immediately.Thank you so much for this course Professor Andrew! I will now go to the second course of the Deep Learning specialization!
One of the best fundamental courses i've been to. Outstanding material quality from Professor Andrew Ng. A small suggestion would be - they could consider a pictorial representation of the matrices involved with the dimensions of W, b, etc. when they marry it across respective Layers and Units per layer. It is cool that the professor derives the formula at each step but a small X x Y matrix alongside generally makes it easier to understand. Lastly - the programming exercises get a little predictable once you understand the flow. All the hard work is done by the folks that have prepared the exercise itself; we are just about keying IN the function names and right parameters sometimes. While I understand that this is best for the wider population, maybe there can be a variant where people are asked to write some of the functions themselves.
I feel really torn between giving this course a full five star rating or a 4 star, and the only reason is that the second to last project seemed to report back that L_backward or something like that worked perfectly, and yet when I submitted the notebook, that one came out missing credit.If that was unintentional, then it would seem to be a flaw, and that's what bothers me. If it was intended that we would be fooled into thinking everything was OK by the results or by what the function returned and if it was intended that we would do more to track down any possible errors, then I would rather give the course all five stars. Not knowing this, I would rather give 4 1/2, but we're not apparently allowed to do that. So my four point score was more to help inform of the problem than to dock the course a point as the course really is superb.Dan
I dropped out of college because I thought math was too hard. Eventually landed in analytics due to a weird series of events. Now, I'm taking up deep learning and I have not only learned neural networks, I actually started _loving_ the math behind it all. My favorite part is how Andrew Ng always emphasizes that this is an empirical (read: trial and error) process, and that it's not as sexy nor as scary as most people make it out to be. The course itself is well-paced and the resources are perfect. As a Python dev on the side, there can be better ways to do some things BUT I totally feel that the current style is perfect even for non-programmers (who I think are at the most disadvantage here, since the math as I said before is covered very well). Highly recommended and totally looking forward to the next courses in this specialization!
I really liked the course, it was difficult at first, I felt like I was just "translating" the functions to code in the programming exams (I don't have a strong background in math), so I felt like I didn't understand anything, but at the end (around week 3-4) I started to feel like I was really internalizing the concepts. I can't wait to start the next course, I enjoyed it a lot :). Oh and about the grading system, in the multiple choice exams, it was really easy to just put the correct answers when wrong, I felt like I was cheating when I got a 80% and then just re-did the exam and got a 100%. I get that you have to understand the concepts to pass the exams but anyway I think that just changing the order of the options is not enough (maybe I'm being too strict?). Anyway, as I said before, I liked it and learned a lot, thank you! :)
This class made a good use of learning but also some tradeoffs of not diving too deep (yet) into some machine learning concepts.  I am also taking, and have almost completed the class "Machine Learning", which uses Octave. For me, that class could be a recommended pre-requisite to this one because there was some overlap but the "Machine Learning" class dives deeper into some of the concepts and helped me understand more in this class.  Lastly, Andrew Ng, if you are reading this, you are doing a great job of being the Coursera co-founder and teaching all of these classes. I don't know how you do it. Thank you for all of your and your staff's hard work. Please keep it up.  I'm a web developer, and for the coming AI revolution, courses like this should be required learning for people in the software field in my opinion.  Thank you.
Really great crash course into the low-level mechanics of deep learning. While not too math-heavy, presents the visual/mathematical intuitions for what gradient descent is doing and why it is so powerful. Simultaneously demystifies what at first blush can seem like an intractably difficult field to break into. Professor was A+ clear, articulate, and easy to follow. Interviews were hit-or-miss but the "hits" certainly helped get you thinking about the state of the field and the future possibilities. I definitely feel as if I now have the lexicon to intelligently read articles about "deep learning" and "neural networks" and at least know what's going on under the hood. Looking forward to the next course in the series where we advance from more "low level" functionality to more high level implementations like tensorflow & keras.
Mr. Ng is great as usual, so it's still 5 stars. However, I was tempted to bump off a star when comparing it to mr. Ng's Machine Learning course. This course is less systematic, and sometimes it feels like it's skipping forward too fast, especially when it goes through all of those backpropagation formulae. Also, it feels like the material is not completely finished: the useful written recaps in between videos are gone, and in-video tests are there up to a certain point, and then disappear. Finally, the English transcript contains so many errors, it's nearly useless.On a positive note, the Python exercises with Jupyter are even better than the Octave exercises in the Machine Learning course, which were already excellent.That being said, this is another great course. My advice: take Machine Learning before you take this one.
Dr Andrew Ng has ensured that the learner is on the same page with him on every frame of the video - that's quite a huge commitment  from him throughout the course! His sequencing of the learning content in video and programming exercises has been so meticulously planned that the learner always feels at home, as if attending the class in person. He has picked up and explained some of the latest approaches from the very recently published papers. His practical advice on optimization of algorithms, shows that he is not only an academic par excellence but also one of the most insightful deep learning practitioner.  Thank you prof, you have given a new direction for me to dedicate myself to and the entire credit goes to you!  My best wishes to you and your team in all your pursuits at deeplearning.ai, landing.ai, drive.ai and.
Great introduction to Neural Networks. Starts off with explaining the fundamentals and model of Logistic Regression and goes on to expand the model to shallow NN's and deep NN's. Since every step in between was explained in detail, it was easy to follow and left no questions open. If you've done the Machine Learning course before, some of the content will feel a bit repetitive. But that's the good thing about online courses: you can just skip forward if you already know something. Using Jupyter Notebook for the programming assignments is, in my opinion, a major step up from the Octave/Matlab format, and I've really enjoyed it. The only slight criticism: The exercises felt, at time, almost too easy. Not sure if that's actually a criticism or rather a compliment to how well the content was explained throughout the course...
This course is about the neural network, including a basic understanding of deep learning, logistic regression (no hidden layer), neural network (one hidden layer), deep neural network (several hidden layers).Compared with Machine Learning courses delivered by Andrew NG, this course focus on neural network. So we can get more knowledge and understanding about the neural network.We can understand almost all of the information taught here. For every hard part, Andrew presented a great way to help understand. The coding part is fascinating. It is separated, so everytime we could focus on one part. And we don't need to master python too much. Because I think we were given all of the instructions we need. It is not easy, because we need to understand the algorithms when we deal with the assignments.It is a great course.
I am in Week 4 at the moment. This course demonstrates the complex concepts underlying deep neural networks in a fabulous way. It starts simple with concepts you should be familiar with if you took the Machine Learning course by Prof. Andrew Ng, then expands on these concepts to explain the more complex concepts of forward and backward propagation in neural networks.The assignments are exciting. You get to learn how to use Python and Numpy to build neural networks and optimization algorithms from scratch. However, in my personal opinion, the starter code makes it extremely easy to complete the assignment without doing any kind of research or effort, which in turn, minimizes the amount of learning you gain.All in all, it is a great course, which through simple concepts, explains the complex world of deep learning.
This course is second to none. Nevertheless, I feel that too many implementation details are given in the course videos which could have been replaced by strong mathematical analysis of the algorithms. Furthermore, the tests were very easy for an experienced programmer regardless of his/her expertise. This is partially because way too many hints were embedded in the Jupyter notebooks than what is necessary. A more stricter programming exercise, not in terms of the neural-network complexity, but in terms of hiding-hints would have made this course stellar. To recapitulate, while the course is exceptionally crafted, I felt that stating my opinion would leave room for improvement. More concretely, in machine learning jargon, we must not be content with a local maxima thinking that it is a global maxima. Cheers!
A very well structured introduction to the basic algorithms of multi-layered (deep) neural networks.  I have not studied calculus, but the careful way Andrew Ng's videos help develop intuitions about the algorithms and the way he introduces notation made it possible for me to get a lot from the course. I've never programmed in python before and it was illuminating to see why its so popular in data science given the power of its math libraries.  I wish I'd had as sympathetic a maths teacher as Andrew Ng when I struggled with it as a callow schoolboy.  My background is that of an experimental psychologist and I was relieved to find that in the section "what has this all to do with the brain", that Andrew Ng gave a superb explanation that counters the hype so often found around this kind of AI.  Great course.
Excellent course to get started with Neural Nets. Also the first week is kind of an intro - so its basically 3 weeks. Tip: If you are kind of clueless with Python ( as I am) you may struggle a little bit when it comes to deciding when to use vectorized solutions or not, loops and indices in arrays and all of that stuff. But don't be intimidated, my advice is the following: Go back to the lecture videos and rewatch them until you make sure you understand 200% what the exercises are asking for. Then implementation becomes easier as you at least have only the coding part left to figure out..... and that actually is on the easier side in this course. Also do some basic wikipedia level reading on matrix multiplication - you'll need that for sure if you dont know linear algebrahave fun you....data scientist ;)
I bounced back between whether I should give this class 4 or 5 stars. On the one hand, you don't do a lot of coding. Initially, I thought this was odd given that the  subject matter is so programming dependent. Most of the assignments are on rails, so to speak, with test cases after each function. I began the course wondering just how applicable the content of the course would be. But what you realize halfway through the course is that this is a highly complex subject and that the point of the course isn't mastery but instead familiarity. Now, having just completed the final assignment, the world of neural networks is completely blown open and it's very exciting. I highly recommend the course. It is like the karate of AI. Just do the kata and by the end you will unlock mystical neural networking powers.
Having the passed the same course back in school, I found this one much easier to understand. I think Andrew NG is a brilliant teacher and thoroughly prepared. I wish my professor would have thought this course like this. Having said all that, I work as a software engineer and OOP is a must for me and I find it hard to follow how the programs were structured in the assignments. At the same time, I understand that this is a ML course and not a software design course. But I wish, at least, the assignment would have tried to develop the code from top to bottom (grand to detail) and not the other way around. In the current implementation, it is impossible to for to see the picture as a whole and I would just settle to implement what is asked of me instead of actually trying to understand what's going on.
I audited a similar course by Andrew Ng a couple of years prior to taking this course for credit. Both times, the course was very enlightening and was apparent that the course master and the mentors spend a lot of time discussing the content, making sure that the content can be (re)implemented, and refining the lectures. The "heroes" interviews where also interesting. I hope that they can somehow assemble a course on reinforcement learning. My current experience is that I have read several books and also read published papers on machine learning and worked with tensorflow for a while. Thus, I feel as though this was a wonderfully presented practical guide to building a DNN model that can eventually be tuned with greater flexibility than can some of the machine learning modules available.
Andrew does a great job of utilizing the online format to present complex material in a very logical, understandable sequence.  Many MOOC classes I've taken will discuss concepts without introducing them properly.  This course is very methodical and the concepts build on one another in an easy to follow pattern.  I also appreciate building an understanding of the underlying concepts of Neural Networks before jumping into the frameworks like TensorFlow.  I think it gives me a better understanding of what is going on behind the magic curtain.  Finally, the coding exercises are the perfect blend of enhancing my understanding of the important concepts without getting bogged down in the intricacies of Python coding.  It also gives me a good starter set of code for working on my own problems.
Great course! Although it sometimes seemed that the same material could be passed in more intensive manner. However, I have actually enjoyed the detailed descriptions and the exercises. Overall, I am very satisfied with the theoretical material, with exercises and with teacher who is very inspiring. I think it might be great if in the end of each week you would provide a summing up doc of this particular week. This may help a lot when you split studies: it can help refresh the memories of what you have learned the other day, and also help towards the quiz and the exercise. Additional thanks for the exercises, with all the descriptions, schemes and test cases! I've taken few programming courses earlier, and they are not even close to the studying platform you provide. Thanks a lot.
This course is extremely helpful for beginners as well as people with experience. The course goes through a proper structure where first Andrew explains each concepts in detail in his lecture videos and each video covers 1 specific topic allowing you to process the material. This is extremely important if you're new to deep learning. Then there are practice questions to test your knowledge of the material covered in the lectures. Then you get programming assignments to actually implement what you have learned and not to mention for people with little python and calculus knowledge he even has some videos explaining basic python and derivative concepts related to neural networks and enough for completing the programming assignments. This course has been a wonderful refresher for me.
Very good
course for beginners in neural network. Every step is well explained and you
build your own neural network python’s solver in the exercises. “Vectorization”
and “backward propagation” will be demystified and clearly explained.For people
with a good level in math, the pace is certainly too slow and you’ll feel that
the math is too easy, so may be another course is more suited. But at least, you’ll
see all the details, vocabulary and construction steps of a multi-layer neural
network in this course.You are very
guided through the exercises but I think there is no interest in less guidance
since the goal is to understand the steps and architecture of a neural network
code.I will
certainly follow the next course in the series to get more advanced knowledge
in this field.
A great introduction to deep learning. This course explores topics like binary classification, logistic regression, gradient descent, linear algebra in the context of neural networks, forward and backward propagation, computing cost/loss functions, the function/definition of parameters and hyperparameters in deep learning, coding classifiers in python using shallow and deep neural networks, general industry trends, and what misconceptions about deep learning exist in the media today. +Python, Jupyter Notebooks, NumPy (and other packages)I highly recommend this course, and it is do-able even for those without much coding or math experience. Thanks to the the team at deeplearning.ai for developing this course! I am looking forward to the following courses in this specialization!
I am really grateful to the instructor for explaining a difficult topic in a lucid way.  Every small detail was clearly explained. The steps of forward propagation and backward propagation is crystal clear to me. Moreover, there is absolutely no confusion about the dimensions of the parameters.  The process of vectorization in python has made the whole thought of writing the code very much easier.  The quizzes were very attractive to me because the questions were related to every single video. Being a novice in python, I still could solve the programming assignments as they were sequentially instructed. Altogether, the course was extremely beneficial for me. I am looking forward to apply this in my research work. Thank you very much Andrew sir for clearing many of my doubts.
A very well compiled course indeed. It has the signature style of teaching of Prof Andrew Ng where he dives into the concepts thoroughly without any compromise and bolster them through the coding exercise following it. The course focuses on the basic building blocks of neural network by taking away some of the burden of basic python syntax which is already pre-built and provided to you. That said such pre-built code is limited so i never felt that something major is left out. The programs are also built using smaller functions as building blocks. Some of the sections especially the week 4 exercise was a little longer and tougher but after spending some time to look at it for the second time helped understand it. Overall i have 5 stars with 2 thumbs up for this course.
Neural Networks and Deep Learning was a first ever course which I studied online, and after studying this course, It made my enough interest that  want to take other courses as well.  The thing which I liked most about this course was that it was beautifully structured. Andrew Ng explained the things in a way that I thought these concepts cannot be better explained. During lectures, Andrew Ng shared his experiences about writing python codes efficiently which helped me to complete the programming assignments in time. Most enjoyable part of this part was doing the programming assignments because every step was explained (what are we going to do and what we will achieve) and expected results were also shown to confirm our results before submitting the assignments.
Great introduction to Deep Learning for those with no experience in the field.  Guides you step by step through the exercises.  If you've taken Andrew Ng's Machine Learning class, this course is mostly review with a few updates on Deep Learning notation and slightly more advanced vectorization for neural networks.  The use of Python is nice, although Python doesn't come with vector manipulation built in like Matlab does.  This leads to slightly more cryptic errors, but if you've used Python before, this shouldn't be problematic.  In particular, the use of Jupyter notebooks makes for a clean interface, but debugging in the notebooks is more difficult compared to Matlab or Spyder.  Overall an easy course to get you working in the Python Deep Learning environment.
Nicely eases someone with modest numerical Python experience into neural nets. Test-driven Jupyter notebooks (with the test data and tests themselves provided) made the programming exercises pretty easy, almost trivial. But that's how it should be--this course was really to introduce the concepts behind deep learning, and enough implementation so that students have an idea of how the tools they'll use work behind the scenes. Most of us will grab Keras-on-TF or something analogous and never mind the details, but this course nicely forces one to internalize at least some of how the sausage gets made. Andrew Ng is also a great lecturer, and his use of the presentation tools were masterful. The interviews with Names to Know were icing on the cake. No regrets!
This was a great introduction of computing neuronal networks. As I came from the programmers site and my active math experience lies years behind it was a challenge to recap all the math behind the ML algorithms for me. But this is perhaps the major strength of this course to really make ist understandable. Honor for Prof. Ng his didactical concept. Also keeping track about the vectorized representation of the formulas together with careful elaboration of dimensionality following the forward and backward propagation chain helps to make the coding of the NN algorithm easy to handle. Think otherwise I would have wasted my energy in managing all the matrice and vector operations. Never thought that it is so easy to implement your own neuronal network class.
Good coverage of the basics of neural networks with hands-on exercises using numpy.  The notation is a little surprising -- most of the time we math people talk about dy/dx as being the derivative of y with respect to x.  That is, when I wiggle x a little, what happens to y? The notation in this course assumes that everything is a derivative of the cost function with respect so something else, so the notation only includes the "something else".  For example dW is the derivative of the cost function with respect the weights in the matrix W.If you are not careful, it is easy to lose track of what dZ means.If you are pretty comfortable with vector calculus, it moves pretty slowly at times.  If your calculus is rusty, I think the speed is probably perfect.
While I'm good at perl, I wanted to learn python, and as I'm a learn-by-doing kind of person, I thought an ML course in Python would be a good place to start. I was surprised that "Deep Learning" was a bunch of the neural network techniques I'd played with in the past, and was a bit apprehensive about the amount of calculus that would be required. This class breaks down the ML concepts quite simply, and helps you understand how to actually build and apply logistic regression, and then use that as a building block to deeper neural networks. They also give you an intuitive understanding of the mechanism and underlying math, without requiring endless pages of derivations. I recommend this course to anyone looking to get a solid overview of ML techniques.
This was my first foray into the field of deep learning. Dr. Andrew is an amazing instructor his humble demeanor made learning really enjoyable. I really like where he went into derivatives and did it step-by-step making me understand the math behind the scenes. The programming assignments were super easy only difficulty was my lack of practice with python. If I would have to improve on this course. I would say add articles for further readings with a short quiz after it related to the article. I would also like to take this opportunity to thank the coursera team who accepted my application for financial aid without which I would have never earned this certificate. Thank you for allowing me to learn something new and for making it easy and enjoyable.
The course enables us to develop a deep neural network without getting too much into mathematics and technicalities. The programming assignment provides us with hands-on experience on development of neural network. There is still a lot to learn. But as advertised the course provides us with a thorough but succinct overview about neural networks. A special thumbs up to the instructor Andrew Ng and his team for creating a understandable course on DL. I can say confidently that I'll be able to develop a neural network for binary classification problem. Disclaimer: the above is my opinion alone and it can vary from learner to learner. This course also requires a basic knowledge of python and its numpy library and high school matrix algebra and calculus.
Fantastic as always.  I do wish it had a lot more math but I understand the challenge delivering that to a larger audience.  My favourite aspect of Andrew Ng's classes is actually the absolute response by the grader system.I learn very effectively in environments where I receive complete feedback on my problem submissions.  Allowing me to correct my understanding of the material and retry.  Contrast this with the PGM course where total scores are not returned and there are a limited number of submissions.  I felt that my learning was stunted in that environment as there was no opportunity for me to correct my understanding of the material myself and have it re-scored.Hopefully we'll see more math heavy classes in the future that retain this style :)
Finally, I had to sit down at a stretch and finish the course at a go! I think it was completely worth it and I thank coursera team for providing me financial aid to take this course. I am very grateful to have got this opportunity to learn from this excellent course. Will definitely complete all courses within the deep learning specialisation by a little at-a-stretch effort and i am sure it'll give a sweet boost to my understanding. The course material, Professor Andrew's way of explaining and the assignments are all incredible and i really enjoyed the modules for implementing back-prop the from-the-scratch way! Personally, I also feel the best way to take these courses is at a stretch which completely connects the dots for me. Thank you team :)
The programming assignments give you the hands-on experience you need to feel comfortable coding your own ANNs from scratch.  Andrew's lectures are well-paced, easy to follow, and enjoyable.Room for improvement:The Jupyter notebooks, although convenient for the Python programming assignments, are unreliable. I spent 25 % of my time re-writing code because the notebooks wouldn't save, and I had to reload certain assignments multiple times, often at different times throughout the day. If you have made progress and the page doesn't save, then leave the tab open and copy-past your code into a new instance. Nonetheless, I can't fault the Instructors for the lack of fidelity in the intercommunication between Coursera's platform and Jupyter's notebooks.
It was a great course, very well organized but after doing the programming assignments, I feel that I might not have fully grasped the concepts in lectures. The descriptions in the assignments were great and helpful, but I feel that the pace of the course was too quick, too easy. I feel that I must be missing out on something. Maybe it's because the teacher has done a very good job in explaining hard to understand concepts to the degree that they seem too easy to understand. Since this is only an introductory course in the series, it is understandable that it is supposed to be easier. Don't get me wrong, this course has very much substantial contents to it! Nonetheless, it was a great foundation course for the specialization! Thank you teacher!
If you took Andrew Ng's original Machine Learning Coursera course in 2012 (as I did), you expect nothing less than an excellent course. Unlike Neural Network or Machine Learning courses at other learning sites, this one is far superior. If you are to ever going to fundamentally understand what is going on inside all those convenient Machine Learning and Neural Network software libraries and frameworks (versus just blindly using them), or perhaps build your own libraries; then you need this course. And, indeed, it is important to understand because not understanding removes all intuition as well as removes knowledge of boundary and limiting cases that you may encounter, which will make things harder for you. I highly recommend this course.
I'm LOVING these classes!! The instructor, Andrew, is excellent, and the material is presented in a logical progression so that it's not too overwhelming. It definitely helps to have some background in math, namely Calculus and Linear Algebra. The programming assignments can be a bit tough if you don't truly understanding which Linear Algebra methods to use, i.e. dot product multiplication vs element-wise multiplication, but usually the instructions are good. However, I found myself having to look up a lot of Python and Linear Algebra basics online (Stack Overflow is your friend in this case.)Definitely a challenging set of courses in the Deep Learning Specialization, but very well presented, and extremely interesting (at least to me.)
THE best intro to deep learning course out there! I would recommend it 10/10. You get to develop neural networks from scratch, using just Numpy... no TensorFlow or sci-kit learn. It might take time to think about the code structure and dimensions of matrices of various parameters, but in the end, it only helps in developing a better understanding of how NNs work beneath the TensorFlow/PyTorch  (or any other high-level ML library out there) models in practice. Although the meat of NNs, i.e. calculus, is not really required to complete the course (they provide you with all derivatives required), I'd suggest trying working it all out on paper/iPad/tablet by hand. It's as important as coding itself if you wanna delve further in the field.
This course allows you to quickly catch up to the fundamentals of building multi-layer NN models, by viewing it as stacks and layers of logistic regression units. You will sail through this course if you already know logistic regression. Even though nowadays most people don't even need to understand how the calculus actually works beyond a basic intuition, the calculus required for back propagation are well explained; detailed yet presented well for people with high school calculus to understand. The exercises are very simple with an objective not to test your ability to write code, but your understanding of how the steps are put together. The answers are practically given to you, you just have to put them together in the right way.
This course is phenomenal. Even as someone who's spent almost a year working as a deep learning engineer, there were still many lectures I found incredibly useful. I believe the matrix dimension lecture will permanently change the way I structure the code for my neural networks in the future. If I had one criticism it'd be that it could perhaps get progressively harder. I love the ultimate task (of a logistic classifier), but as we go from week to week, I think there could have been less hints. Even by the end of the course, I felt like I was being spoon fed through the programming assignments. This is a problem, because I'm less confident than I would have been if I'd figured out the Lmodel forward propagation (for example) myself.
Learning from Prof. Andrew Ng (Stanford University, founder of Coursera, an eminent researcher in the field of Machine, Deep Learning & AI & founder of so many lead companies in AI) indeed Blessing.

Such a composed course you get a chance to learn the underlying concepts of AI, Machine & Deep Learning, and implement real-world problems to get intuition and exposure. The design of course content and relevant assignments develop your concepts deeper and intuitive.

One of the prominent features of this course was listening to Heroes of Machine, Deep Learning & AI; Prof. Geoffrey Hinton, Prof. Pieter Abbeel & Prof. Ian Goodfellow really give you motivation and intuition about latest happenings and future directions these fields.
This is an amazing course. As someone who is a beginner in neural networks and AI in general, I really enjoyed this course. The main plus of this course is that it offers straightforward hands-on programming exercises in Python with very clear instructions and meaningful sub-exercise. The fact that the course is implemented in Python is a huge plus, even for beginners in Python programming. This course enables you to experiment with your own data, after you have learned how to build a deep neural network. Indeed, I did not expect to build confidence that quickly and have own ideas about deep learning projects, after this course. This was a pleasant surprise and I will definitely continue going through the whole specialization.
Well, the concepts were crystal clear. To be honest, I got them theoretically but when i began coding, I could see that I could not connect few pieces here and there as there was the template given and I just had to fill in the blanks with whatever is given at the beginning of the module. I would suggest to let the learners code few functions from scratch, so that we could know what parameters to input, and what to return in the end. Also I think suggesting learners to visit documentations of few important modules like numpy, pandas, matplotlib etc. and instruct the learners to import them by themselves than importing them straight away at the beginning. Hope this would inculcate the developer culture and practice to beginners
This is a great introductory course to deep learning and neural networks in general. The lectures are brilliant and so are the assignments. Best experience I've had with an online course. This one actually makes you want to complete it. I had some Python experience and a very foggy idea of how neural networks work after watching some youtube videos, however this course gives some really nice foundation for future development in the area. The assignments are easy to follow and give you code to use with things to fill in based on your understanding. This is a good way to get you started, I can now use those ideas to play around with a personal project and learn more. Looking forward to the rest of the courses in the series.
After Prof. Ng's Machine Learning Course, this new course appears at our Coursera's dashboard. I, again, enjoyed listening to Andrew's lectures. My personal recommendation is to first tackle Stanford's ML course and then this one. However, if you can only pick one and you are doubting between Stanford's Machine Learning Course and this one, pick this one, since it covers neural networks with way more detail than the original one. However, take into account that other machine learning related topics do not appear here such as dimensionality reduction techniques like PCA. Amazing treasure to the Deep Learning beginners out there. Thank you Prof. Ng and every one else who made this possible (The whole deeplearning.ai team).
Definitely one of the best online classes I've taken. Even having studied this material a little bit before hand, I learned a lot--mainly in ways of building an intuition of why certain functions are chosen, or work the way they do. In this respect, I think there are few better at getting to the core of teaching: simple is better.I appreciate that the course is designed to widen the reach of deep learning, but for those perhaps either more mathematically inclined or just extra curious, I highly recommend Lazy Programmer's Data Science: Deep Learning in Python class on Udemy for only $10. Gives a little more mathematical rigor...and hey extra practice in coding up a basic NN all in one script doesn't hurt. Thumbs up Ng!
Excellent course for beginners who are ready to put in extra effort to understand the material. By extra effort I mean repeatedly viewing the lecture videos and persisting with the programming assignment until the techniques are clear. That said, I am personally slightly disappointed with this course. Having completed Andrew Ng's original 2012 Machine learning course, I don't think there is anything new here for users like me. However it served as a good refresher. The other complaint I have is that the programming assignments are too simple. It's basically paint by numbers. If you really want to understand the material, you should write the programs from scratch and use any of the data sets available on the internet.
What a marvellous roller coster ride it was! Thank you so much Andrew Sir and the entire team for putting up these efforts to provide such high quality material accessible to everyone! Cheers to all of you! I wish one day I would be able to share my knowledge like this! I wish!One thing that I would like to add/suggest that, please provide some reference links, book recommendations and other useful information in the end of the program for anyone who wants to do some more research on the roots of the algorithms. Doing this, it will continue the learning path for the student and would keep the fire burning in him/her. Please let me know if you have any questions regarding this review.Thank you once again. :)You rock!
Amazing!! I've took part of the Udacity Deep Learning Nanodegree, but the math there was just not enough to my taste, here the thing is different, I love all the notation and the math behind. Also there are more focus in build the model step-by-step. As recommendation, I would like to include an activity to sketch the functions of the deep learning layers. For example, if I would like to build from scratch a deep learning model, what will be the functions I will need (in the assignments I could deduce them, but I would have like to have an activity related to this). Also I would like to have a little more focus in visualizing a small neural network, and write the values from the matrix to the visual representation.
Excellent course by Andrew and team. I am a big fan of andrew teaching style (since I took his ML course), no fancy screens just basic slides with great contents and explanation. My personal fav part in this course is programming assignment, this part is made very thoughtfully I think there are always some clue in the instructions and comments which one can pick to develop code to solve assignments.For anyone planning to take this course I would suggest to refresh maths mainly topics like calculus, Linear algrbra,  though Andrew explains required maths with a great ease. but still good to have maths background.  I am excited and looking forward to explore upcoming courses in deep learning series.     All the best!
As Business Executive I was rather skeptic and a little worried starting this adventure "in deep" as I have not programmed for many years, but still have some notions of linear algebra for luck.  My personal objective is to understand AI deep networks to propagate it inside my Firm and especially to improve quality of living, freedom, sustainability in society. I think I got the right direction!I have been very impressed by Andrew's approach and style that make you comfortable learning these not simple matters. I wish I could have time to continue the Deep learning Specialization. Thank you very much to Andrew , to the whole Faculty Team and to the  brilliant colleagues attending this wonderful course. Cheers:)
Mr Andrew will make you climb the mountain while holding your hand.There were sections in which I found the subject getting a better of me, but at the end of those videos he would come up and say "Don't worry if you didn't get full sense of what's going on" or "This is one of the hardest mathematical portion in machine learning" or "Even after all these years i am sometimes not confident of my approach but the model works magically". In the confusing sections, he almost writes down the code for you to copy-paste. He had pre-written most of the codes for us, but make us feel that we are the ones writing it, because the ultimate aim is to learn things and be confident enough to replicate the learned skills later.
First of all, thanks for offering the course on the platform. Before starting the course I had a good knowledge of machine learning and have been thinking about exploring the field of Neural Networks and Deep Learning. I could not do it in my college but the course provided me the opportunity. The course material is very concise. Professor Andrew Ng presented very complex concepts in very easy language. The Programming Assignments are very helpful. They test and enhance both your Python Programming Skills and python code Implementation skills. While doing the Programming Assignments I was not only learning the concepts but also enjoying them. The entire course as well as the assignments are very much engaging.
After taking this course, I have no doubt that Andrew is one of the best instructors in deep learning! He made you feel everyone could learn deep learning and do well. The quizzes examine your understanding of the concepts with many details, and the programming assignments are very well designed - one is built on the other with an increased level of difficulties. However, they never overwhelm you if you have the patience and believe you can master them eventually.  The interviews with masters in machine learning also make this course even more exciting. Highly recommended to everyone who wants to start your journey in deep learning! Excited to start the next course in this specialization! Thank you, Coursera!
Andrew, Take these comments as a token of my gratitude to you. From the perspective of clearing concepts, this is the best course on machine learning. I wish I would have done this course 10 year back.  I have explained the concepts understood from this course to my 13 year old son and he now has an intuition of what machine learning is all about. Recently, lot of professionals have understood the concepts from your course and they all owe to you. Keep up the good work. I hope machine learning or technology proves to be helpful to human kind and governments of developing and underdeveloped countries also use them for better governance instead of being used by billionaires to get more rich. Thanks once again.
Andrew you did it again! This is the best intro theory and implementation course on Neural Networks out there. It combines enough theory (optional Calculus/Linear Algebra) and full implementation. The discussion groups are great for hints when you get stuck. Thank you to all the assistants and TA's who put in so much time to this course!Now, for anyone who is debating taking this, having a calculus and linear algebra background will definitely help you in this course for the theory, but it's not a necessity at all. Some prior Python experience is needed as you will need to understand how functions are being called, but that wouldn't take a lot of time to get caught up on, but would require additional effort.
Fantastic course! As someone who has done several online tutorials that use frameworks like TensorFlow or Keras, even having implemented things like deep reinforcement learning agents and image classifiers with these frameworks, I've never really gone through any formal training on much of the lower-level concepts/mathematics of deep networks.  But this course cemented a lot of the fundamentals about deep learning into my brain that I was missing before, organizing topics in a clear and concise sequence of videos/lessons that really helped me keep things organized in my own head.  Doing the exercises in a "manual", framework-less way using just standard Numpy was an awesome and enlightening experience too!
One of the best Deep Learning courses (probably 'THE' best) around. Been a fan of Andrew Ng's sessions after I took his Machine Learning course in Coursera. The course is perfectly designed such that its complexity increases gradually every week. The instructor makes sure that the participants follow completely. Some points about the course -1) Assignments are made too easy (too much hand-holding). But maybe the others who are new to programming might appreciate it better.2) Andrew laboriously reiterated the points that required understanding. Sometimes, I felt the course topic to be highly repeatative but later after completing the assignments, I felt it was required to be so and it was totally worth it!
As a beginner who is interested in Deep Learning, this course was very useful an informative. The explanations given by Prof. Andrew were to the point and precise. However, detailed explanations behind the mathematics(calculus) could've been given as optional videos. The quizzes and the programming exercises were also very challenging at a beginner level. They quizzed us not only on the equations but also on the concepts. The only drawback in this course that I faced was trying to submit my programming assignment through Jupyter notebooks. They can very annoying at times. Also, the discussion forms were very active with the mentors and fellow student who would quickly help by replying to your questions.
This course is a very thorough introductory review of neural networks that doesn't require expert level knowledge in some of the underlying math like calculus, but nevertheless manages not to talk down to you. In fact, the straightforward way the material is presented inspired me to learn calculus on my own to back up the material. Regardless, it gives you (almost) everything you need to start coding neural networks on your own. Where I did have some trouble it was owing more to lack of experience with Python and the Jupyter environment. I also would have liked a little more visibility into the data we were inputting, although I think that may be covered more in classes further on in the specialization.
Hi to all team who had put their Mount Everest's height like efforts for making this a fab course and self explained assignments.And special thanks and love for my dear Andrew sir for teaching too smoothly and always relaxing their students by saying "If you don't get it,don't worry, we will see it after sometime".One more Special credit and mention for team who built these amazing self explained and too easy to understand python notebooks so that even a kindergarten student can get this and one only needs to pay attention on making skills and not on other things like how to fetch data,and how many and which libraries to be added etc.Thanks and kudos to all team and loads of respect to DEAR ANDREW SIR.
I found this course absolutely excellent. The structure and approach are absolutely great, and I am very happy that you force students to understand the mathematical underpinnings of backpropagation instead of letting a DL framework do the heavy lifting for you. Engineers need to understand what they do deep down. My only improvement suggestion would be to provide a more detailed explanation of why we do the matrix multiplication & transpose in the computation of dW and of dA[l-1].  It turns out that in the case of dA[l-1] the explanation  goes to the heart of reverse-mode differentiation and how to avoid combinatorial explosion. Cfr's Colah's blog excellent paper on backpropagation for details.
I liked this course very much. I have done coding and trained models in Pytorch and didn't have strong grasp in the math's part i.e Gradient and derivates that is the why i have taken this course at the first place. Though the course doesn't contain everything but it has given me enough knowlegde to start with deep-learning.The quiz and programmning excersice are really good. I have to think enough at some part and have done mistakes many times but got my concepts cleared. And thanks to coursera team for approving my financical aid.And though review may be good or bad depending on the person but i have learnt what i want to learn and it is good enough rahter than youtube or online material.
Absolutely Fantastic. I thought the programming assignments were a little too easy, but that's probably because I am familiar with python programming. I must say that the structure of the code really helped me focus on the core algorithms and vectorization (using numpy methods), so, in retrospect, it is probably a good way to make the student focus on the core concepts. I wish, however, there were some (more) optional lectures on the math and some more detailed derivations and some "optional" practice problems on doing partial derivatives etc., just to cement some important concepts such as back propagation. Highly recommend this to students wanting to learn the basics of neural networks.
Awesome course. I have fairly little previous math experience though I have been working on some calculus and LA immediately before/while taking this, and all the topics were easy enough to understand how they are supposed to work. Much recommend.One small thing I think could have helped a bit is the practical examples do a little bit too much hand holding. It makes it a little hard to know if you are actually grasping the knowledge or just able to tell what to do based on what information has already been made available from the templates and such. Had to step outside of this and try to do some of it on my own to see which pieces weren't fully making sense. But still, awesome course!
Great, just like the first Intro to Machine Learning course Professor Ng distributed. Same style with improvements made in course design. For example, notation is much more consistent this time around probably because it is a more focused course unlike the first one. I would say taking Intro to ML first would help as it is a perfect primer for this course. Also, I'm glad they've decided to use Python which is just much more general purpose than MatLab. I would also say a solid grasp of the language is needed as a lot of boiler-plate code is provided and understanding it could be difficult if not otherwise comfortable with Python. Looking forward to continuing the full specialization.
Amazing course! The creators are very good teachers. Materials have the right mixture of motivation, real world examples, theory and practice. I also like Andrews presentation style - one can really feel that he truly cares about the students being given good information and getting encouraged to learn. The assignments were also very well made - everything works, the code is good and there is so much help in the context/comments (eg. someone could even finish the labs without understanding the subject) - but this basically allows each student to choose how much effort he/she wants to put into the subject (also meaning how much knowledge she/he wants to absorb during this course...)
I found this course very helpful in furthering my understanding and clearing a few doubts that I had from the Machine Learning course. I seem to understand back propagation much better now.This course also helped me give a structure to the steps involved in actually building a Neural Network... gives me more confidence.My only issue was with the programming exercises. I felt they were very tightly structured, maybe because of the automated grading system. It was almost impossible to go wrong. More flexible and open exercises, I think, will help in learning the real intricacies of building a NN from scratch. Don't really know enough to comment on how this change can be incorporated
The course is well structured and the programming exercises are so detailed, I am going to refer to them in future while implementing neural networks. The best part about the course is, Andrew Ng actually taught the math behind the network. Rather than taking his students through a library function for neural networks in python, he taught his students how to code from scratch while also covering nuances such as suitable activation functions for different cases and ideal values for weights. The documentation for programming exercises is very detailed and must have taken plenty of time for those who worked on it. Recommend it for anyone wanting to start. Kudos to the instructors!
The programming assignments (things which the student had to fill in) seemed repetitive and very limited (e.g. mostly needed only mathematical formulas to be filled in using numpy). However, to keep the grading similar and also cater for less advanced users simultaneously, the assignments could be tiered by beginner-intermediate-advanced (by concealing more and more stuff) but still grade based on the current beginner level only. So, one could start with advanced and then reveal more to get to intermediate in case he is not able to solve etc .. May be optional bonus grades for solving it at advanced level etc. Otherwise a good course overall to get intuition into deep learning.
Oh My God, my first Coursera course that i have finished to the end.. Supper happy and supper excited till I go to the next one. It is so engaging that even working on a temperature above 30 in no AC room did not slow me down. I also started this course while i was officially in vacation since I could not wait till i get back from vacation. Anyways, Very good content, easy to follow and the fact that I had to implement all the theory right away was just super. I learned not only the power of NNs but also my favorite programming language Python.  Any one with a motivation and interest in DP should take this course because it gives the foundation in the best way possible.
This tutorial was so elaborated. And in each week Andrew Ng tried to recap important findings from previous lessons which were helpful. Sometimes it looks fuzzy to recognize if the instructor is referring some notation as raw or vector form. But mostly it was nicely designed. I love the way programming exercise was designed. It can provide the basis to build a neural net from scratch. Considering all levels of users, he gently represented all the complex term like derivative in a simple way. Maybe for the future suggestion, Besides handwriting, if those calculations of those function can be displayed in animated design, then it's possible to make it simplified enough.
Andrew is an exceptional teacher. Thanks to him, I clearly understood the structure of a neural network and the functioning of the whole network starting from the single neuron.The mathematics behind a neural network, which until recently seemed very difficult to me, is now very clear.This course is even better than the one on Machine Learning of Andrew Ng because here you can directly use Python with the Numpy library and all the part of the exercises and practice is, in my opinion, much better structured and clearer than the other course. I recommend it to anyone with an interest in Artificial Intelligence. I can't wait to continue my Deep Learning Specialization.
Andrew Ng is a fantastic intructor. I admire his teaching style. He pays so much attention to the fundamentals instead of rushing through the material, that I feel like I learned something that will actually stay with me. The homework codes are written beautifully. Introduction of broadcasting and vectorization was an eye opener - turns out I've been programming very inefficiently for years without knowing.  This course on it's own is not enough for me to go and architect NNs on my own, but it definitely helps with general understanding of the process, I feel more confident now talking about it and reading papers. Will continue on to other courses in Specialization.
A must for anyone in deep learning research. This course aims to build the foundation of deep learning operations by not using the built-in functions but writing code yourself, which help tremendously later. It gives you the microscopic view of what calculations are carried at each neuron, layer, forward pass & backprop. The interviews provide the right kind of motivation for aspiring researchers. They're like the cherry over the cake! The syllabus describes the course material but whats a plus in this course is Prof. Andrew Ng's tips when it comes to applying techniques and information about the latest (and probably near future) trends of the academia and industry.
After studying Lesson 1, I learned a lot and solved many  problems I've been puzzled before. Andrew-NG's depth explanation and  detailed writing move me deeply. Teacher's profound knowledge and responsible attitude is my learning example .The teacher can make the complex knowledge lively and interesting, but without losing its own contagion. After-class exercises design is also distinctive, providing great convenience for our beginners  . After class, the active discussion and exchange  provide a wide range of ideas and rich ways to me. Thank you, deep leaning team. we thank coursera for offering rich courses, thanks to Miss Wu's team for doing so excellent course.
Considering how clear and thorough lectures by Andrew Ng were and overall how hard things were made simple in this specialization I can't give it anything but 5 stars. Thank you very much for your hard job on it!However, I would prefer a bit harder and more theoretical course, personally. This one was adapted for a very broad range of listeners, which is a good thing generally. But it is absolutely not challenging to pass it: for instance, the programming excersices are great notebooks, but they mostly are already solved for you and you only need to fill the right lines into the right places. Only the last course on sequential models probably was a bit harder.
Very well designed and thought through course - Highly recommended for those who want to learn neural networks from scratch even extending it to deep learning. This course will empower you to understand, create, and tune a neural network. Clearly describes about Parameters, Hyper-parameters tuning, Forward Propagation, Activation Functions, Backward Propagation, Updating Parameters and Predicting Labels.On a side note :: Before this course I was only aware about analogy of human brain's neurons and neural network and after this course I am able to understand that no one knows (even neuro scientists) that what a single brain neuron does.HaPpY Learning Guys !
Good introduction to Neural Networks. Professor Ing does a great job of simplifying the ideas for folks like me who did Masters in Operations Research more than 2 decades ago. This course brought back the happiest memories of my graduate school days on how gradient descent works. The course also took away the mystery I felt about what I am familiar with i.e. optimization vs how the human mind works. I have not gotten a clue on how the human mind works. I have no idea on how the neurons in the brain fire. I just know that neurons form a giant network and I have always enjoyed network flow algorithms thanks to Professor Dijkstra. This is a really good course.
Excellent introduction to neural networks and deep learning! The course is very well structured, coming from the basic concepts of neural networks, up to building a modular deep layered network. Andrew does an amazing job at concentrating in the underlying and most important principles of deep learning, without spending too much time into the nitty-gritty mathematical and technical aspects of the topic. The lab programming exercises are insanely well written, and the ML interviews at the end of each week gave me a lot of perspective into the field and motivation to keep learning. Thanks to the deeplearning.ai team, you made an amazing job with this course!
Fantastic course, even better than the ML course by Andrew Ng. I love the Jupyter notebooks and have found them such an improvement over the ML's (already good) approach with MatLab. I've learnt tons not just from the course content, but basically from dissecting in my own Jupyter notebook what is going on in each lecture and programming assignment. This course/specialisation is worth every penny. The interviews with heroes of DL have been very interesting and add a lot of value too. I love that Andrew always asks them about career advice and found Ian Goodfellow's interview particularly inspiring. Thank you Andrew and to all the team making this possible!
This course is excellent for both total beginners and people with a little experience in deep learning.  I've implemented a few DL networks before, setting hyperparameters based on best practices.  However, in taking this course, I came to understand the reasons behind some of the best practices I've used in the past.  Dr. Ng does a great job of training and scaffolding for each lesson, building on the previous materials and leading to the next lessons.  I'm also glad that he included interviews with big names in Deep Learning, so that I could see what's going on in the cutting edge of DL research, as well as finding more resources for learning even more.
I found that the course was perfect and gave me a very top level overview of the ML. As a computational scientist I have considerable experience in the linear algebra, I did find that some classes were overkill since they focussed more on dimensional analysis and getting matrix dimensions right, something that (I consider) should be a requirement for this course. However, I do understand that the course is not created only for me. I was really happy to receive a "big picture" understanding of the subject, the teaching was simple and patient. The coding exercises were perfect for a first course in this subject. I can't wait to explore this field further.
I had previously gone through the popular course on Machine learning by Andrew and that course was quite exhaustive for starters. In this course we learn about how to build deep networks through python programming language. My one complaint is that the programming exercises were easy compared to his previous course. I think starters also wont find the programming exercises very difficult.I found the python implementations very good. The way you build helper functions first and then go on to program higher Layer neural nets. Through this course you will learn not only the basics of deep learning but also how to structure your code in an efficient manner.
Really a nice course to take. I´m deeply thanked to Andrew because of his large capacity to simplify complexity - he's really didactic.  I loved the way he build concepts from the very simple to the most complex, so that one thinks  -- got it!. I like the interplay Adnrew uses between building blocks conceptualization (practical) and algebra & analysis foundations beyond (theoretical background). The assignments are very practical to follow , though after the course one probably couldn´t code from scratch unless she has a large practice on Python, the course is  enough to settle the main concepts and learn a good collection of nice tricks in Python.
Well , this has to be the best course for intro to Neural Networks and Deep learning . This course dealt with the basics and mathematics behind Neural Networks and the coding part was well covered in the assignments . If you pay proper attention during the lecture and make notes (I wrote in notebook) , it will help you later while revising all the concepts . And while doing the assignment be honest and if you're not able to get any answer , just think for some time , pay attention to the small mistake you may have done , revise the concepts and you'll definitely get the answer . Thanks and Congrats Andrew and his team for making such a great course
Great foundations. I really like to learn from the bottom up and this class provides exactly that experience - build your own NN from scratch. While I do like using Jupyter notebooks for the class to avoid the need to configure a local dev environment, I also find the "write 2 lines of code" style a bit limiting. At times (especially on the final assignment) it felt like it was more an exercise in book-keeping than exercising my knowledge. But of course, for a robo-graded class I think it would be a lot to expect more free-form assignments.This is a great first class on deep learning and I will highly recommend it to my colleagues at Microsoft.
I was implementing convnet using keras for my undergraduate thesis before, and confused with the terminology used (hyperparameter tuning, gradient descent, global minima, etc). Alas, i persevere and finished my thesis with explanations i found online (albeit with much-unanswered questions and uneasy feelings). I decided to take this course to really dig deep into how this so called "brain simulation" works and i'm glad i did. It's giving me the much-needed intuition into how neural network really works. I now understand the mechanism behind gradient descent, and even gained insight into what derivatives really is (it is just a rate of change!)
The course was great. The videos provided very clear explanation and intuitions behind critical components of the Neural Network. The course built beautifully from a single neuron to a multi-layer multi-neuron model, making it clear step by step. The most helpful & interesting part of this course were the quiz and assignments. Assignments gave a great understanding on the implementation of neural network and how to build them in  a very modular way. Building this way, will really help anyone define and experiment with different models easily. The sincerely appreciate the time invested by the authors to build this quality course. Thanks a lot.
This is a nice follow-up to Andrew Ng's Stanford ML course. This one digs deeper into neural networks specifically, so if that's what you're interested in, this is a great course to take.Note that the Stanford course used Octave and this course uses Python and NumPy (in Jupyter notebooks), so this is also nice because it gets you accustomed to using technologies that are more similar to what real ML practitioners are using. This course does still have you implement things by hand with NumPy and does not delve into higher-level frameworks like TensorFlow. For that, you will have to wait for the next course in the Deep Learning Specialization.
This course gave me an excellent overview of Neural Network, from the metaphor idea to math and implementation in Python. At least for me, the best way to study was a mix of pencil & paper (test and prove all equations) and reproduce the codes in the Coursera platform and Google Colab. The practice assignments are very related to theory lessons (equations using the same notation) that help the understanding. Only one note about the issues in notebooks, the Numpy version adopted is not the most recent, thus it is necessary to change some little things in order to reproduce the practice assignments on Google Colab (but this is not a problem).
This course is amazingly paced and also strikes a very good balance between required knowledge and depth of the topics covered. I cannot imagine how to improve this course except by asking for "more of the same". I had enough background in math and computer programming and I read already some articles and tutorials on Neural Networks. But only after this course I grasped the concept a little better. Andrew Ng is a very good educator: always ready to trade one pound of mathematical rigor for an ounce of intution. And I believe this is the only way to provide good contents here on Coursera. I strongly encourage everyone to take this course.
Very practical approach, full of code examples. It teaches you how to implement the NN with multiple layers from scratch in incremental steps. From the easiest approach (with single layer) to multiple layers. The code uses mainly simple code structures (i.e. loops, dictionaries, lists, vectorized operations and functions), so you do not need knowledge in OOP. Although I think some concepts if explained in OOP framework would be easier to grasp. But this is my subjective opinion. The course material is very well explained. If you want to learn and understand the way neural networks from inside out this course is definitely worth taking.
I've tried other introductions to deep learning courses, and they seem to focus too much on math or too much on coding - assuming the student is coming from one discipline or the other.  This course nicely addresses both the math behind the algorithms, and the code required to implement it, without delving too deeply into either and focusing on the core of DL. This course uses Python and the libraries commonly seen in Kaggle kernels, and includes interviews with some of the most prominent names in AI, making it very relevant in 2018.  I took the machine learning course from the same instructor and enjoy the delivery and organization.
As always, Andrew Ng's explanations help to grasp the material quickly and effectively. The programming exercises are interesting, yet not too challenging.The course is, however, a bit light on the theoretical side. So if you are a practitioner looking for "hands-on" experience to get started with deep learning, by all means, this is your course. If on the other hand, you are looking to understand the theory behind some of the concepts (i.e., you are not to afraid of a bit of math and would like to, e.g., see the derivation of the backpropagation algorithm), this course alone might not satisfy you. But it's a good start nevertheless.
This course is excellent and it is a great introduction to deep learning. Every week you learn new techniques and at the end of the course you are able to build a real deep learning application. If you have a solid math background you will gain a better intuition about the details of the algorithms. Finally, Professor Andrew Ng explains the content clearly and shares several best practices as well as useful advices that will make your learning experience very rich. I've loved the heroes of Deep Learning interviews and it is a great plus. I definitely recommend this course and I can’t wait to start the next one of the specialization.
Amazing course! I have tried learning concepts of neural networks by creating a syllabus for myself which consisted of different resources over the net. However at some point or another I would always reach a big obstacle which would prove to be extremely difficult to surmount and I would always inevitably give up. This course is structured in such a way that respects the current level of the learner and guides the learner through all the concepts without it being impossibly difficult or too easy. This course is only the beginning and  I would gladly continue pursuing the other courses to strengthen my deep learning foundations!
As a teacher myself, I am impressed by how well organized is the course and how well they designed the assignments. Think they are introducing new knowledge to laypeople and they do it very well. However, I would like to get to know more about why neural networks work? In the content, there is a lot of the basis but you do not get to know where the magic comes from?  I also love the interviews with the heroes of machine learning. That is something that really takes this course out of a purely instrumental one.  Thanks a lot. The course fulfills my purpose of getting to know deep learning and keep me motivated to keep learning.
Really great intro to Neural Networks. Andrew Ng, ( who is a Deep Learning professor and Standford, and co-founder of Coursera) walks you through all of the basic theory of Neural Networks then each weekly assignment you get a framework and then write the code from scratch in Python code from a single level Neural Network all the way up to a deep level network. If you're like me and aren't happy just calling the API without having some understanding of what's actually happening on the inside, this is the AI course for you. And with AI projected to increase the global GDP 14% (13.7T) by 2030 it really is the next step.
Andrew presented the course material in a very structured and systematic manner. The material is definitely a bit heavy, but Andrew does a great job in motivating the solution strategies. The systematic breakup of the backprop system of equations is probably the toughest part of the course, but that too was well-guided and the intuition was explained very well. I had some basic understanding of neural nets coming into this course, but I learnt a lot -especially the implementation aspect. Overall -this icourse had a perfect blend of theory and implementation for me to feel like I can now implement my own Neural Nets!
Andrew does a fantastic job of making this material accessible.  This course is a great introduction to deep learning and won't overwhelm you with the details of the underlying mathematics.  If you understand some fairly basic linear algebra and know how to take derivatives you'll be fine.  The lectures are incredibly clear, and this is one of the best Coursera classes I've taken.  The only critique I have is that the homework could be a little bit more challenging - or (if that would undermine the introductory nature of the class) there could be additional optional problems that push students a little bit harder.
A review from a business student with some programming and statistic foundation.The programming assignments are great, guiding you to build part by part of the model.Whenever you feel unsure what to do,  make sure you read the instruction carefully, as clues/hints are often in there. It's feels so awesome that I could finally construct deep neural network by myself instead of using packages that I have "some kind of" idea what's happening behind the scene.Thank you Andrew!  Your courses really inspire me, and when I become a master some day I will share my knowledge and experiences to inspire younger generations!
This course is really an essential first step to AI. Using Logistic Regression to kickstart is a great way to demystify Deep Neural Network.  One of my greatest weaknesses in learning Deep Neural Network was keeping track of correct dimensions in matrices. This course has a special topic on that, very thoughtful indeed. Having taken Geoffrey Hinton's Neural Networks for Machine Learning, I still consider the programming assignments to be very challenging but there are plenty of materials that helped me getting through it.  All in all, this is a timely, thoughtful and extremely effective Deep Learning course.
Andrew NG is the most humble and talented teacher I ever came across. This course is paced right for beginners like me, prior to this course I had taken his Machine Learning course. I had basic ideas of logistic regression and Neural Network before. But this course enhanced my learning and also Python is a big help. (though sometimes i have to look for documentation even for most simple things, like getting a random array of certain dimension, but it aint a big deal). The core of this course is the understanding of forward and backward propagation. Which Andrew did with great details and make it simplified.
Such a great course! I had some basic khnowledge but without a systematic view. This course totally made me more familiar with the foundation and theory of deep learning. I am so grateful. One thing I think can be improved is the tips and hints in the programming assignments. It appears the instruction are very detailed and I think the team can consider making a harder version of the programming assignments for those experienced students. Moreover, the Jupyter Notebook is fantastic, but it can be hard to navigate through the window, so maybe an outline view (with all the function names) would be helpful!
Amazing course. Andrew has really streamlined the concepts, made the course easy to follow and at the same time leaves room for further analysis and curiosity. It is so well structured that can transfer complex concepts easily to you and therefore maintain the excitement in the student to keep on going at his/her own speed. What I loved most about the course was the fact that for some reason it seems like Andrew knows where to give you further explanation about what just happened or where you might get stuck in the code and in the lecture. Thank you Andrew. Such an amazing experience and great structure.
To start speaking, this is a really good course.It guides through the basics of how to build a neural network instead of just importing from sklearn library. It helps one understand what is happening behind the scenes when one imports models from libraries like sklearn, PyTorch, etc. This course has taught how efficiently one can decrease computation time using vectorization as it made programming that enjoyable and exciting, it also reduced the time taken to complete the program exponentially.I would recommend everyone who wants to learn how a machine learning model works and also build their own model
I found this course  to be extremely good. It covers nicely theory, implementation and application of Neural Networks and Deep Learning. Prof. Andrew Ng  through his video lectures makes it fun and easy to learn this subject with the right emphasis on key points. The quiz's and program assignments are really good, reinforcing the concepts. In addition I found the Hero's of Deep learning conversation videos towards the end of each week, informative and thought provoking. This is my second course after taking Machine learning on Coursera. I am enjoying learning on Coursera. Thank you Prof Andrew and Team.
Fantastic course with well structured  Jupyter notebooks for your Python programming assignments. The assignments were pretty easy due to extensive explanations and repetition of key formulas from the lectures within the notebook. To be fair to others, maybe it was also a bit easy, because I just recently completed Andrew's older Machine Learning course (with programming in Octave and still highly recommended for a slightly deeper foundation in ML - I think), so I was already well familiar with the key concepts, vectorization etc, which I only had to transfer to Python. In any case, awesome course!
I've taken Andrew's "machine learning" course before, which I loved so much and learned a lot from it. The only issue with it was the use of "matlab/octave"; fortunately, he switched to "python" in this specialization course. :-)This first course in the "deep learning specialization" is a very well though-out introduction to deep learning. Starting from logistic regression, Andrew builds upon the materials and masterfully introduces the more sophisticated concepts one after another. The programming assignments make the course even more fun and practical. Loved the course. Thank you Andrew & Co. :-)
This course is one of the best online course I have taken so far. With basic math knowledge (you just need to know what is a vector and what is a slope) you can complete all the assignments and the course itself. In this course, you get in-depth knowledge of how a neural network works by implementing it yourself. The best thing about this approach is that you will be very confident as you start playing with high-level libraries like tensorflow, since you will know what is going on under the hood. I think this course is a great place to start if you are new to deeplearning before using any library.
I really enjoyed the Jupyter Notebook approach as it really suits my experience with Python3 and love of pedagogical and sound presentation of theory. The code can sometimes be a bit too forgiving in that it would be possible to go through it without thorough examinations of dimensions, calculations and the like. I, however, am doing this for learning rather than certification so it was a minor issue.Really nice videos, a clear structure and a very thoughtful balance between the complexities of math and the "get things done" possibilities that jupyter notebook and Coursera permits. A great course!
Perhaps this is the first course of this type that does not use any fancy python libraries to do something as complex as deep learning. It just uses numpy. For this reason, if tomorrow the python language gets obsolete, skill transfer would be very easy. The assignments are not too hard If you watch the videos regularly, but the contents are by no means easy to understand, particularly the parts where the instructor teaches matrix dimensions and backpropagation. I think watching the videos is not enough unless you practice the concepts yourself, with datasets downloaded from some other websites.
This course is friendly to novice because Andrew is adept at making the originally complicated lessons easy to inteprete, and his clear pronounciation and moderate speed help students catch up his pace without extra effort even for non-native English Speaker.More importantly, we all known that Andrew is known as a prominent AI scholar around the world, and his intelligence is sparkling through the course, for example, the systematic course structure reveals his in-depth knowledge, as well as the practical advices on buliding a deep learning model shows his rich experience in actual implemention.
Compare to the machine learning class years ago, this revamped NN and DL class took very modern approach and really take machine learning education to the next level by using new technologies, better programming models and last but not least, Python Notebook for education.Assignments are helpfully guided, however the guidance felt a bit too excessive at times. Some text could be better delivered as hints rather than instructions. This course is less demanding and is definitely perfect as an introduction course. The interviews are super relevant and highly engaging. Make sure you don't miss them.
It's only my first week in the course, and I'd say it's been good. It can be a little bit tedious to catch up with the terminology if you haven't seen any Data Mining or Machine Learning . Nothing that a good devotion of Google and YouTube-fu can't tackle. Other than that, I have a very basic knowledge in the topic and I have had to do some good research about it. The 2nd week's lectures goes through each of the steps in building a Neural Network, including the explanation of a Gradient Descent, Logistic Regression, and derivatives. I'll see if I can update the review after finishing the course.
Andrew Ng is the best! Congratulations to all the team involved in the course. It i at a very good level for everybody to join in. As an experienced programmer I though the programming assignments were on the easy side, but I guess they are at the right level for people coming from other areas. As for the maths, I think is a good idea to leave the deep stuff out of it and get people building the NN as a long as the maths behind it is solid, which it is in this course. People can delve deeper in other sources. I'm quite excited for the next 4 courses! All the best to the team and to the students!
I loved the programming assignments. The tasks are nice, the visualization of the neural networks' decision boundaries is very helpful, and the setup with the Jupyter notebooks is just awesome. In other courses it is often required to set up a programming environment first, which sometimes takes more time than the programming exercises themselves. In this course it was possible to dive into Python and Numpy immediately - without worrying about file paths, environment variables, compatibility issues and other nuisances. The lectures were also very good. All the concepts were explained very well.
Beautifully structured course! Feels like a walk in the park if you've already completed the 'Holy Bible of ML', i.e., Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course on Coursera.Very good programming guidelines, and a gentle introduction to anyone who isn't aware of the core concepts on Machine learning.If you're wondering whether you should complete the Machine Learning course first, by all means, go ahead. However, I can guarantee that there will be no hardships faced even if you're a beginner in ML and want to dive head-first into Deep Learning.After all, it's Andrew Ng who we're talking about here! :)
Prof. Andrew Ng explains all concepts from a very fundamental level and even nervous students will feel encouraged by his insistence on "don't worry about it" for derivations you don't understand. The assignments have a lot of hand-holding but I needed that to focus on other more important concepts instead of debugging python code which can be learned in a different course. Overall, I have learned how to build a deep neural network using a building-block approach and gained confidence regarding this domain which I had previously taken to be mysterious and cryptic and perhaps for the elite only.
I had always wanted, formulae on the research papers to make sense in real world applications. However, as a novice programmer I wasn't been able to put those formulas into code and had to always go through multiple links and videos to make it working which was really a bottleneck as I didn't knew where to start. This course is really comprehensive and well crafted to make one understand the very basics to build a Neural Network and use them any Deep Learning Requirements. If you have a intermediate Python understanding, than no other course can help you create your own Neural Net. Thank You!
Andrew sir introduces the idea of neural networks using a single neuron(logistic regression) and slowly adding complexity — more neurons and layers. By the end of the 4 weeks(course 1), we are introduced to all the core ideas required to build a dense neural network such as cost/loss functions, learning iteratively using gradient descent and vectorized parallel python(numpy) implementations.    Andrew patiently explains the requisite math and programming concepts in a carefully planned order and a well regulated pace suitable for learners who could be rusty in math/coding. I love this course.
This course serves as a great intro. I saw many comments complaining that the course is a bit too easy. As a stats PhD student, I admit that the technical details in this initial course is trivial, but I feel that I learned a lot of useful things, e.g., vectorization, intuition, etc. In fact, the entire concept of deep neural net is very straightforward, i.e., nothing but a generalized linear model (GLM) from a statistical prospective. I feel what is important is the intuition behind it and how to implement it efficiently in practice. This course covers both aspects in great details, love it!
This course helps me to understand what is neural network and how would we use the NN and deep learning method to solve the practical problem. This is real science.  For the content I have to say that this is the best AI course I have ever had.  The related theory and mathematic equations are all clearly explained.  Besides I learned a lot from every assignment. The point to build NN is make sure we understand the theory  first then the programming part will not be hard. But before learning the course I think we need to have basic knowledge about python. Excellent course! Thank you so much.
I have already completed Andrew Ng's Stanfor Machine Learning course on Coursera, but the neural network coverage was limited.  This course helped me understand the underlying principles of deep learning more completely and I'll be taking all five to earn the specialization.  The pace of this course seemed perfect for me having some knowledge of Python, linear algebra, and calculus.  This course also helped to refresh older memories and learn new things about Python libraries like numpy.  This is an excellent course and has left me very excited about possible applications for deep learning.
The course is very good and I found it really easy because I was familiar with python. There are two things which I want to suggest in your courses .The first thing is you should also teach how to use python libraries for deep learning. This will teach students how to use library in different types of problems. The second thing which I found was the course was bit easy and it should be made little bit difficult by removing certain hints such as formulae. This will force students to make notes seriously while listening your video lectures and implement formulae in their code on their own.
I took the ML matlab version that Prof Ng created, but could not make it because I could not understand the homework problems and the content of the course. Thus, I got out after the fifth week because I could not understand how to do the assignment. However, luckily, right after I got out, he opened this course. It was a relief that I was able to understand everything I did not understand from the previous one, and I was able to do the homework. Therefore, I would suggest this course to everyone who wants to learn AI. Thank you Prof Ng and your dedicated team for this tremendous effort!
I really liked the way the python exercises were structured (Jupiter notebook). To let the student only focus on course-specific code, and not implement the entire program from scratch. The only downside to everything I learnt is that I did not develop the intuition for the mathematical formulas of backpropagation. I tried and I watched the optional videos as well but it was quite difficult, because I haven't done calculus in a while. I will rewatch and try to understand that part better. Everything in the course was perfect, will be looking forward to learning the next ones. Thank you!
I loved this course and I got much more inspired to pursuit my search in this area hoping that one day I can join this amazing community and get a job in this area!Thank you very much for your great work: loved the good sequencing of the videos, with very simple and bright intuitions about the more complex math topics, and also enjoyed a lot the Interviews with the gurus/legends of AI and ML!Congratulations to all that participated and made such a great effort to put up this course available in such a professional format and by such a filantropic price!Keep on with this outstanding job!
I really enjoyed this course, as far as my knowledge is concerned no other Instructor make this course as understandable than Andrew. Being a person from different background initially I am scared about gaining intuition about the topics but Instructor explains everything in a lucid manner. I am very happy that all the programming assignments are guided in this course, a person with introductory knowledge in python can attempt and gain good grades. I recommend everyone who wants to take this course upon interest can take without hesitation irrespective of their area of study. Thank you
The Neural Networks and Deep Learning class from Andrew Ng, deeplearning.ai and Coursera is very well structured and taught. I learned a lot and I am glad I was able to use calculus and Python to better understand what is going on underneath the hood with forward propagation, cost, parameters, backward propagation, predictions and more. Andrew and his team are exceptional instructors. The Deep Learning hero sessions are very motivational and inspiring. I also enjoy Andrew's sessions from Stanford's CS230 online. Looking forward to my next adventure in this Deep Learning Specialization.
Before taking this course I have learned Machine Learning, which is another famous course in Coursera, also taught by Professor Ng. My feeling is that this course is not as intensive as that one, but still I learned so many new stuffs which are extremely useful in my own deep learning projects. Before taking this course, I had zero coding experience in Python and so was really nervous about the programming exercises. However, the exercises are very well organized that I think every one can handle easily. So what I want to say is, don't say you can't do it if you never give it a try.
Not sure how other people would fare, but I felt like in order to have a deep understanding of what was actually going on, I needed to go study the calculus and linear algebra behind the material (which I had done previously). I know that probably turns a lot of people off and is why it's somewhat glossed over, but thought I'd just put it out there.I will say that this course was super helpful with seeing how a theoretical understanding of DL translates into code. The coding exercises were 100/100. So thank you for that! :). Looking forward to the next courses in the specialization!
It's an honor to be taught by Professor Ng. He's an excellent instructor, and he has very effectively brought this complex material to those of us who are practitioners rather than applied mathematicians.Perhaps if, like me, you are familiar with the mathematics used in this work, you might find the pace a bit slow. The repetition, and the guided programming exercises, do serve a valuable purpose. By the end, by the final exercise, there is crisp clarity on what all of the components of the neural network are, and how they are utilized.Thank you, professor, for an excellent course.
Good balance between theory and practice. The best thing is that everything that you learn during the course you also try in the notebook, right away. So all the formulas and computations become very clear. I have been working with NNs for a couple of years by now and took this course to refresh the knowledge - and surprisingly I have found a couple of things I didn't know before (or have successfully forgotten about).  I would also thank Andrew Ng for taking the interviews and sharing these inspiring videos with the students, it's very motivating hearing their stories and advice.
First of all the course is designed and taught by AI pioneer Andrew Ng, the fact itself creates no room for any reason for not opting for this course if somebody wants to learn about DL. Secondly, the approach is ground up, you get a confidence that without knowing or learning complex numerical foundations, you can get intuition of how deep learning works and can very well start applying this into your projects. When you see working model of a deep neural network built from fundamental codes, you feel like doing something and it makes you try harder and wider problems on your own.
The course is very helpful. Andrew Ng has explained all the basics of neural networks. Both theory and programming lessons are very neatly arranged. It helps freshers to learn a lot. Since in programming assignment, the theory and notations needed for that are also explained I could connect everything fast. And I didn't had to code everything in python. It helps people who are not that much expert in python and its an inspiration to learn more in python and other technologies. I express my gratitude towards Coursera and Mr.Andrew Ng for helping for this course. Thanks, Naima Vahab
I had almost zero knowledge about Python language and even less about all the complexity of the internal structure of neural networks (NN). I can imagine how difficult is teaching this sort of witchery to common mortals but Andrew Ng. did a great job on that simplifying and remarking just the practical and important points you require to build a simple NN. It's a clever way to start in the world of deep learning despite of the high price of this course, otherwise it could take ages learning by yourself. I wonder if I will become a kind of wizard when I finish all the 5 courses...
I think this course was designed as what I need. I always want to learn from the teacher who taught me the basics and the development of the core part of the technology rather than touching its outer part and showing me where it can apply. This course tatught me how actually a neural network is built in the system and how it actually works. This course helped me lot to understand the nural networks. Everywhere on the internet what I found is just application of neural networks, no one focused on teaching the basic way designing neural networks. Thank you for this amazing course.
The course takes a very direct approach to building your first neural network. It has very little maths, and the coding is extremely simplified in the assignments. For someone with a little bit of background, it wouldn't take more than a couple hours to be done with the course and running your first multi-layer model. If you have prior knowledge of NNs, machine learning, or calculus and vectorization, the course could feel a bit tedious. In this case, I'd recommend running the videos at 1.5x or 2x speed . My only gripe is the quality of the audio. It could have been much better.
I was initially running from the maths that underpins deep learning but this course made it some much easy to understand and gain intuition on how to operate deep learning. I thoroughly enjoyed Andrew's style of delivery and with his constant reassurance and I quote, "don't worry about it …",  that holds very true and gradually makes you fall and gets the underlying linear algebra, calculus and derivatives that form the theoretical backbone of deep learning. The course really left me on the high and with a strong grounding to begin to press further in this deep learning journey.
If you had Prof Ng's "Machine learning" in the past, you expect perfection, so you may say that this course had imperfections such as Jupyter work instead of offline work, which confines your creativity when working on an exercise, and the course bit short, even for a chapter in a specialization.However, when comparing to other courses, to nearly any other MOOC except "Machine learning" and perhaps "Complex Analysis", this course is still a DEFINITE five stars course.  In content, in knowledge bang for your time invested, in usefulness, in teaching ability, and the list goes on.
A lot of repeated material from Stanford's Introduction to Machine Learning, especially week 4. But of course, implementing all the assignments in Python, which is probably the most widely used language for ML and one of the most efficient ones as well; That was a big advantage over the material covered in Introduction to Machine Learning. Also, the material was explained in great detail and was tremendously organized. Would highly recommend the course to anyone who's looking into expanding their knowledge in Deep Learning. I can't wait to start Course 2 in the specialization!
This is by far the best course I've had. It's detailed, intuitive, well-explained, and engaging. This course kept me having fun all the time. The brief questions in-between the videos are amazing. The videos aren't really that in-depth mathematically but the discussion forum provides those additional details for those who need it. I also really like the fact that you guys added the heroes of deep learning videos, they really are amazing people and I think it helps me to get to know the field better. Well, I'm out of words. To summarize, it's amazing and I really recommend it.
I found this course to be a good introduction to neural networks and deep learning geared toward the uninitiated. For anyone with some experience however, the course can be rather easy, though it can serve as a review and it is fast enough to go through. I find it to be always good to start from basics, especially in the complex and always evolving field of machine learning, and this is an adequate starting point. I suggest that anyone taking this course with serious aims should seek to understand the mathematics introduced in it, though it is often mentioned as "not needed".
The programming assignments in this course provide practical experience in building a deep learning neural network. The lectures are thorough and easy to understand, and they connect clearly to the quizzes and assignments. I'm grateful that Professor Ng and staff put this excellent resource together and make it accessible to all. I currently work in Cambodia, where I hope to introduce courses such as this to young people who have no educational opportunities. I highly recommend this course to all who wish to be aware of the incremental significance of AI in our time. Thanks!
Really great course material. With minimal mathematics behind this, this course provided a great start to deep dive into deep learning. The video length and the quizzes and exercises were great. Also, since jupyter notebook was hosted by coursera itself, I didn't had to invest setting up infrastructure or downloading packages in my local system which was unlike AndrewNg's MachineLearning course which used Octave. This experience made completing the exercises more efficiently. helping me to utilize most of my time in solving it. Looking forward to complete the next courses.
A great course. The topic is very compelling on its own, but the magic is all in the instructor. Andrew Ng is passionate and explains complex concepts by slowly building up to them.  It was very important for me that he introduced the math and notation required, without assuming a lot of prior knowledge.The programming assignments are worked on and submitted with Jupiter notebooks, which is great.To make the most of this course, I would recommend doing the "Machine Learning" course from Andrew Ng, as it has a lot of relevant content and a good refresher on linear algebra.
Definitely recommended. I've taken various other deep-learning lessons and tutorials, but none of them gave me as much insight and practice as this course.  I get the feeling that a lot of work went into the design of the course and even the homework problems.  A practical note for people considering the class: it'd be a good idea to review how matrix multiplication works before diving in, because that comes up again and again. There's a review in the course itself, but it doesn't come until week 4, and I found it necessary to analyze matrix dimensions as early as week 2.
Amazing course! I didn't even know python when I begun properly (only C++,C and C# and octave/MATLAB) but all the required functions/commands were introduced in a way that I faced no issues whatsoever. Of course I did need to google a lot of syntax differences (like for loops and stuff), but the experience was very fluid and everything connects extremely well to Andrew's famous Stanford ML course. If you're somebody who has only taken that course and are wondering if you can take the Deep learning specialization without having to study python first, I would say GO FOR IT!
Andrew Ng is an amazing tutor and this is a great introduction in the world of Deep Learning. This course is for anyone interested in the topic, however, in my opinion it is advisable to first go through his ML course as this one feels like a direct continuation that builds on top of it. That beind said, the lectures are really well structured and the assignments are fun. One minor downside is that the assignments tend to hold your hand through the process, so to really test your knowledge, you may want to implement the algorithms on your own, using different datasets.
Very good course that can build understanding of neural networks and machine learning key concepts in a straight way. It is also interesting for some people, who thinks that he is advanced in machine learning, like me, but have only conceptual understanding of neural nets and no coding practice (just some experience with visual matlab plugin for NN).Thanks for professor Ng and his deeplearning.ai team for preparing this course and for Coursera team for hosting it and making available.P.S. It is so cool course that I'm helping with translation of this course to Russian.
The Super Excellent: How the course is built, with a lot of small block well placed on top of each others. The honest rendering (cutting over the hype) by Andrew Ng of DL and ML in general.The Excellent: The new notation and organization of the matrices (compared to Andrew Ng's previous Machine Learning course). The new explanation of backward propagation.The Good: The use of caches between Forward Prop. and Backward Prop., but also between the different functions. Note: The latter would benefit cleaner names and the usage of assert() on entry of the functions.Thanks,
Great introduction to Deep Learning and Neural Networks! I took the Machine Learning course offered by Stanford University and Professor Ng. and did not quite (fully) grasp what a Neural Network was doing. However, with this course, my intuition and understanding about Neural Networks and their inner workings was greatly enhanced. In addition, the course offers the most recent and best practices seen in the industry (e.g. introduction of the tanh and Relu activation functions ). I would recommend this course to anyone interested in Deep Learning and its applications.
Hi Andrew,It's just Awesome Andrew !.. it was a pleasure to achieve this course 8 years after I achieved your first course in 2011 (before coursera borns). Thanks to you and to all your team at stanford.I can't wait for the next four courses :)I was teaching the machine learning course to my students in the past 3 years and I plan to teach this current course to my students this year. They have the barrier of English language and I'm trying to do my best to explain the main ideas I understood from your course.Abdelhak, Professor at Mohammed V UniversityRabat, Morocco
Prof. Andrew Ng made it easy for the beginner to digest the systematic discipline of Deep Learning.In addition, I cannot say enough thank you to all those teaching staffs and other peers who helped me better understand the course through Discussion Forum. In particular, I would like to mention that my smooth learning progress owed to Mr. Paul T Mielke. Thanks, Paul!After the completion of this course, I would like to view Prof. Ng's course CS230 at Stanford via YouTube videos to enhance the understanding of what I learned from the Coursera course.Thank you very much
This course is a perfect introduction to neural networks. It builds on simple concepts to then put together larger processes that link and compound these concepts together. In all, the user begins to see how something like fitting a Logistic Regression model is not that different from some other learning models that are regarded as more complex, such as neural networks. Surely, as one continues, these things will diverge, but this course does a good job os using the knowledge users likely already have, in order to better introduce them to some more complex concepts.
I liked the course. Without any previous knowledge of neural networks or deep learning, now I can claim that I know the basics and the reasoning behind fundamental steps of deep learning. The slides that were downloadable also were a great point of this course, since it made it easier to take and add your own notes. The instructor also explained topics quite clearly. I also like the system of grading for programming assignments where were divided in different sections unlike some similar courses on Coursera. Totally recommended for people interested in this topic.
The best thing about this course was that the course gets easier and easier! Prof. Andrew Ng, the community, and the arrangement of the assignments always got my back! I never felt like "I must skip this line as this is out of my scope". With a little bit of hard work, anyone can build any layer NN for image classification problem with 80%+ accuracy. If there is any scope for improvement, I'd say that the notebooks get disconnected frequently, which should be improved. Otherwise, this is the best course I've ever had! Thanks all who are involved with this course!
Amazingly well done course. The best thing I liked about is the attention to detail that Prof. Ng has paid. For example I always had tons of problems with the rank 1 matrix. The frustration levels used to be so high. However, being the consummate practitioner and teacher, he identified what kind of problems one encounters when one learns python and deep learning for the very first time. It was more like symphony. I tried other courses in other websites. But this easily is the best of it all. I strongly recommend it to everyone who wants to get into deep learning.
This is an excellent starting point for learning about Neural Networks and Deep Learning.Many technical derivations and details are left out but this is only a plus. These details are much better learned with a working knowledge of the basics/implementation of neural networks. Besides, it is clearly stated whenever such details are omitted. This course will not make you an immediate expert in coding nor neural networks but it is the best starting point out there for a broad audience. Regarding becoming an expert, always remember that Rome wasn't build in one day.
Andrew Ng literally hacked the teaching method of deep learning.  I have also finished his 2011 zero to hero machine learning course. I can easily say that,  Let if flow people. Take the journey with him.You need to know Python syntax and semantics (types, functions, lists, tuples, Especially Dictionaries.). Otherwise you will be going on a adventure. Watch out for "cache" dragon. I suggest you to learn partial derivatives. And everything else you will need in Deep Learning will be given to you in a perfect order.I love you Coursera Team <3    Have a great time.
Great quick overview and introduction to neural networks and basic deep neural nets. Great intro for those without a lot of the required math background. I would have liked to see some more quizzes (even if optional) on the derivations of the gradients. That was a bit of black box and we were just given the equations. I also thought it was a bit odd to have examples-by-column rather than rows. Assuming this was done to simplify notation (less transposes) - but it's counter to almost every other presentation in machine learning and stats that use example by rows.
This course has provided me the most suitable level of math details. Many other books and tutorials tend to overlook the fact that learners are usually not experts in machine learning and statistics. An example is the explanation of why the cost function of logistic regression should be the form provided. When I first saw the formula in a book, I was confused  and could not rationalize it myself, which troubled me a lot because I don't think I can implement an algorithm without knowing the cost function. This course is really good for beginners who cares "why".
Well motivated. Clearly structured. Generalizing from Logistic Regression over shallow Neural Network to Deep Neural Networks was easy to follow and reinforced the structure of the approach. I overall liked the presentation of  the maths and assume that it is well suited for an audience of differing affinity to maths. For myself, I will have to do the calculations again on my own to get a real grip on them. [Writing db (=something that should grow with steeper b) for dL/db (=which shrinks with steeper b, given the same change in L) still feels wrong.] Thanks!
Nice basic course, gives a clear look at what is happening inside neural networks, all details are explained in quite clear and understandable form with practical tasks of implementing everything, so that you really know what is going on.After that course you will have a knowledge of how to implement a simple neural network and it's learning algorithm from zero. Also you will get some knowledge about matrices operations, derivatives and python programming.I do highly recommend this course for novices and for more skilled people.  It was a positive experience.
Excellent presentation of the material. The homework assignments made this approachable by holding my hand as I learned "how to walk" with matrices and multilayer neural networks. I feel like there could have been one more "do everything yourself" assignment, where we had to build another L-layer neural network completely from scratch, but maybe that isn't the point of this course, since I expect I'll be using keras or something in "the real world". An optional quiz involving some of the derivations for some equations might have been a nice stretch, as well.
A solid introduction into discussing the basics of machine learning. Although I had to research some details on specifics topics which I could not completely understand in the course, that was my own problem, really. The basic steps for creating a neural network and understanding the functions behind initializing parameters, forward propagation, cost and backward propagation are explained well, and since the assignments are in python, I've learned a few packages and helpful coding hacks to better implement efficiency in programs. Overall, I would recommend!
It is a great course to get started on Neural Networks and their practical implementation. The whole course is constructed keeping the end result of building an OPTIMIZED program in python for building a neural network and everything connects together in the final programming assignment. Not only do you learn what are neural networks and how they work but you also learn very importantly how to code in a very optimized manner so that you decrease the training time as much as possible. Definitely a great course, looking forward to complete the specialization.
This course is the best course to start learning deep learning. You will enjoy the step-by-step creation of shallow and deep neural networks. Frankly speaking, I am amazed at the creativity and brilliance of the Andrew Ng's team for preparing the programming assignments and quizzes. Therefore, I am speechless.Last but not least, I am also really grateful and thankful for Coursera who has given me Financial Aid for this course. In return for this act of kindness, I am able to finish it before any deadlines.Thank you deeplearning.ai!Thank you Coursera!Thank
Great intro to deep learning. Although it's a bit repetitive at times, especially coding bits - one is not really forced to understand the components at times but can instead just follow instructions and copy paste bits and pieces. Would for example have appreciated that more time was spent on explaining the details of derivation of backwards propagation especially within "deep domain". The intuition is clear, but either forcing the user to do (or giving a link to) a step by step derivation would have been useful and saved time. Thanks for a great course.
I completed the original ML course  earlier this year which gave the fundamentals of the practice.  What I got out of this course was a reinforcement of the practices and ways of collecting my thoughts.  There was enough difference in the approach and especially in the back prop areas to help clarify the understanding from what was a bit of magic, to a clear and more structured set of calculations.  The platform of using the notebook is very solid, and of course there is the usual outstanding support from the community with respect to answering questions
Andrew NG's approach is one of its kind. Previously, I had taken several courses with other reputable online providers, and also did a lot of reading in tandem. What amazed me about Andrew's approach was the fact that crucial concepts were explained in much detail, one-by-one; this helped me complete the overall puzzle and/or fill in any missing links. I'm not sure if I could've followed the course without any previous experience, but if you're familiar with Python, NumPy and basic ML concepts, then this course will help you understand DL a lot better.
I think this course is very accessible, and gives you enough know how to hit the ground running. My only caution is that there is a bit of hand-holding involved (because of the limited background they assume), and that if you want a more rigorous foundation, you'll have to supplement this course with other materials. This doesn't detract from the quality of the course though, rather, it's amazing how much you can do with Deep Learning without fully understanding all of the finer details, and this is a good place to springboard into more advanced study.
After a full course of Machine Learning, of course, this one is rather weak. The feeling that all 4 weeks we are talking about the same thing. This is probably done for those who are not at all in the subject. I see this course as an introduction to the specialization. I hope the continuation will be stronger. It's great that practical work is done in Jupiter on Python. Program exercises are easy, but it takes a lot of time to figure them out if we don't know Python very well. This is not a plus or a minus, just a statement of fact. Thank you Andrew!
This was an amazing course for me. I've always wanted to get to the bottom of deep learning fundamentals and this course did not disappoint. It walks me through the basics to the more deeper concepts in incremental steps without overwhelming me with too much derivatives (but just enough to carry the point across). Just the right mix of theory and practice. Highly recommended as a starting point for deep learning, or if you're like me, developing more intuition towards the practice that I am already doing. Fills in the gaps in my understanding nicely.
A very nice introduction to deep learning. Covers the basics and builds up slowly. There is some prerequisite knowledge of Python programming and calculus to have success with the course. Professor Ng's explanation of the topic is focused on practical applications, and builds on years of experience gained in academia and industry. The exercises are focused on mastering core concepts. The notation takes a little bit of time to get accustomed to, but you begin to understand why the notation is the way it is. Very good course; I definitely recommend it.
A really good intuition and introduction to neural network and deep learning. What I enjoyed the most was the fact that we needed to implement the learning algorithm step by step through the guided programming assignments as opposed to calling an in built function in libraries ( such as tensorflow etc). I felt the programming exercises were quite very successful in an attempt to draw and maintain the learner focus on the algorithm itself as opposed to other programming aspects, which can be learnt elsewhere/improved elsewhere. Great course. Thank you
I like the practical focus of this course, it allows you to build the fundamental parts of simple tools that are gratifying for us beginners.The instructor focuses on making sure he teaches only the core concepts and sometimes he does only explain some concepts at a very surface level, but I see this as more of a feature than a bug. Linear algebra and calculus concepts that are only briefly discussed in this course, deserve their own class or course; I like that is up to the student to decide whether to deeply research these subjects on his/her own.
This course makes you implement your own neural network without using Tensorflow or Torch. As a result, the student gets to learn what neural networks are implemented internally instead of only learning how to use a particular software package. The course is full of small, practical, and highly useful information such as why we use a cross-entropy loss instead of sum of squared errors loss and why do we need to initialize parameters using not-too-large random weights. This information is very useful in implementing NNs at work or for job interviews.
It's a very good course. It illustrates the idea of neural network and deep learning in an intuitive way. I think this time I fully understand the idea and details behind them. Also, the python programming is very friendly. I have used R for years but not so familiar with python. However, folloing the instructions I can do the coding very efficiently. I think i just spent less than 1 week on this course but get 100% score on it. So it's not so challening compared to Machine Learning and PGM. I think PGM is the most difficult one among these courses.
Dear Prof. Andrew,It is my pleasure to express gratitude and thankfulness to you and your team. I am grateful to have you as a mentor in learning AI for everyone,  neural networks and deep learning. It was a great journey with you in this learning process. Lectures and assignments made me realize the importance of the ANN and other advance tools in real world applications. The mathematical content behind neural network theory and programming assignments encouraged me to pursue this area in future. Thank you once again. Dr.Hari Krishna Gaddam, India
Overall, an excellent course! The material is taught very well. The programming assignments were enjoyable and fairly straightforward. The Jupyter programming notebooks were really cool and fun to work with. The only criticism I have is that week 1 material was extremely easy, easily doable within a day. Week 2, on the other hand, was quite difficult. I think it was the most difficult week overall because it introduced a huge amount of new concepts and math. After I had a good understanding of week 2 material, the rest of the course was not so bad.
This course is a masterpiece. Excellent for beginners and for those who want to refresh their memory. Andrew Ng's way of teaching neural networks with the simplicity of matrix multiplication deserves a standing ovation.Course Content - 5/5; The material is extremely well structured.Simplicity - 4/5; though the course requires basic calculus, it shouldn't be a problemAssignments - 5/5; they were challenging, but it made sure that you grasp the concept completely.Teaching - 5/5 - Excellent delivery by the master supplemented with easy explanations.
A very beautiful course that introduces us to neural networks and helps gain insight on how neural networks work. One who doesn't know linear Algebra and/or Calculus can also understand the concepts. Programming assignments were good, helped visualize the neural network learning. The derivations of gradients using Calculus should be proved/solved in an optional video, as it may help people with Calculus background understand the material in depth.Overall, a very nice course to introduce Neural Networks and Deep Learning, would recommend 10/10.
Very well made. Andrew Ng taught all the core concepts of neural networks very well. Before taking this course, I've watched videos on workings of neural networks. Forward propagation and back propagation always seemed a bit hard to me but Andrew made these concepts very simplified and made me to understand them thoroughly. Extremely satisfied by this course, looking forward to course 2. I would recommend this course to anyone, no prior knowledge of machine learning is required. If you have any interest in this field, I would say just dive in.
Great introduction in neural networks / deep learning. Using Python learning environment is easier than using R which causes me to spend lots of time in installing the right packages in the right versions. Drawback is that i don't have the programming environment ready after finishing this course. It leaves me with knowledge but i have to rebuild the models in a tool i can afford leaving me with lots of overhead things to learn and implement. Overall, good focus on the matter and it's a great surprise to have these results in such an easy way.
Andrew NG really knows his stuff, 10/10 would recommend in a heartbeat! Course is obviously complex, but well worth the time and energy you put into it.If there is one suggestion that I could give, it is that the grading for the assignments be improved. The grader, in my experience, only gave me either full for each component or a zero. Any change I made in learning rate, etc, did not give me any partial marks.Other than that, I cannot thank the team behind this, clearly a lot of work went into this seemingly labor of love! Thank you so much.
Prof. Andrew Ng provides in this course a comprehensive step-by-step instruction to build up your own deep feed-forward neural network (DNN) with backpropagation using only the numpy (library for array  manipulations). His approach is from bottom to top starting explaining very basic concepts as building blocks. After those bricks are ready you can easily build your own DNN. It is a great course for beginners wanting to understand how a DNN works. Notebook assignments are moderately hard for a beginner and easy for a programmer with practice.
Great course! A lot of useful information; definitely worth it, even after taking the into course. I do have two problems:1) I wish the programming assignments did not help you THAT much. The assignments pretty much tell you what to write. As a contrast, I think that the assignments in the intro course were much more challenging.2) Although I was able to do the derivation myself, I wish there was optional videos to show the derivation of back-propagation, as I think it is a valuable piece of information for full comprehension of the process.
I have pass this class. Except test case of L_model_backward is not match to the teacher, everything is very good. For the learning strategy, I also have some suggestion for new learner. If you don't has any experience about machine learning, then Machine Learning class in Coursera by Andrew Ng is good for basic background knowledge.  It can help you to quickly understand in simple way. so you can quickly understand the course of Neural Networks and Deep Learning. Thanks Andrew Ng make everything become simple and good to learn :)  Thank you
This Deep Learning course on coursera platform just meets my needs. The instructor of this course is Professor Andrew Ng, who has many years of experience in this field. His Instructional videos and textual materials can help me understand the essence of the theory of deep learning. In addition, after-class quizzes and programming assignments can also greatly increase our practical skills. Therefore I believe this Deep Learning course can help me to possess the basic ability to work in the field of artificial intelligence and deep learning.
Very basic concepts are taught, but the material is presented clearly and relatively concisely. The concepts are very accessible and some depth on the mathematics and theory is provided, although not as much as you would get in a graduate level college class. The programming assignments are very good, balancing first-principles implementation with a focus on implementing the most important concepts rather than writing boiler-plate code. This is a good introduction for practitioners and is easily covered in much less time than that allotted.
Started this course 3 months back, but from past two weeks  I sat for around 4 hours per day, to complete this course. The programming assignments may not seem difficult intitally, because Andrew provide the vectorised equations but what really boils down and deepens my understanding was how am I going to use it in my application. How I will build my own image classifier ? When I try to answer such questions then yes it was very very helpful to me. I am still in learning phase, a beginner, so yes course was difficult but it was manageable.
This course  is amazing ! I'm so happy that I've completed this beautifully crafted course . The instructor is really good.The explanations and presentations are so clear and easy to grasp.Before taking up this course,I had a feeling that neural networs are very hard to conceive and implement...but this Course made me realise that anyone with basic knowledge in coding(python) and linear alzebra can easily learn to model Deep Neural Networks.I thank the instructor Mr.Andrew and Coursera for offering this amazing course. Thank you so much !
El curso es muy bueno, particularmente estoy muy agradecido con COURSERA, por darme la oportunidad de hacer los cinco cursos de la Especialización en Deep Learning con ayuda economica y permitirme tener acceso a este tipo de capacitacion y certificacion. Muchas Gracias…!The course is very good, particularly I am very grateful to COURSERA, for giving me the opportunity to do the five courses of the Deep Learning Specialization with financial aid and allowing me to have access to this type of training and certification. Thank you very much!
Course if fantastic starters, taking a mathematical approach to the design of NN. Assignments and quizzes are good as well. However, The format of downloadable course materials need to be improved. It would be nice to see all the documents in one file for a certain Week, instead of downloading files separately. Basically the download format of ML course was much consistent and good for quick referencing. But nonetheless, 5 stars because above is just my personal preference which has nothing compared to quality and content of the course.
This is truly the best course for those who want to start learning Deep Learning. Our Instructor Andrew Ng , he is amazing!!! . The way he teaches all the concepts are really good , the programming exercises were really helpful.This is a well structured course right from logistic regression to implementing Deep Neural Network.Overall I really enjoyed learning this course and will continue learning this specialization and apply my knowledge to real world problems. A big thank you to my Instructor Andrew Ng and Thank you Coursera team .
I've been interested in learning NN and ML for a long time and Coursera finally provided this opportunity for me to do it in a timely manner. The time was very limited for such a wide topic, however, I believe they deserve a 5-star for how they managed to benefit such a limited time in a very efficient way. Andrew Ng is one of the best teachers I've had. He's both very knowledgeable, explains the concepts in a simple language, and he's very humble at the same time! Looking forward to getting more courses with him and with Coursera ...
Pros:Pragmatic presentation of fundamental mechanics of feed forward networks. In particular I appreciated the clean tutorial of the ndarray vectorized implementations.Cons:The one feedback I would give is that the coding exercises had a lot of hand-holding. For a specific suggestion: some of the "asserts" used for checking correctness give away the answer. I suggest refactoring the checks to be private methods invoked in the notebook but implemented server-side. That way they can be inserted in the code without leaking the solution.
Amazing stuff. I've been looking for a good introduction to Neural Networks, looked through a lot of tutorials and blog posts (of which there are multitudes these days, since Deep Learning is all the rage now) which only confused me more, and finally decided to take on a full-blown course. Turns out, once somebody like Andrew Ng explains this stuff, it's no longer mysterious and convoluted. Note, that it's better if you're at least familiar with matrices and vectors from calculus before taking this course since NN are all about it.
Excellent course, good balance between theory and practice. The teacher thoroughly explains all the elements of deep learning before you're given the programming assignments. He gives you both the theory and the brief overview of how it all works. The programming assignments are designed so that you only focus on the "neural networks and deep learning elements", you won't have to worry about programming environments or what libraries to use, which saves a lot of time and gets you going on the most important aspects of the course.
Wonderful course.At the beginning it even seems to be too simplified (course team explains everything and structures the code for you). But this is just an illusion. Closer to the last week you start understanding that multiple reherasing of the basic neural network concepts is key for conscious understanding. And that structured code is wonderful (in Russia it's not practiced =(( ). Separate thanks for backpropagation explanation with computation graph. That was very helpful.I'll definitely recommend this course to other people.
This was a grate learning experience,I have not seen a single tutorial that has covered building Neural Network from scratch  like this one.Perfect combination of code and the underlying concepts have been explained in a very intuitive manner.The additional part "Heroes of Deep Learning " was very much inspiring. The discussion forum was great I've learnt a few additional things from there. Thank you sir for providing such a quality course,I'm very much satisfied with the quality of content and as well as the method of teaching.
As someone with a strong background in mathematics and a good programming skills, I found the course level rather "basic" and I could quickly absorb all the lecture's material. I found the materials extremely interesting and well organized. The assignments, though rather straightforward (implementing what has been explained, nothing more) were difficult enough to made me feel I was "building" something. And then, the possibility to experiment and play with the code was also great. Overall, a very good corse, thank you professor!
Sometimes it's difficult to connect to the server when doing the programming exercises. The course is well structured. However, the programming exercises can sometimes be confusing because there are quite a few "helper" functions in the deep learning algorithm. Students may need to consistently refer back to the help functions defined earlier to implement the final learning algorithm. Overall, it'a great introductory course. Andrew has given very clear explanations and useful pointers when implementing deep learning in practice.
It was a nice experience with a such a experienced and well knowledge supervisor. Who just started right from the beginning and then distributed the course in easy chunks so that all the content remain understandable to every type of learner. I thanks specially to Higher Education Commission of Pakistan who has offered such a splendid course to increase our domain knowledge and also thankful to supervisor and coursera team who have done such a excellent offer to spread the knowledge by using most modern techniques of learning.
This course is my first in Deep Learning and has been very interesting for me. The inclusion of the notebooks and grading are a very useful touch. Andrew does a good job trying to abstract away the complexity of Deep Learning, but it still does require some understanding of programming (python), calculus (mostly derivatives), and matrices/linear algebra. For someone new like myself, I find that I often need to pause the video, take notes, and also just rewatch lectures multiple times before I start to understand the material.
First of all, Prof. Andrew N.g delivered an excellent course. And I am grateful to be able to take this course under the financial aid support. So big thanks to Coursera team and Andrew Ng. And for me personally, I understood better in Deep Learning and some techniques behind it. I have mastered the basics of Python Numpy package, and therefore I now know how to make an L-layer deep neural net by using python codes and apply it to a binary classification application.  I will continue to learn more... Thanks again! So much!!
NN&DL is much shorter and much easier than Dr. Ng's original ML course, and the material overlaps a lot.  I finished the course in 2 days (not 4 weeks).  As always, Dr. Ng's explanations are clear, and the material is beautifully organized.  I felt the answers to the assignments were a little too easy.  Not really a lot of thinking required.  The interviews with the "heroes" of Deep Learning were fantastic.  Their ideas about the future were very inspirational.  I am looking forward to the next course in the specialization.
It was a wonderful course to get started with Artificial Intelligence and Machine learning.Those concepts of forward ,backward propogation, relu and sigmoid function was really new and helpful to get insight of what happens behind the scenes of machine learning algorithms many concepts were new and typical but Sir Andrew did a great effort and explained them in a way that everyone can understand it. I highly recommend as a student to take this course and challenge your skills with what you can do to contribute in AI world.
This course is a very good kick-start for learners in deep learning. Prof. Andrew Ng explanation covered most of the details required for building neural nets and the programming assignments gave a clear idea on working of the neural nets. I got stuck at some point in programming assignments, later I completed it successfully before the course ends. I experienced the same excitement from starting till the end of the course. Thanking coursera for also providing financial aid. Looking forward to complete this specialisation.
This was such a helpful lecture. It is very well organized, and great for all learners with various backgrounds. I was very surprised with the diversity of people who take this course. The discussion forum on this course is absolutely fantastic. You can find all the possible problems/questions you might run into, and they are all answered by numerous mentors on this course. I highly recommend this course to anyone that are looking forward to start deep learning/ai. I am actually anxious to start the next course materials.
I loved that this course married both a 'top-down' and 'bottom-up' approach. I started my deep learning journey with FastAI (not to slight Jeremy, he is a phenomenal teacher and I understand the logic behind his teaching style), however was craving some 'lower-level' concepts out of part 1 WITH math notation. I thought this course did a great job of finding a medium between these ideas: starting with something lower level + math notation, but also providing practical notebooks and algos with working model implementations.
The main take away for me from this course is to learn how to systematically denote various quantities involved in deep-learning such that they can be recognized later without any confusion (e.g. dW is gradient of cost with respect to W and so on..) and to learn how to structure a code to implement any deep neural network. Also, from data analytics perspective, I learnt about the limited representational capabilities of simple models like logistic regression and why deep networks tend to work better than shallower models.
It's a very good beginner level course on the basics of deep learning. Back propagation has been explained very well. The intuition and derivations of mathematical formulae are not too deep but can definitely be researched in text books. The assignments involve a lot of hand holding which is fine. One can attempt the assignment all over again in their own Jupyter notebook but this time write the entire code from scratch (referring to the assignments only when needed). The assignments also teach the best coding practices.
The course is really well structured, Andrew's lectures are really very easy to understand and on top of that, he also goes over certain topics more than once so that reinforces your learning . The assignments  and quizzes are very well organized so you should not have any issues or ambiguities when submitting them. I was interested in the Neural networks topic since being an "old school" grad in Computer Science , at the time this field was not even in the syllabus of the universities so this certainly filled the gap !
Loved the course. Big Big thanks to Andrew Ng for teaching the concepts of Neural Networks right from scratch with the great explanation and step by step deriving the equations and explaining each n every bit. I have taken other courses on Machine Learning and Neural Networks but no one has taught the concepts like this. You must take this course if you want to learn the concepts of Neural Networks. The python exercises are also very informative and helps you learning and building the whole neural network from scratch.
Thanks for Coursera for make this online education, letting more people to get to learn thing they interested. Professor Andrew Ng make this course very easy to understand, although you have a poor knowledge about the math. Besides the assignment was much easier than I thought, what you need to finish is the some few core code, and the whole structure was finishe to guide to finishe the whole project, after several testing and reviewing, you would finish it by yourself and have a better understanding about this course.
The course starts from the basic structure, which make it very easy to understand. But very good courses can also have some small shortcomings:1.Lectures slides is not provided 2.It aims at very large population, so those who want to do research may need to dig deeper themselves(I suggest learners focus not only on the code you are required write, but also the whole network) 3.The programming exercise is a little bit repetitive. But overall, this course is still very helpful and efficient for beginners, thanks Prof.Ng!
Really great way to learn about neural networks for both beginners as well as intermediates. The programming exercise with partially per-written code is very helpful and helps save a lot of time in coding so that students can focus on the important parts of the exercise, something which many online courses do not do, A big thanks to Prof. Andrew Ng for incorporating the heros of deep learning as an optional part of the course which helps students get motivated and understand where deep learning processes can be used.
The theory was laid down nice and easily even when maths started to get involved. The theory also tied up quite well into the practical assignments. One think that could be improved is the quizzes at the end of each video. I quite enjoyed them on Week1 and they do not seem to be consistent throughout the remaining weeks. Even having quizzes where the answers might not have been mentioned in class but they can be easily found with a bit of research (as long as the reading is worth it) could be an interesting addition.
I would like to rate this course with a mark of 4.5/5 (although I rated it with all the stars). Overall, the course setting and content are great. Andrew does tell everything intuitively! It would be a great course for anyone who has certain background knowledge about neural network and deep learning. However, the only thing that I would probably suggest is that maybe we can make the programming assignment more challenging. But anyway, this is a wonderful course! I am looking forward to stepping into the next course!
A very nice introduction to neural networks. The build-up form logistic regression to a deep network was executed very well, and allowed me to attain a good initial understanding of ANN's. My feedback would be to include a bit more optional video's/written materials on the derivation of all the formula's (especially vectorized back propagation). Having some calculus experience I managed to do the derivations myself, but I think it would be nice if the derivation is explained somewhere clearly in some sort of appendix
Amazing course. It was well paced and structured. The programming assignments were fun and intuitive. It would have been nice to have had a few more optional ungraded programming assignments though so we could try our luck with different kinds of problems. I especially enjoyed Professor Ng's explanation of forward and backward propagation in computation graphs . It was very intuitive. It would also be nice if the lectures could have links to some of the literature behind the algorithms  and concepts discussed in them
Superb course. Not only is Professor Andrew Ng a colossal scholar, but he is a brilliant teacher and knows how to get complex deep learning concepts to anyone who has basic math (algebra and calculus) skills. He also brings out the insight and intuition into why deep learning works. And the course is so very well designed and the programming exercises so thoroughly and precisely crafted. I enjoyed every minute of doing this first course in the series and look forward to the remaining courses in the series. Cheers Ram
Great course, the material was clearly presented with alternating between high level and actual coding implementations. The interviews with practitioners were really insightful. More references to some of the background on things like linear algebra or other math topics would be great. Some tricky parts of the programming assignments, despite much of the code laid out for you. They definitely helped me -- an experienced coder who hasn't looked at that much math in a long time -- on some of the higher level concepts.
Deeply sighed by Andrew Ng, learning this course is a great way to enjoy the process. Among them, the check-in benefits of programming settings can consolidate and enhance understanding of what you have learned. The program in week4, when I was not learning, I wanted to write a neural network that could configure the number of layers arbitrarily. Under the leadership of Ng God, the work is very comfortable. This program can also be ported in other projects in the future. outstanding. I really like the series. thank.
I loved this course. The course builds the conceptual understanding and maths to build a functioning Neural Network from scratch using just python and numpy. I would recommend people wishing to take this course first take Andrew Ngs Machine Learning course on coursera and pay particular attention to the first 3-4 lectures that build up your visual intuition for ML and Logistic Regression. Now that I know the basics I'm looking forward to completing the remaining courses on the specialisation to improve my knowledge.
This is really an excellent course. In particular the notebooks are very well done. I passed the course but have to admit that I still need to go back to be fully clear on the dimensions of the vectors and matrix as well as how all the helper functions we implemented play together. But this is what I was looking for. An example where you really get through the network development and understand step by step what is happening. Thank you Andrew and team. I am looking forward to the other courses of the specialization.
The course has been designed brilliantly with not just easy to understand lecture material(and hands-on Python based labs) but also very practical and informative interviews with some of the pioneers in Deep Learning domain. It's worth every minute I spent on it. As always, Prof Andrew and his teaching staff managing the discussion forums are very knowledgeable, well-read and (most importantly) eager to help others learn. Thanks Coursera for approving my financial aid so I could finish this extraordinary course! :)
Great course! Super clear and easy to follow lectures and assignments. Love that we learned a thorough mathematical basis for almost everything behind deep learning (other than some complicated derivatives). I would gladly recommend to anyone trying to learn the basics of deep learning. The programming assignments were also incredibly convenient (Jupyter notebooks in browser), though it might help to give students a quick intro on debugging in Python (I was already familiar with ipdb and used pdb in the notebooks).
It's the perfect course to start with understanding of neural networks. The way the concepts are explained, multiple times starting from shallow level to a deep level and are converged at the right place is amazing. The quizzes and programming assignments are well structured. The course spans over 4 weeks but can be completed in couple of days. The programming assignments are hand-held with lots of documentation and hence reprogramming the assignment without the jupyter notebook is recommended post the completion.
The teaching of Andrew NG is very educational - he builds all the necessary information about calculus into the lectures step-by-step, and repeats the confusing notation syntax over and over. This gets almost seamlessly translated into the programming exercises. Only on rare occasions, the python code is not updated, e.g. it misses the ravel() transformations required for some variables. Overall, this course deserves a sixth star for super good integration between the theory videos and the programming assignments.
A very enjoyable and effective introduction into Deep Learning!  The most important concepts are first introduced and immediately after practised to program your own simple Deep Learning Networks.  Interviews with some of the most famous Deep Learning practitioners help to put the learned material into context.  The only thing which I could imagine to make this course even better would be a written summary the student could print out to have the material available for later use and repetition.  Highly recommended!
Great foundational course. A minor feedback - the crux of the programming assignments are the way we should approach structuring the problem (including defining helper functions, etc.). Perhaps the assignment could be further broken down (as an optional exercise) where the student is made to come up with the design choices for the functions as well. This will help students gain a great understanding of the various blocks that go in building these models, which will be helpful when they do it for themselves later.
Thanks Andrew. I really enjoy this course. Although there are plenty of knowledgeable lecturers in Coursera, a few of them know the teaching skills like Andrew. I specially took your course since I had taken Andrew's ML course in 2013 as well, and I knew how patient he is and how well he can teach to anybody with different level of knowledge. Assignments were challenging but clear. The checkpoint helps a lot and make sure learners if they made a mistake, they would not lost. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year <3
Really good course. Andrew is clear, and provides a great introduction to structured deep learning. I feel that some extra videos showing the full calculus behind back propagation would be helpful for those who want it. However these can be found elsewhere on the internet if you look around. Assignments are pretty good, with a few things I would nitpick - however as long as your methods return the correct outputs, you can rewrite the internals as you desire. Heroes of deep learning extra videos were interesting.
I've taken other machine learning courses before and I was somewhat familiar with neural networks before taking the course. The error backpropagation technique was something I couldn't get my head around intuitively. But, after finishing the graded exercises in this course, such ideas are well cemented in my mind. Andrew does an excellent job of controlling the mathematical jargon from overwhelming beginners. I would definitely recommend this course to anyone who wants a hands-on experience with neural networks.
In my honest opinion, I found this course to be extremely well organized. The concepts put forward are done so in a manner that does not overwhelm most of the students but it also provides just enough challenges to those of us that are interested to further explore the algorithms and the mathematics behind them, if need be. Andrew Ng is by far my favorite educator of all time and I feel truly blessed to live in a time that allows me the opportunity to learn from the wisdom and know-how of such brilliant minds.
Definitely a satisfying course for beginner. If you don't have any experience on neural network and deep learning, this is an excellent place to get started. Videos are great with full explanation on topic and Professor Ng keeps telling "don't be scared by math or python notations". I spend about 6 hours for first coding assignment and learned a lot on details to get thing right. After that, I just feel much better on following assignments. Cannot wait to start course 2. Thanks everyone to provide this course!
Fantastic course. Andrew has always been instructive and can explain complicated things in a simple way. The assignment codes are very well structured and with the skeleton outlined it's not that difficult to finish the homeworks. But building from scratch is another level of challenge and I'll try that after the course. Also the back propagation mathematical induction is not covered here. The math part is also good to learn when I have time, but I guess I'm more interested in the application of Deep Learning.
I am a fan of all courses delivered by Andrew Ng. This one gives a thorough understanding of shallow and deep Neural Networks. After the course, you can be sure to have a sound understanding of how a model is built from scratch. The assignments are also organized in a way to reduce your effort on redundant tasks like creating the structure of functions. The focus is only on having you write the code that tests your understanding. I really enjoyed this course and I am looking forward to the next one. Thanks :)
Following the lectures and completiong quizzes and programming assignments puts the student through rigorous math, the math in the course is overwhelming at a college math/engineering level - but as the student continues throughout the course, the redundancy of theory does get absorbed and by the end of the course the student develops a solid understanding of the course material. The programming assignments implement full scale deep layer neural networks with practical applications to illustrate the concepts.
This was an amazing with a lot of new and interesting things to learn. I am really glad that I decided to take it. Its approach toward neural networks is quite easily understandable and allows oneself to use those concepts as he wishes. The programming assignments are a really big help as well. You can learn all the math but without the programming skills, there is hardly any point in doing deep learning. A special thanks to Prof. Andrew Ng. I was already a fan, but this course was just amazing. Thanks a lot.
Great course!!! The best online course I have ever taken! I enjoyed almost every day I participated in that course, really an educational treasure! It is so comprehensive and detailed at the same time. Due to the good presentation of the topics it was really understandable. The only thing I would wish for future participants: please make it easier to get the complete Jupyter notebook environments from the Coursera platform once completed. I spent a lot of time here - even after consuming the related blogs.
The intro course has been a phenomenal experience learning. The concepts were clearly explained along with derivations. I thank Coursera, Andrew Ng and all others who were involved in this for taking this massive step in teaching deep learning and AI. I would be happy to take more practical oriented courses under this banner especially computer vision, NLP, AI in specific. Another suggestion from me would be to include lessons on building neural networks from libraries like tensorflow, pytorch, keras etc.
Very helpful course. Great, well prepared assignments! Even without python knowledge I was able to code essential parts of algorithms. Practical assignments were really good reward at the and of each week and a motivation for me to keep going.  You will not be forced to learn python in parallel but occasionally I have to read library reference guide to debug. I also installed python locally to test syntax and get more in, but it is not necessary,  provided python jupyter notebooks is also usable for this.
Thank you for the easy-to-follow content. The explanation about back propagation in details is great. The Python code is elegant and should be a good starting point for learners to make more progress in expanding it.Some time assignment submission gave errors even there is no problem with networking issue. This definitely need to be improved, or learners need to resubmit many times.If you need translation of the course to Vietnamese language, let me know. I will do it for free, for my Vietnamese students.
A great introduction to neural networks! The videos and assignments were helpful, and the repetition helps things sink in. I would've preferred more mathematical rigor and a little less hand-holding in the assignments, but I understand that this course is meant to appeal to a wider audience and it does a good job of being approachable. I particularly enjoyed the weekly "Heroes of Deep Learning" videos, and tips and pros/cons of studying machine learning in industry vs. academia. I'd recommend this course.
It is a relly nice course, well explained as Andrew Ng. has always done. Because it is still a new course, there are few erratas of course, but those are being already corrected. I suggest a lot to take the Machine Learning course by Stanford University here on Coursera first, unless you already know about Neural networks, since sometimes there are things that you should know. These kind of courses have made me going really deep into Data Science and I'm quire sure this specialization will help. Thanks !
Thanks a lot Dr. Andrew NG. According to me, this course ranks very high in terms of course content, delivery and practical assignments in Python. Specially, the assignments are designed in such a way that almost all the concepts are revisited and the conceptual understanding is re-intensified during the assignments. The assignments also help us to understand how a neural network can be implemented in practice in a systematic way by breaking it into subcomponents, which is the most enriching experience.
Excellent class, wonderful instructor and extensive practice problems. The theoretical explanations on deep networks are very thorough with the math behind it. Unlike other deep learning courses that take shortcuts with using pre-made keras or pytorch libraries, this course went through the math behind the functions and then went on to build them with python from scratch. The exercises are also well prepared with clear notes and test functions to make sure the codes work as intended. Highly recommended!
I hope instructor could fix the notation in back prop. I think this should be easy, because he  just need to stick a red color comments beside in the video. One big misleading is by back prop:Because the notation for back propagation algorithm presented in the lectures treats dA and dZ differently from dW and db(I ignored layer l index in my notation). Namely, 'dA' and 'dZ' are always computing the derivatives dL/dA and dL/dZ respectively, but 'dW' and 'db' are computing the derivatives dJ/dW and dJ/db.
Again an awesome course ,hats off to NG for this brilliant series of courses.One thing which i liked so much was the interview session with Ian ,Peter etc.Came to know about further research and development going in Field of ML & DL.i liked the way Ng has put up  the lucid explanation of vectorized implementation and how to do random initialization.And the ending was super with  DNN for image classification.Its a good experienced learning so far with Prof Andrew.Thanks & looking forward to next course .
I took Andrew's Machine Learning course but was never able to complete the course. This time I have completed this course and hope to complete the remaining 4 as well.Andrew has been very successful in developing the intuition for the neural networks and once it becomes intuitive it's all imagination.I loved all the interviews with "Heroes of deep learning". To be honest, I never knew about any one of them prior to those interviews. It is great to know the best people in the industry. Thank You Everyone
a basic course, given the depth of mathematics it discusses. One good thing in the course is the frequency of the practical assignments, however, I feel the course needs one small project where each student writes the whole program on his own to get used to the whole process, rather than just implementing the functions. One thing I believe needs to be added, is to offer hints as an Optional thing, so that some people feel challenged (as well as grasping the idea in a deeper way hehe) during the course.
Awesome Course for Diving into the World of Deep Learning and AI. ANDREW NG Sir Explains the Concepts  of Neural Networks in such an Excellent Way so that they are Understood Easily and also in Depth.  Also, the Programming Assignments are Well Designed so that you can Understand the Concepts Deeply and Practically Apply them in Python. A little notion of Machine Learning is required to make more sense but you will still understand the concepts.Huge Thanks to Him for Creating such a Great Platform!!!
The whole course had an excellent pace and covered all the vital topics in great detail. Being an engineer myself it was easy to grasp the principles of forward and backward propagation, the chain rule of differentiation. Using python program was also a great plus. Though I have some programming experience I had never sued python before. Lastly I would like to Professor Andrew NG. His sounds so cool and peaceful, and puts the students in relaxed mode, ,thus improving the learning experience manyfolds
I am software engineer looking to expand my skill set to cover Deep Learning. I first learned that Andrew NG was a big reference on AI when I read Life 3.0. Then I searched about him and found he has a DL course on coursera and so I didn't even hesitated. This is my first course in Coursera. I found the classes super smooth to follow as Andrew NG introduces the topics in a very easy to understand way. I am super excited to cover the next courses. Thank you so much for sharing your knowledge this way!
Beginner friendly course. This is Andrew's Ng first but very important course and that is prerequisite of next courses of same specialization. Assignments are well designed by instructor very helpful to understand the 
theoretical material. Assignments designed according to real world problems like image classification. Well effort by instructor that makes easy all the difficult topics for us and thanks to coursera team that providing us such a great platform where we learn something new at any time.
Professor Andrew Ng's teaching style is simply amazing! I was able to absorb the material fairly quickly and reinforce my learning with very well structured exercises. I, now, have the confidence that Deep Learning is no rocket science. It is pure mathematics and art at play! If your algebra fundamentals are in place and you are creative, there is no better path to AI than Deep Learning. Believe me, when you start "getting" DL concepts, it quickly grows on you and you are addicted to its philosophy!
So happy I completed the first course in the series of Deep Learning.  I got a great foundation for how neural networks work, with good instruction, good illustrations, and plenty of resources.  The lab notebooks are particularly well-written, with thoughtful instruction and step-by-step application of what we learn each week.  Outputs have "expected" outputs shown below, so you know if you're on the right track or not.  Overall very happy with this course.  It's a good bit of work, but so worth it.
An excellent that covers the fundamental required for deep learning. Professor Andrew Ng gives an excellent intuition behind the inner workings of deep learning and practical guides for implementation with the help of the assignments. I found the heroes of machine learning section to be the icing on the cake as it gave a broad overview of the latest developments in the field of deep learning. To anyone who wants to get an insight into this wonderful domain, I would definitely recommend this course.
Terrific intro to neural networks! The instruction was very clear on the steps that made up NN/DL algorithms and very easy to follow.  I really liked how the programming examples were explicit in what made up the algorithms, and then there were test cases for each section of the code. This made it easy to step-debug through the code, rather than waiting until the code is complete and running into a bug and having to try and trace back through the entire notebook. Thanks for putting this together.
Great topic, well organized, and very understandable.  Tests and assignments are structured very well and are completely doable.I get the dynamic aspect of writing the lecture notes in the videos, however the lecture notes should be "cleaned up" in the downloadable files (i.e., typos corrected and typed up).  Additionally, the notes written in the video could be written and organized more clearly (e.g., uniform directional flow across the page/screen rather than randomly fit wherever on the page.
Although there are many pre-written codes, I think this course gave a good and easy image how neural net is confirmed and works to a beginner.  Some more things I also wanted are  explanations or texts for how to prepare datasets (image data, in this case), and some other usages, not just distinguishing images but sounds or texts and so on too. But maybe image is most easy example for a person who really don't know well about math or program.   I still want to get next courses for further study.
Extremely helpful course. I got a good and depth knowledge about the Neural Network, Activation Function, Vector and Matrices, Forward and Backward propagation, Parameters and Notation. The main thing I love with this course is the implementation of theory and examples practically on the code. While you are going through the course, I will suggest you to take notes and revise it again and again. Otherwise, you will definitely confuse in many portions of the course. Thanks to Professor Andrew Ng.
The course offers indepth knowledge about neural networks from its basic building blocks to large deep learning models. Andrew Ng is definately one of the best teachers and his specialisation in Machine Learning is simply unparalled. The simple explainations and helpful tips throughout the assignments help a lot in establishing confidence while solving them. Highly recommend this course to anyone who wishes to understand the components of a neural network along with larger deep learning models.
This course is amazing. Andrew is an amazing teacher, you can see that he loves explaining this topic and understands it very well so he know how to put things simply. You may feel lost from time to time but the things that you may hardly comprehend are consistently reminded throughout the course. This gave me a great insight into the field of deep learning and I'm looking forward to learn more about it. I highly recommand this course to anyone who has basic coding knowledge and interest in AI.
The course is excellent.
Andrew Ng is an expert on the field and explains everything in good detail. The
course reminded me of my econometrics classes. It is always key to get your
neck behind the mathematical part in ML/AI to fully understand the effects of
your decisions as a data scientist. I love this course for giving me these
details. The Programming assignments
where very useful to check your understanding. It took me some time here and
there, but I went out with a better understanding.
This is my first deep learning course on coursera and I got in depth understanding about various concepts by taking up this course . As I am new to this domain, lectures gave me a clear insight and mathematical background behind deep learning. I enjoyed a lot in coding the concepts learned using Jupiter notebook and its like addiction and I cannot  stop until I finish certain assignment exercise. Thanks a lot for this wonderful course and I hope to learn more courses of same caliber in future.
This was a very enjoyable course! It was very practically oriented, so everyone with some basic knowledge about machine learning, programming and neural networks could complete the course without too much of math background. I know this may seem as a disadvantage as well, but I think having good chance to do cool projects (because the programming assignments are cool) can motivate to further study of presented papers and textbooks well and eventually maybe use the concepts in research or work.
I checked some courses on other websites and the reviews were not that great. Most often, they don't cover the basics and only explain what Python functions do. This course is awesome. It covers the fundamentals of DL like a college class. This course is particularly appropriate if you have 0 knowledge of AI (and what to learn Python at the same time). Some sections are pretty basic (ex. calculus capsules), but you can skip them. There are 5 courses in the specialization. I highly recommend !
Great course to get hands on into implementation of neural network. It forces you to learn everything from scratch. Also I liked the notation used, and the clarity with which Andrew Ng explains the concepts.Just one thing though, if the coding assignments had given much more work to us to figure out and do ourselves that would've been much more challenging. I felt that often the instructions given just before the exercise were pretty much a giveaway in terms of what code needs to be written.
Excellent intro course to deep learning. Andrew does a good job of taking students through the basics all the way to the development of a deep neural network. I particularly liked his depiction and explanation of the forward prop, back prop process through the graph. The assignments are challenging and superbly structured such that with some thought and effort you can succeed and actually implement the whole network. I would highly recommend this course to anyone curious about deep learning.
The course is pretty thorough with the theory as well as with the practicals. However, I did feel that I would have understood the implementation procedure much better if there was one more programming assignment per week. Regardless, I was able to follow the course and I'm excited to take the next course in the specialization. I feel like you would be able to follow this course much much easier if you have a good amount of experience with Python and at least a basic understanding of numpy.
After complete the Machine Learning Course, this one has been  more easy to complete than it and, thanks to Python programming, easy to align with other related courses where there are programming assignments. In addition, it's a pleasure to follow trainings delivered by Andre Ng. His teaching quality is outstanding. The only "but" is that I missed to use DNN with multiple classification and not only binary classification. Probably it will be covered in next courses into the specialization.
Course is nicely constructed. If you have 2-3 days without other commitments (I didn't) you can finish it very fast including all the - non-required - computations on paper. Coding excersises are well designed although not very demanding. Additional, more complex (bonus) excercises would for a nice add-on to the main course. The only problem I have with the course is that I must wait 4 weeks for the next step, despite finishing the first stage during the first week. I do not understand why.
I can not express the amazing professor Andrew is. He is capable to explain complex concepts in a way anyone could understand. I would also like to say that the assignments of this course are amazing. They have taken a lot of time to create the Python notebooks and to match every single line of code with what was showed in the lectures. It's almost impossible not to get confident with Neural Networks after you have completed all of them.My sincere congratulations to all the teaching staff.
Absolutely wonderful! I have strong math and CS background. I can see this course can be learned by many people from many background. VERY helpful. I cannot say enough good things about it! Thank you so much!!The only one thing is that it will be great if the homework assignment deadline can be even more flexible. I work full time and I have a big family. I have been working holidays and weekends to get the course done. It will be nice if the deadlines are more flexible for people like us.
Awesome course. The teaching style of writing down each small step made it easier for me to understand complicated concepts. Previously I had taken the ML course. Here, the course starts with a simple logistic regression as neural network then 2 layer NN and multiple layer NN. The assignment projects have clear explanation to guide through the assignment projects. The forums are a great help to find cause for errors  etc. Thank you Prof. Ng. Looking forward to other courses in this series.
Excellent course! Concepts were explained very clearly and concisely. I really appreciated how much detail the instructor went into. A lot of courses and resources tend to brush over important concepts and just focus on practical applications. It helped a lot to learn the nitty-gritty details that make neural networks work. The assignments were reasonably easy and informative. Only possible improvement for me would be to have more detailed explanations of the calculus behind the networks.
A great introduction to machine learning using neural networks. This course provides a general overview of the mechanism of prediction and optimization of the prediction (gradient decent) using a neural network. The hands-on approach and the minimal lecture videos makes the course interesting. (I think there might be a way to revolutionize the concept of Discussion Forums to make the learning more interactive with fellow learners but I don't know how so I don't blame the course creators!)
It's a very good course for beginers in machine learning. Every theoritical aspect of Neural network was explained brilliantly by instructor. Andrew is perfect in his job. But i was little bit disappointed in programming exercises because i don't know much about Python so i didn't understand some of its functions and mainly its imported libraries of Jupyter notebook. There should be one more class or at least a document to explain the libraries and function used in programming exercises.
Neural Networks and Deep Learning course has been a great learning experience, I had high level idea about how a Neural Network works, having used on structured data before through packages and libraries. But after completing this course and building a neural network from scratch using only numpy library, I now have a good understanding and intuition about why a neural network works. Kudos to Andrew Ng and his team for putting together the content and assignments. This course is helpful.
Another excellent course by Andrew Ng. His instruction style is detailed, without getting into the weeds. The lectures provide enough background so that people with (like me) and without detailed linear algebra backgrounds can understand how these algorithms work. There is also plenty of resources available for helping with programming and other details of implementing these strategies. Highly recommended if you want to learn more about neural networks and how to actually implement them.
This is a great course for AI and ML enthusiasts to start learning and making deep learning models. The explanation technique is really good, which makes learning it even more interesting and involved. The programming assignments are intuitive and involving. All in all, if you want to start out in Deep Learning, this is the place for you.It doesn't matter if you don't know or want to learn the complicated mathematics involved in this field, because Andrew Ng has you covered for that :D
This is another excellent course from Andrew Ng. After doing his Coursera Octave based initial Machine Learning course I thought I might get up to date to Python /Numpy techniques. As usual it was excellent. Assignments were not too difficult and you can resubmit multiple times (both quizzes and programming assignments). Being able to use iPython Notebooks is a great positive point. Installing Python3 + Tensorflow with GPU support took me a long while (just before starting the course).
Andrew Ng is an amazing instructor! This is the best explanation of deep learning and neural networks that I have come across. I love how he explains everything from the basics and still covers so much ground. I was intimidated by backward propagation before taking this course. But after going through this course, it seems it is just a fancy name for the chain rule I learned in high school calculus. Andrew's dedication to helping others learn shows in every lecture. He is a rock star!
Very complex concepts have been taught without assuming much mathematical background. Andrew is an extraordinary teacher. I aspire to become as good a teacher as him one day. Also the programming assignments are well designed. The Jupyter notebooks are extremely detailed and are very easy to follow. The interviews with the creators and developers of the field at the end of each week's material are invaluable. Over all, this course and the others in this specialization are outstanding.
A superb mathematical introduction to deep learning. Professor Ng and his team ensure that students gain a solid foundation in, and intuition for, the subject.In my opinion, students will find they are able to focus on the deep-learning algorithms a little more clearly if they are already comfortable with linear algebra and basic Python. Therefore I would recommend taking a course in Python and having a look at basic linear algebra in preparation for this course or in parallel to it.
Definitely the best introductory course I saw about Deep Learning! :)  Andrew is a great 👨‍🏫 lecturer, always emphasising  on the theoretical and practical concepts, developing first the right intuition  about the topics to further  tackle them with the formal approach and exercises  in Python. Great methodology as well :) from the simpler to the more complex:  it is almost impossible  to be lost in this course!:)  Thanks a lot Andrew and all the super team of this specialization!!
Very good introduction to machine learning. The basic mathematical foundation is taught and we actually implement a NN from scratch with Numpy. In other courses I made backprop was just rushed, here we have the opportunity of see what is going on and then proceed to abstract it away and use the automatic mechanisms different frameworks offer. Thanks very much Andrew and all the assistant professor for the very 'deep' and well explained coverage of the NN during this specialization.
This class is a great overview of NNs. I have experience programming NNs using TensorFlow, which I learned how to do by following tutorials and using others' open source code. For me, completing this course really fleshed out my understanding and intuition of the internal workings of a neural network. Solutions for the programming assignments are mostly copy-paste-style, but one must think about the equations to do it correctly. Thank you Andrew, and the others behind this course.
The course is very, very entertaining. I enjoyed it. I liked your style of presentation of the material and its selection. To be more concrete,  that's what I liked most:+ Practical Assignments+ Your explanation of hard topics in easy way+ Deep Learning Legends interviewsAndrew Ng, thank you for the interesting, informative course!  I can't stop watching your exciting lectures and solving interesting tasks and quizes. And now I am going to continue my Deep Learning Specialization!
Very well paced and great in terms of digestibility of the course material. The first course, given you have no issues with the Python syntactics, will help lay the foundation to the principles of deep learning. The bonus of every week is an interview with the stars of deep learning and neural networks. I am lucky I took the course several months after it's been commenced. So there are no errors and it's been a very smooth experience. Looking forward to starting the second course.
i didn't expect an online course to be so well made. i'm an automation engineering student, so i'm interested in detailed maths explanations, and the level of detail of this course is very good. although i would have preferred some more details on some arguments and calculations, that i had to research and compute myself, i understand that this course is not intended strictly for people with strong mathematical background. Congrats to the developers of this course and thank you!!
I tried many other courses but due to the level of mathematics in their i felt like i couldn't do it.This course has helped me a lot for getting the basic ideas of nueral networks and deep learning and the level of mathematics was also a lot better than other courses...Even if you have doubts while doing the course the 4th module will clear it all in the last...So i would suggest to all the people who are thinking to take the first step towards deep learning....Really loved it...
Best and best before this course I don't know about how these complex computation and how computer can compute all the derivative but now with Grace of Allah and this Course I am now satisfied with this course.. This coursers team and Andrew Ng for giving me this opportunity to become a data and machine engineer and know more about machine and AI and Deep learning.  I am thank full to you all. God Bless you keep this charity work for poor students who cannot afford these courses.
Teaches deep learning and neural networks foundations fundamentally and practically very efficiently, quite concisely. Notation standard a little busy but I think optimum. Only thing was the contradicting matrix representations of W and X from lecture notes to the Python notebook medium: Sometimes X has m rows and sometimes it has n_x rows, and sometimes W becomes its transpose, even in the vectorized for all data points cases. Though, in the end, it helps one pay more attention.
Great course. Well taught by Andrew Ng. All you need as prerequisite is a little understanding of Matrix Multiplication, derivatives, specially the chain rule  and a little programming experience. If one wants to understand things clearly, I suggest not to miss the optional videos. The interviews with other leaders in the field were informative as well except Geoffrey Hinton's interview which sounded a little high level for a beginner like me. I recommend this course to everyone.
I appreciate the work put in making this course so accessile. I loved seeing the equations and math done y Andrew Sir with hand. It helped me pause and do it myself and generate an interest in doing math and linear algera again. Thank you very much. The quiz qns are though not too hard however tricky enough. I liked the course structure too. I do think it would e helpful if you mention pre requisite courses in a specialization or if it's not required. Great course, recommend it.
The quality of the videos could be improved, but the quality of the explanations is excellent. I already knew many of the concepts introduced, but I really appreciate the detailed explanations by the instructor, and the tips acquired from his experience. The evaluation tests are OK, although a bit short to be honest. Practical knowledge is enforced by means of well constructed and very detailed exercises.  All in all this is a great course for beginners, I strongly recommend it.
This is an excellent course. I have read tons of the tutorials of deep learning on the other sites. But only this course gives detailed explanation of all the steps. Of course with notebook style step-by-step programming, and Professor Ng's gracious lecture, one will find this course is definitely one of the best Deep Learning Courses available these days. I also very much like Professor Ng's practical suggestions for how to apply Deep Learning principles for real applications.
It was great understanding how programs can learn to do 'simple' tasks for humans, the steps and models and how they perform comparatively.In this specific example, on interpreting images it seems however bizarre that a program needs thousands of trials and hundreds of images to classify the image. This seems much more easy to learn for a person.Thanks for the course, it is great to have reached a basic understanding of it!It was tough to use/learn vectorization in python... :)
Andrew Ng as usual is superb at teaching this course. Providing intuitive explanations, which for this topic is super helpful. The programming assignments are good but the implementation of the last NN assignment uses a slightly different model than what Andrew Ng uses in his slides, which makes things really confusing at first. It would help if the person implementing the code for testing adds a note saying how the nn model is different. That would save people countless hours.
A very good course for beginners hoping to get into deep learning. Professor Andrew NG makes Deep Learning theorems easy to understand and gives easy to understand examples where the theorems apply. Moreover, the graded programming assignments and quizzes help to solidify understanding of the knowledge gathered through the video lectures. The forums are there for anyone who gets lost or confused. Highly recommended for anyone whose interested to get started with Deep Learning.
After finishing first course from Andrew, I've found this one much simpler to understand, especially the back propagation; This might be because this course was solely oriented to neural networks (leaving behind linear regression or unlabeled learning algorithms), and that on the previous course I've already had to rationalize the back prop process.Anyway, the explanations are much clearer on this course, the only thing I miss is the Errata section, tutorials and week's notes.
The course is clear and to the point. Even though the Neural Networks is a tough topic to understand, Andrew is very good at explicating it in simple terms. Assignments could be a lot more lengthy, what I meant was rather than just changing the simple lines of code. Design the entire function could make the assignment a bit hard and also make us understand the problems we will face while writing the code. And also how to write the entire Neural Networks algorithm on our own.
This is an excellent introductory course for artificial neural networks. The programming assignments are very helpful for solidifying the knowledge gathered from the video. I love the fact that most of the code is already done as boilerplate code and the learner gets to implement just the part of code that requires his/her concept of deep/machine learning. This way learner can focus on building his expertise in deep learning without being an expert in programming beforehand.
This was again an excellent course on the basics of how to deal with building a L-Layer MLP or NN. Working in python and numpy in Jupyter really helped. Solving the mechanics of the problem, especially in regards to tricks of matrix, vector sizes, rank arrays and piece by piece model building methodology really helped. I am ever thankful to Coursera , Dr. Ng and the fantastic team. Just a suggestion: make the programming exercise a little harder (like the original ML course)
This course teaches you the deep learning and neural network algorithms from the scratch of mathematics. You can actually get the intuition of the algorithms and understand how it is working. Also, the assignments are very helpful to create understanding and practicing the lessons learned in the theory part. I am really impressed by Dr. Andrew Ng's way of teaching and explaining one of the most complex parts of Calculus and Mathematics involved in Deep Learning. Thank you !!
Absolutely the best presentation of neural networks I've heard. The way Andrew Ng organizes the material, thoroughly giving intuitions and building up concepts from simple single case implementation to vectorized implementation gives you the confidence to tackle the course from start to end. The most annoying thing for me were the little bugs with the coding assignments that resulted in an assignment being marked as 0 despite running and yielding the same results as written.
Great lectures put together by Andrew and team. Also found the programming exercises to be useful and informative using the Jupyter notebooks. Also, as someone working a full-time job, I really appreciate the balance between breadth and depth. The coursera team has made it very easy for me to pop open the courses for maybe an hour a day and continue where I left off at another time. The ease and simplicity are one of the key reasons I'm able to continue taking these courses.
A fabulous introduction to Deep Learning. What amount of thought that has gone into building this course is evident. The programming exercises were easy, but that's not a bad thing. I don't want to get demoralized by an exceptionally tough programming exercise right up-front. They were easy, but not trivial. The code blocks were exceptionally well thought out and the notebooks had all the info you needed. They were also directly related to the material taught in the videos.
An EE (with experience in the field of ASIC and electronic systems design). Wanting to get hold of the field of Deep Learning due to its tremendous potential in about every field and a recent surge of activities in ASIC designs for Deep Learning.I did Andrew's Machine learning course before this (and I feel that ML course is a must as prerequisite to this) and found this course very good in all aspects (material, quality of presentation, quizzes and programming assignments.
Great class for learning the basics without delving into quite as much of the linear algebra and theory. There is still plenty of the fundamental information shared and used throughout the labs. By the end of the course, I had a firm understanding of how forward and backward propagation worked, how to set up the appropriate calculations through numpy, and how to debug when things went wrong. Very much recommended, especially as step one of the Deep Learning specialization.
This course provides an excellent introduction to deep learning not skimping on the technical detail, while remaining succinct enough that the learner is able to follow fairly readily. It does require at least a fundamental knowledge of Python, and a basic understanding of machine learning to fully engage with the content.There hasn't been anything more enjoyable for me personally than to create from scratch (more or less) an artificial neural network and see it in action!
Excellent course focusing on the implementation details of multilayer neural networks. I find this course as a potential companion course for Geoffrey Hinton's Neural network lectures which provides you deep insights about various network types, and you can hear many stories about the early days of NNs from a cognitive scientist's point of view, but lacks of hands-on coding and practical exercises. The regular coding exercises in this course help a lot. Highly recommended.
Very nice course. Specially the way it has been developed is just what one needs to understand the functioning of neural networks.The notebooks are very helpful and descriptive and guides us to reach the correct code and understand the maths very easily. Couldn't have asked for more. This was my first course with Andrew Ng, and I really like the simplicity with which he explains the the various layers of the neural network. Simply amazing! Thanks for the wonderful course.
This course takes a step-by-step approach to build a solid foundation, then move on to elaborate on other essential aspects of Deep Neural Networks. The programming assignments are also very well prepared that started with implementing helper functions before constructing end-to-end neural networks. Optional exercise is also a fun way to apply what I have just learned to a topic of my own interests. Well worth the time and effort to learn from an inspiring master teacher.
Very clear explanations. Gives very good intuition of the math so that I could compute the derivations and convince myself of the math. The only objection I have for the course is that for the last programming assignment some functions were precoded but not revealed. You have to go into the supplementary files and look at what the function does. I think it would be best to add the functions to the assignment and preferably let the person taking the course write the code.
The course has helped me understand the nuances in Deep Learning and has provided a basic understanding of the topic. The course was easy to understand and the assignments were structured in a way that would enable beginners to grasp the concepts easily. Suggestion: I feel we can have a practice project (ungraded) that would bring together all the elements discussed in the course. This would be a self motivated project that could be showcased as a part of the coursework.
Thanks to the deeplearning.ai team for organizing this course!!!Although I had zero experience using Python, I enjoyed this course. The videos were easy to follow and were great at breaking down concepts. I found myself going back to my saved notes on many occasions to refresh my knowledge or clarify my doubts.The assignments, quizzes and lectures helped me surpass my goal - get the gist of neural networks. I now have the confidence to further my knowledge in this area.
Prof. Andrew Ng has done a great job by explaining the mathematics behind the workings of a neural network, and the programming exercises using python have been very well organized. This course definitely serves as an amazing background to other advanced courses in deep learning. I have thoroughly enjoyed and learnt a significant amount throughout the course. This course might also serve as a great refresher to those who haven't been in touch with the mathematics behind
The course is excellent. The programming assignments are well balanced. They take you from basic python and numpy and they gradually increase complexity until you get two things: (a) good knowledge of feed-forward neural architectures, hyper-parameters, non-linearities, back-propagation, derivatives etc. (basically ML stuff) and (b) a principled way to code your models, which allows you to quickly switch to more complex network structures with minimal effort. Thank you!
This is an excellent course for anyone who wants to know more about neural networks and gets some update of the latest developments since what was taught in Stanford's ML course. As in the ML course, prof Ng speciality is to make difficult subject so easy to learn and so accessible for everyone. Compared to other NN/DL courses/books, this course is relatively easy, and it's good for getting the overview about the subjects before jumping into more advanced NN/DL courses.
Skilfully avoid those complex math problems, Andrew gives us beginner a overview about Deep learning and its application. Also the way he picks up to teach us is very fascinating. Almost hand by hand teach us writing code, how to organize your coding structure, and step by step follow his teaching to build your own neural network. I can't say it's very technical dictionary designed for those old master. But if you're interested in AI, this course should be a good start.
I like the idea of building NNs from scratch as I believe everyone working
in ML should understand basics such as matrix dimensions matching and back prop
calculus. Andrew's way of explaining ideas is very clear and concise as always.Programming assignments are relatively simple as varieties of hints are
being provided. Nonetheless, they still make me think algorithmically and analyse
the procedures implemented.  Looking forward to other courses in this Specialization.
Everything was great, Except for two things! First, the grading system didn't work well, sometimes it just showed me my older grades or it wasn't aware that I have finished the specific subject. Second,  the matching names of the variables helped me a lot on writing the codes, I guess with different names in different places I would have to think more to do the computer assignments. Anyway, had a great time and experience. Thank you for all your passion on this course
I have a great experience learning this course. As stated by Prof. Andrew NG, I came to know new things about the algorithms. I was familiar with the algorithms but still had an opportunity to learn new things. The explanation about the code was extremely good. Assignments are really very well defined and worth learning. I am very grateful to Coursera as well for providing such an extravagant opportunity to the learners. Thanks a ton for the course and financial-aid.
This is an awesome course, Ng covers all the material thoroughly.  He provides enough guidance and structure to both make the assignments accessible and allow students to build their own tools from scratch.  I've been working on doing each assignment in R on my own and building the tools to make up for the differences in how things are handled in Python packages vs R.  I have definitely learned more here than in other University courses that went over these subjects.
Andrew Ng and his team showed their teaching abilities again. This course teaches the fundamentals of Neural Networks and Deep Learning. The lectures are very clear and comprehensive. I really liked 'from scratch' approach of the assignments. Assignments are not so difficult but very instructive. Jupyter notebook is very easy to use. The test examples after each function are also very useful because I did not have to check all the code for a simple function mistake.
Thank you!It was a great course. The only thing that bothered me slightly is that the coding assignments were so "closed" and didn't let me code freely. In addition, I didn't like the "bottom up" approach, i.e - first coding the basic tools and finally code the whole picture algorithm. I understand it is not easy to take the "top down" approach in an online course like that and appreciate the approach you took.Thanks again, see you in the next specialization course!
Love Andrew's approach of keeping things simple. If you want to understand the basics of Deep Learning and get good INTUITIONS of how things work, this is it!! I had already experimented with Keras in my past but after taking this course I realize I should have done this earlier!! It is quite important to understand what the libraries are actually doing. That is when you get a good sense of what you are actually doing and most importantly, you ENJOY working on it!!
Fantastic introduction! Andrew really explains this well, in-depth and in such a friendly, encouraging manner. Regarding the programming exercises: there is a fine balance between guiding the student in the right direction with hints and the student encountering frustration if the answer cannot be arrived at within a given time-frame; I think these exercises were well-balanced in that respect. A thumbs up and 5 stars for this one -- I thoroughly enjoyed the course!
very good intro to deep neural networks; some topics are perhaps treated a bit too quickly and without much details on the underlying mathematics, but the core concepts are there and very well explained.The coding exercises are a bit too simple, almost spoon-fed. On the other hand by completing them one gets a collection of working routines for NN that can be reused in other projects.I only audited the course, so I cannot comment on the graded exercises and quizzes
I really liked the course. I already took the machine learning (ML) class by Andrew Ng and must say that I do like this one even more. The programming assignments are very helpful and using Jupyter Notebook is very convenient and much better compared to the textfiles in the ML class.Would definetely recommend the course! But one has to be aware that it can be frustrating when one gets stuck here -->I highly recommend the Discussion Forums .Thank you for the course!
This is a great course. Prof. Andrew Ng gave a lot of effort to design the course. Rather than diving into neural network directly, he build the intuition from logistic regression - that's really impressive. I am really amazed by his teaching methodology. And the programming assignments are too awesome.  In theory, he build the mathematical foundations which are implemented in the assignments. Learned a lot from this course.Hats off to Prof. Andrew Ng and the team.
This course was Awesome, and thanks to Mr.Andrew NG for teaching the course in much simpler and in an understandable way. It is really a pleasure to have taken and finish this course as it gave a good image on Deep Leaning and Neural Networks. Quizzes after each week's module was very entertaining, but, some programming exercises were quite difficult to get through, initially, but after getting more insight on the week's content and lectures, we could get it done.
A very easy to understand course for beginner and even people who familiar with machine learning. I used AI before, but want to go back to study more about the basic, and this course help me to reinforce my foundation in machine learning. A lot of mathematics problem is explained in a way that easy to understand. Exercises are built to help you understand the concept. Lessons are much easier to understand than other online lecture (or even lecture at university)
Online learning needs lot of motivation, quality and engaging content, and right mix of difficulty level and comprehensiveness. Having attended grad school, I experienced that many of the MOOCs are really lowered down in terms of difficulty level and quality. I must admit that this course from Andrew Ng is one of the most engaging as well as comprehensive that I have taken. I eagerly look forward to completing other 4 courses in the deep learning specialization.
To the point course. Nice videos with an enthusiastic Andrew. Good progression, I and found the quiz'es good (somewhat easier than the ones in the Stanford 'Machine Learning' course. I would suggest some more backpropagation/chain rule emphasize early in the course (as in CS231n) as this is so fundamental for understanding the latter parts of the course. I enjoyed the 'Heroes of Deep Learning' videos, even though the topics discussed were to advanced, of course.
Just finished the course. I can't express in words how good this course is for starting deep learning. I'm feeling very confident now about the basics of neural network.Every beginner should start deep learning with this course. This is the best course I've ever seen for deep learning. At first the assignments felt really hard to me to solve. But after the 2nd week I felt very easy to go with the assignments. Hope I will be able to finish the other courses too.
I liked this course more than the original "ML" by Andrew NG. This one is more concise but still very practical, it's always super interesting to try and classify cat vs non-cat ;) It starts from simple linear regression, then adds one hidden layer, then generalizes to L layers. Every step is explained in detail (maybe sometimes too much detail), and is easy to follow.Using Jupyter is super easy, much better than having to install and deal with Octave / Matlab.
This course explains the basic principles and maths behind Neural Networks in a way that is easy to follow and apply.The weekly quiz and assignments emphasise the main points of the lectures, and enable you to apply those learnings in python code, without requiring you to spend days or weeks trying to put all the code together yourself.If you're time-poor, but want to learn about Neural Networks and how to create them in python, then this is the course for you.
Best course of Deep neural network I can find online! The lectures are straightforward and clear, from 1 layer (logistic regression), to 2 layers, to L layers, ..., every word counts! The quiz questions cover and emphasize the most important concepts of the lectures. The best part is the coding assignments provide enough details for students to understand the implementations of DNN with Python. After finishing this course, I understand the fundamentals of DNN.
Andrew NG is by far the best AI educator I have had the chance to learn from. His unique method for explaining complex ideas in an intuitive manner makes it a pleasant experience to learn from him. The course structure was very good and the programming assignment really helps to build a strong understanding of the concepts. I would highly recommend this course for anyone looking to learn deep learning. I will definitely be completing the entire specialization.
The course is awesome.  Teaching Methodology is also awesome.  Programming Practice exercise help me to use all the knowledge you gain from videos step by step and then cumulatively you apply those steps to make a complete model. One thing that should also be there is to provide the dataset and give homework to apply all those concepts that we learned in this course and practiced in the programming assignment from scratch. I wish this will also be added soon.
I've been willing to understand the concepts of deep learning and came to know about this course from none other than Andrew NG. Took the specialization and now I know what exactly is happening behind the scenes. This is not the first course I took from Andrew NG, and in every course I felt amazed as I got so much to learn and understand about the concepts of machine learning and deep learning.Thank you so much for this course and the complete specialization.
This is a great beginning for someone who want to get into DL especially if you have completed the ML course by Andrew N G. He gives a lot of intuitions which is very important for taking decisions further on your projects. This is the selling point of this course that it not only teaches the concepts but also simplifies it in the form of intuitions and the assignments were pretty fun too. I almost finished course 2 as well and am very excited for CNN course.
Excellent course, as an intro to Deep Learning. It combines both theory, practice questions and interactive programming assignments. I totally recommend this course to anyone interested in adding ML to his bio. I also had some experience before to NN as part of my course and new allot theory from the artificial neural networks course from Brilliant, which is a great introduction to anyone that is interested in pursuing ML as a career choice! Thank you Andrew
To put it in few words: Thank you so much Mr. Andrew Ng and your Team! You are enabling very high quality education for people who cannot attend classes e.g at Stanford. Never have I seen such a complex topic explained in such an easy to understand-and-digest manner as in your Course. You have helped so many others and me who wants to dive into artificial intelligence and enabled a whole community to build and research in the field of A.I. Humbly, Thank You!
This course was very straightforward to understand. The lecturer taught it at a level that you didn't drown in the math, but if you were interested in going deeper in the math you could. The programming exercises were straightforward to complete yet I learned a lot and gained confidence in the material that was taught. I would highly recommend this course for anyone who has some programming skills but does not have skills in Neural Networks or Deep Learning.
One of the best introductory courses, taking the learner from simple logistic regression, through computational graphs and teaching the core of neural networks viz. the back propagation algorithm. The glide from zero to some solid foundation on neural networks is something I thoroughly enjoyed as learner. A probing quiz and programming assignments that pushes the learner to seek finer aspects of the neural networks is something that is missing in this course
Having done multiple Udacity Nano Degrees and other deep-learning/AI courses on Coursera/edX as well, I can say that this is probably the best and most detailed course to master Neural Network mechanics esp. back prop. Videos do a great job in explaining complex and confusing concepts in easy to understand style. Assignments cement the understanding further.Kudos to the Prof Andres Ng and rest of the  deeplearning.ai team for putting up such a great content.
I think this course is thought for people who are beginning to explore the world of IA, and people who don't have much programming experience, probably that the reason of the excessive help in the assigments, if you have studied before machine and deep learning and you have already an idea of what is it, you'l probably find this course easy and tedious, but in general I think this is a good course for begginers and I feel I learned a lot and, I'm satisfied.
This is simplest, most concise explanation of back-prop I have ever seen. This was my first Andrew Ng course, but this is in line with his reputation. This was taught at the right level with respect to the complexity of the material. Andrew gives a mathematical basis for everything, and the assignments give you an intuitive understanding for how to organize a neural network project. At the same time, the course remains practical/grounded. That's hard to do.
The course is magical. I suspected I would have several road blocks in completing it. But the simplistic approach by the instructor and well-guided exercises along with coverage of prerequisite basic knowledge wherever needed made it a smooth undertaking. The course achieves its promise and the once unknown field of Neural Networks and Deep Learning is now a familiar topic of interest and has set my path towards working on more advanced topics in the field.
Good introduction that focuses on developing a good understanding for how neural networks operate. The level is not too deep, although the optional videos provide additional detail. The level of python programming required to complete the course is very low as you get lots of help with what packages and functions to use. Very enjoyable and who doesn't need a cat picture classifyer!Looking forward to the more advanced classes within the same speciallisation.
As usual with Andrew's courses the assignments are really helpful. The only thing I think that needs to be improved is the last section doing backpropagation over multiple layers. There were some helper functions that we called from another file but I felt we should have seen those more easily to learn them. Also was a little confused about the indexing of some of the stored parameters. Would like to have seen the equations next to the code. Awesome course!
The practical approach to working thru the mechanics of forward and backward propagation is very valuable (as i'm sure Andrew Ng knows).  It was helpful to get a solid footing in how to construct the models and execute the vectorized functions to expedite the computation of the parameters in a model.  As a math nerd i was hoping to see a little more in the chain rule derivations but that definitely isn't critical to the successful completion of the course.
I'd read a lot about the theory behind neural networks and the back propagation algorithm was a topic that I very often had to keep reminding myself of whenever I returned to neural networks after studying something else for a significant period of time. This course allowed me to see back propagation in a different light which I believe will make its retention easier. (activations -> forward, gradients ->backwards then parameter updates with the gradients)
As expected professor Andrew Ng (and the team who was involved in creation of this course) made an awesome course. I completed the course from Andrew Ng for Octave before this one. And still this course helped me to kick start doing ML on Python, and helped to systematize and deepen my knowledge. I am jumping into the second course of specialization right now. These courses are great product, and I would recommend them to everybody who want to learn ML/DL.
This is the first course that I attend on Coursera. I am really satisfied by this platform.This course was very interesting, and thanks to the experience and ability of teaching of Prof. Andrew Ng, I could learn many new things.Fortunately, the course was not only focused on theory, but it included also some training with Python, so it was also a good opportunity to learn a bit this programming language, which is new for me.Thank you a lot Prof. Andrew Ng.
I had a great learning experience with the "Neural networks and deep learning course", Professor Andrew Ng and his team have done an amazing job at breaking the complex theories into simple explanations. This is not a course for beginners because some Machine learning and programming skills with  python libraries such as numpy and scikit-sklearn is a prerequisite, if one does not have the prerequisites it will slow you down in the programming assignments.
Yes, as I always believe it is NumPy that should be mastered before diving into DL frameworks. Grreat introductory course. The derivation of the equations of forward-prop & backward-prop was important. Programming exercises were so useful to practice the basics one more time and more importantly, to visualize what's happening inside in a shallow and deeper network.Highly recommended course for anyone break into AI/DL or just interested to learn ML stuffs.
I enjoyed the course.  My issue was that my Jupyter notebook would often loose connection to the network.  Maybe that was b/c I left it open too long; but regardless when I tried to reconnect the kernel it never really worked and I had to launch a new Jupyter session.It would also be nice if:(1) it was easy to see a table of variables (like Matlab whos command)(2) it was easy to open up some of the subroutines that I'd already written for reference-Kris.
I have been working on using classifiers for quite a long time already. But in the last years I had the feeling I have not kept up with the recent developments and that I am still lacking basics. This course gave a very good refreshment for both of my concerns. The lectures are well-understandable keeping a certain intellectual level, though. The same counts for the programming excercises. Doing those with the Jupiter Notebook environment was really fun.
A well designed course. Good for giving you a good starting point. The intuition behind matrix multiplication and how to think about the correct dimensions was great. It was also notable how well structured the helper functions were which made the later implementation of the neural network almost a no brainer. The most crucial outcome of this course is that it will give you a logical, sensible and steady way to approach a problem rather than going nuts.
Nice explanations and complimentary material. Ideal for people who has already a slight knowledge on how neural networks work and want to review and assimilate concepts in a structured course.If you are not familiar with linear algebra or calculus you can get through it, but I would recommend an introductory course on both subjects so you will be able to better understand the details of the mathematical formalism.I will keep on going with the next ones.
Intuition is the keyword here for me. I didn't feel the need to memorize anything. The content is designed in a smooth way to raise your intuitive understanding. In some cases, I needed to re-watch a video a couple more times but with every time there is an added value. Now that I have completed the course, I plan to re-watch all the videos again and review the assignments and the quiz and I am almost certain that it will not be a waste of time to do so
I really enjoy this course. It was designed in such a way that if you follow the viedo/lecture carefully, the problem set or quiz will naturally be solved with the minimum amount of effort in programming. It is really friendly for beginners in Deep NN, who have intermediate programming skills but want to soak fully into the knowledge of Deep Learning. I really appreciate Andrew's fabulous teaching skills that give me a quick jump-start on this subject.
great course, clear instruction. much better than Machine learning course taught by Dr. Ng. (Machine learning is already a great great course, so this course is GREAT GREAT GREAT course). Now, I am crystal clear of neural network and backpropagation algorithm. Although in real work, we may simply use a commercial software to implement, understanding what is happening under the hood is really important. Thanks Dr. Ng and can't wait to start next course
Very excellent class, learned a lot about Neural Networks' concept and practices. Andrew Ng can really turn complex concepts into easy understanding teaching. I see a lot of people complained that the programming assignments are too easy, but I feel that is just not this class's focus. There are some other courses focused on python programming. The value of this class is to let you understand the complex deep learning concepts and how to implement it.
It is been a great learning course.Since I do not have computer science/engineering background, it was a bit difficult for me to grasp the Object-oriented programming usage and Forward recursion used in week 3 and week 4 programming exercises. But still, I was able to complete the exercises and understand the deep -L-layer network, thanks to such an amazing guide provided in the exercises.Man! I love the way Andrew Ng explains the topics. I am a Fan!!
This was a very good course. I particularly enjoyed that professor Ng doesn't shy away from the math aspects of NN and explains every topic very clearly. He also shares a lot of his intuitions, which are the product of years of experience in the field. I've found a lot of value in both the practical and theoretical aspects of this course. I also appreciate that a lot of thought and attention to detail has been put into the videos and course materials.
Easy-to-follow and very informative course with thorough explanations and intuition behind the deep learning approach. The course and assignments are build to make sure one understands the math and main concepts. I am happy with the amount of comments and guidelines in the programming assignments: this helped me understand covered topics step-by-step without having to be stuck in non-relevant issues like wrong shapes in Python many lines of code ago.
This is expertly designed to teach you exactly what you need to understand the inner-workings of neural networks. Prof. Andrew Ng knows his stuff and he delivers in a manner that's unmatched. I am now more confident of my skills in building models with frameworks such as Keras, PyTorch, etc because this course taught me how to build them from scratch. I highly recommend this course and my biggest gratitude goes to Prof. Andrew Ng. He's a rockstar!!!
I can say, that I started this course from scratch. Without any knowledges in ML. The only experience that I had was C#, so Python and all those libs was a bit scary at the beginning. But now.. OMG. Thanks to Andrew Ng and all others who participate in this course creation. Very clear explanations, super powerfull comments on the Jupyter notebooks and so on... I feel that now I can give lectures on this topice by myself :) Thank You very much, guys!
I think a clear concept in deep learning is as important as the choice of activation function in a neural network. This course is perhaps the best activation function for your deep learning understanding. Andrew Ng is the one the best tutor I've ever seen and his ability to take things from scratch and build it up is just fantastic. The assignments are well designed to make you think about one problem at a time and then build the blocks one by one.
This is my first exposure to data science. I have never programmed nor had much exposure to advanced mathematics. Andrew Ng makes the learning process enjoyable by breaking each part of a neural net into its smaller components, which has given me a much better understanding of the whole.I have come away from Course 1 with more confidence in my own abilities to understand complex ideas. I am truly looking forward to moving on to Course 2. Thank you!
I really enjoyed learning this course.  Not being a programmer and no prior python knowledge , i was able to learn successfully & complete assignment. I may not be a master (yet) but i am confident and can understand very clearly  what is involved in deep neural network & how to solve a problem. The course is really recommended as the videos, assignments are well sequenced and made for beginners ! Thank you deeplearning.ai & Andrew Ngyuen and Team.
The first course of the Deep Learning Specialization is pretty much all-rounded, almost all you need is explained during the lessons. The advanced math techniques that normally scary people was explained in simple terms, and in fact as told by Andrew, the students don't really need a deep understanding of them, just how to apply them. Overall, a great introductory course, looking forward to enrolling in the following courses of this specialization.
It is very clear and helpful to learn how to build a neural network , even for me who was not familiar with Python. It is showed by easy examples of the common procedure and structures of typical neural network. And also I learned many useful functions and libs. Especially, I have learned how and why the Backward propagation is working, which I could not understand before. Thanks a lot!Now I can't wait to start building my own learning machine! ^_^
Neural Networks and Deep Learning turned out to be a really fun and educational course. I always wanted to learn how the commonly used dnn libraries work and there was no better way to do so. Professor Ng's instructions made the concepts rather simple and easy to grasp; building neural networks from scratch couldn't have been any easier. I'm glad I opted for this course and I'll be moving ahead to the next courses in the specialization right away.
A really good course , however the exercises should be made more difficult as they become really easy. Do not comment evefrything that a person has to solve. Especially in the very last coding assignment. Once a person has completed the assignment before it, he.she can easily complete the last one. By not mentioning the availaible functions, a person would be tempted to go back to previous assignment and read once again.(Thus, revising the course)
Excellent intro to the basic principles of neural networks. As a 40+ non-technical, non-coder entrepreneur, I'm probably not the "target audience" for this class. Also, I have no previous experience with Python. Nonetheless, I still found the combination of lectures and assignments perfect for my learning.  As the "big picture" became clearer throughout the weeks,  the class triggered new venture ideas and new ways to apply NN in my current arena.
Great course, explain the basis of deep nn perfectly just as the old machine learning mooc. It's of introductory difficulty. The programing homework in ipython notebook taught you coding step by step with through guildline.  If you have done the old machine learning mooc or the NN for DL by Hinton, you can skip this one or take it as a review if you are not familiar with python ML coding since both the old ML and NN for DL are offered with Octave.
Now I understand why this course is one of the top rated courses on Coursera. The lessons of Prof. Andrew Ng are really great, starting from the basics, he guides you to implement a real neural network by yourself, and I can say that, in the end, you feel rewarded. I encourage every person with interest or curiosity in Deep Learning that take this course, you will not regret of doing it. A basic knowledge of Python is required, but no very much.
-Each and everything is explained in detail with simple examples.-Helpful things:-Quizzes-Videos-Programming assignment in python using Jupyter Notebook is exciting.-I recommend this course before doing Machine Learning by  Prof. Andrew because in that course only high level usage is given. But in this course actually nut and bolts are discussed.And Prof. tells the intuition behind almost everything. In my view for beginners this course is good.
Pretty love the step-by-step teaching style. Good for both beginners and people who have taken one/two ML course before. If one is very new to python/ML, I feel it would be better you do things from scratch and compare your answer with the provided notebook, which is very clear and well organized but may be too instructive.  Anyway, it is a very good course and definitely worth the time. And I would go for the next course of the specialization.
Programming assignments are really good. In general, I got to know from people who code that you don't get to know what's happening in the internal neural network structure if you're using a python library, but here, I got to learn each and every step/block in the code as well as in the lecture videos. I thank Dr. Andrew for his great explanation of mathematics associated with neural networks. Looking forward to catch up with the other courses.
This course contains a lot of mathematics and provides a thorough know-how on the inner complexities of Neural Networks. Sir Andrew is very thorough and provides convenient notebooks with guidelines, making it easy enough for the intermediate Python-er. However, it would be advisable for beginners to cover the basics of machine learning before delving into deep learning, in order not to be overwhelmed by the sheer amount of technical know-how.
I believe that gaining knowledge is the most purest and beautiful thing in this world. To really understand how this world, or how to solve the simplest of the problems, knowledge is a very important factor. Andrew Ng has a way with explaining core concepts to really make the student understand the topic in the most simplest way. He explained the concepts and empowered an individual like to me to understand and fall in love with Deep Learning.
Gives a very good overview of NNs and basics of DNNs without getting too deep in the math (not needed for implementations) while also providing enough intuition (usually in the option videos) to satisfy my curiosity. Also learned about matrix and vector handling in the Python numpy library with concepts, such as broadcasting, being explained thoroughly. Having examples using Python idioms really helped with becoming a better Python programmer.
Great introduction to artificial intelligence and more specifically neural networks. The great thing about this course is that it both covers the math behind it (although not too deep), as well as hands on experience in the form of coding neural networks from scratch. Both shallow and deep neural networks are covered. To succeed in the course, you only need to know a little bit about linear algebra and calculus and basic programming in Python.
This course is absolutely amazing. I work as data scientist already and took professor's Ng first course on machine learning. The topics are really well explained and the assignments well thought out.  They are not very hard so you would be discouraged to keep at it but you still need to understand concepts really well to finish. Since I love calculus, I also derived the equations from first principles to compare the results.Amazing jobs guys!
This is an incredible starting point for Machine Learning. Every thing is explained in a detailed and understandable manner. Neural Networks and algorithms like Back Propagation have been taught in an easy to understand and intuitive way, while also delving sufficiently deep into the mathematics of it all.I used to think that Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course was the best one there is, but somehow this manages to better it. Simply brilliant.
This is a great course to start learning machine learning/deep learning, and while it is aimed at beginners some background experience with Python definitely helps. In four short weeks (or shorter, depending on your bandwidth) the course goes through creating logistic regression models, to shallow neural networks and then to creating deep neural networks. The programming exercises are very well structured, and Professor Ng is a great teacher!
People having a background in ML may find this a little too easy. Perhaps, easier than it should be. Much on the lines of ML course by Dr. Ng, this course does not delve deep into mathematics. I recommend this course for those who wish to focus on implementation, but not necessarily math. That said, I have looked at other MOOCs for DL, and found this to be the best. Unfortunately, none of them go deep enough into math, and understandably so.
This course is fun. Also, Andrew Ng is a good teacher, calm, he goes straight to the point.  I have problem watching a teacher who is over-hyped or with tic or are filmed too close to the camera.  In other words, I lost my focus when the teacher get my focus on himself and not on what he teaches.  So, Andrew Ng is the perfect teacher for my kind of learning.  He keeps things simple and he seems to try to be low-profile and this is excellent.
The course was structured with an incredible amount of organization. Also, the course taught the core of deep-learning implementation, as opposed to focusing on the theory, which takes a significantly longer amount of time to understand. Understanding the theory is important for thorough understanding, but there are other platforms for learning theory that are also very good. It was a pleasure to learn from Andrew Ng! He is a great teacher!
This is very a good course for the beginners and it  provide  understanding to the maths behind the deep neural networks &  and a good understanding to deep learning. Explanation about various topic is provided in Clear and Concise way, interview with experts  and pioneers  in DL is something very amazing . this course provides amazing understating for building Deep Neural Models, theoretical concepts and math is also beautifully explained.
Excellent and effective approach that fairly mixes the conceptual and practical parts of ML/DL/AI. Well organized course content and instructor is easy to follow! Suggestion: should there be any need for the course admin to update the notebook like what happened during the first part of the last assignment, it would save students a lot of effort and wasted time trying to figure what happened if the admin would communicate prior to acting...
An extremely exciting-to-learn course. Particularly recommended for all newbies (like myself!!). The way course lectures and assignments are structured is amazing. I have one suggestion. Assignments have been pre-filled for the most part. I feel that maybe letting the student write the other parts of the code as well will give him better confidence. Otherwise, it is tough to have proper take-aways from the coding assignments. Thank you Ng.
This course was an excellent introduction to neural networks. The optional content allows students with greater familiarity with calculus, linear algebra, and regression analysis to leverage those skills to attain a deeper understanding of the topics, without alienating those who want to focus solely on being a practitioner. I would recommend this to anyone with an interest in AI and at minimum a basic understanding of scripting in Python.
Lessons are very clear and well explained. The best part though are the assignments which are clearly organized and help to put in practice what you've seen on the lessons.Couple of things I would think could make it even better: Optional videos for math derivations (not only intuitions), coding example videos, and some case studies example videos to see how everything fall is applied before diving into the practice exercises.Thanks David!
I have been wanting to understand deep learning for a number of years but was always worried about my Python programming skills not being good enough, and my understanding of mathematics needed not being solid either, and this course really builds up one's understanding of topics gradually, taking time to explain things step by step. Andrew is wonderful. Comes across as genuinely interested in my success as a student. Thank you very much!
I used to be into machine learning and neural networks back when I was a master student around 1999-2000. This course was a great way to refresh some of that old knowledge, and also introduced me to many new concepts that were not widely known at the time, such as vectorization and the new activation functions. I loved how the python code already had the framework set up, allowing me to focus on the main learning points for each exercise.
Great course with laser focus on deep learning essentials. Covers linear algebra, Python matrix operations, and key material for a solid foundation in deep learning. Anyone who has taken Andrew Ng's Stanford Machine Learning course from Coursera will find this course fairly easy with regard to the core content, but they will also benefit from the singular focus on deep learning in Python.The homework was actually both fun and instructive.
I gained pretty good basic theoretical understanding of deep learning by creating models from the scratch using numpy. Mathematics was also presented on the appropriate level needed to understand how it really works. Unlike Microsoft or other courses, there was no statements like  'this is a certain mathematical fact but we won't dive deeper into it..'. It was also good to refresh linear algebra using numpy which sometimes can be tricky.
A beginner friendly approach to learn the inner workings of Neural networks. The curriculum is neatly divided into weekly classes, which are not very had to complete in a week. The videos are also the right duration to facilitate revisiting difficult concepts. Each week's quiz and programming assignment are very helpful, well-designed and focussed on reinforcing the concepts. A great course. Highly recommended. Thanks to Dr. Ng and team.
The quality of this course is rarely seen on Coursera. It painlessly presents the necessary skills and knowledge to build a (very) simple deep neural network for image classification, assuming no prior knowledge. No need to pause the video to decipher slides, no need to search the web to find extra information, no diving into forums to find the errors in the tests.,...This course will turn your grandmother into a machine learning expert.
Andrew also has a good teaching skill. After completing this course, I made a very simple data set myself, and then calculated the whole forward, backward propagation procedure with pen and paper. Though it was very simple data set(L=2, m=3, n0=2, n1=3, n2=1, g1, g2=sigmoid ...) and I iterated only two times, it took really long time far more than I've expected. But It helped me a lot to have a feeling that I really get a sense on this!
Simply the best designed introductory course on Deep Learning I've ever seen online! Professor Ng is really charismatic and presents the material in a simple and concise way. Also, the homeworks are very well organized and definitely helps the student to absorb the main concepts without struggle with python programming hurdles. I really enjoyed the course and I'm looking forward to the next course in the Deep Learning Specialization! :)
I was afraid of learning deep learning because I thought that I do not have sufficient Calculus background to learn deep learning. However, this course taught me good enough Calculus, and also made me realize that I do not need to have significant knowledge of math to learn deep learning. The learning was fun and exciting due to the way Professor Andrew derived the equations, and the way the course, along with exercises, was organized.
Course materials clearly explained as usual by Andrew Ng. I actually seem to just go through as if it is a review because I took his ML course (online) for Stanford but the most excellent part I like here is the Jupyter notebook and the flexibility of the deadlines which was not as easily movable as it was back in 2017.  Finally a realistic feature that busy people who got real life emergencies can avail of without dropping the course!
Another brilliant by Andrew N G. It introduces you to the world of deep learning in a step-by-step. A very carefully artciulated course which presents the overwhelming concepts of Deep Learning in a simplistic manner. Key terms & methodologies used in the world of DL have been introduced & explained. This course truly desmystifies the concept of "Deep Learning". A key higlight is the interviews with the gurus of the Deep Learning world
The explanations are great! Simple enough to understand it without leaving out important details. I had already taken the Machine Learning specialization from university of Washington here at Cousera, so I don't know if the explanations would be equally easy to understand if this were the first time hearing about logistic regression and gradient descent... if you are not completely new to machine learning, this course is great for you.
Great at giving you a different perspective at how an L-layer NN works as a sequence of independent blocks that you can add to have a deeper NN. Also, it was very enlightening to finally know what I am doing, in each step, when using the backpropagation algorithm, instead of just computing the deltas without knowing what they are.I would only ask for a brief introduction to python , specifically, what is a list, dictionary and a tuple.
Andrew and his crew is again doing a pretty amazing job! I found it incredible how he is capable of transforming complex topics in such a simple and straight forward easy to follow steps. I have bachelor in math and master in statistics but I still learn something new in each and every video. He is always showing a new perspective of everything. Simple, elegant and full of content. Thanks for putting the effort on such a great program!
This course is recommended for all the deep learning beginners. The structure of this course is very good and gives a step wise building blocks for building a simple neural network. This combines a overall good theory and there need to be an improvement in the programming assignment as they are not very tough.I really gained a lot of knowledge from this course and it has helped me build neural networks with good theory and confidence.
I think this course is the best course I've ever had.Professor Andrew Ng is the top instructor in the world and said all the topics in the easiest way.I highly recommend this course for each person who wants to start machine learning and deep learning.Thank you so much dear Coursera for letting me have this course.I hope in the future I will be able for your platform to make courses and give it to all people around the world for free.
I really like how this course was handled. The concepts were presented clearly and in "manageable chunks", and I understood them easily. The programming exercises were also a good complement to the lectures. Also, even though I am a beginner in Python, I was able to complete the exercises since the programming exercises test one's understanding of the concepts than mastery of the programming language. Thank you for a wonderful course!
This is definitely a five star course. I've read a lot about deep learning (books, blogs etc.) but this is the first time I build a neural network myself. I learned a lot and I do not agree with the 1-2 star reviews. It's true that you're doing some stuff again and again, but that's what learning is all about. Concerning the programming assignment, then they are not super difficult BUT at least now I know how to build NN from scratch.
Excellent and clear introduction to subject. Prof. Ng encourages with great patience and systematically lay out the principles, step by step in lectures. The assignments are very well set out, illustrative of NN and Deep Learning principles with practical examples. They are challenging too. A basic level of Python programming ability is helpful to complete them. Thank you Coursera and Prof Ng for another excellent learning experience.
This Course was very well structured and a planned course.The programming exercises gave a guided tour of the application of the concepts.I deem it as a perfect starter material for learning "deep learning".The Video transcript requires some working though.The sound quality can be improved.I had to focus on the transcript the entire time to listen carefully to the lecturer instead of watching what he was actually doing on the slides.
The fundamentals of a neural network is wonderfully explained by the professor in this course. I found this approachable even with little prior knowledge in Machine Learning. The calculus required for the course is light, though I found the discussion forums rich with threads about the optional calculus parts. The hands on assignment helped me get a good feel for implementing basic neural networks from scratch in a modularized manner
Best course to get you started in Deep Learning. I think learning everything from scratch is extremely important, even when you can go and start coding straight away, because having intuition about what is happening in the background will surely make you more comfortable about your code. Also, making your code from scratch helps you innovate and make changes to the slightest of details that could improve your model to a great extent.
Programming assignments was really good and well explained walkthrough to make sure student understand the linear algebra. Adding and intermediate level of two layer N and then L layer networks helped a lot to see the scale and really understand the concept.  I think Professor Andrew is made for teaching, he really knew the art of explaining most complex problems to student. Thanks a lot for the Entire team for putting this together.
Overall, it is a very good introductory course in Deep Learning. Professor Andrew Ng is definitely an expert in the field and make the explanations very clear for everyone.Personally, I would like to have more difficult programming assignments (maybe build the whole functions by ourselves) or even better to examine if there is a way to start doing some projects in this kind of online courses (similar to the ones of Stanford's class).
I am very pleased with the structure of the course. I just wish the programming assignments had more 'coding' for the students. Even though i got a solid understanding of the concepts through the programming assignments, I wish they had been more difficult, at least without the hint giving away the solutions or the no of lines of code. Apart from this, I loved the course. It has given me a step from which I could explore DL further.
Clear explanation of the deep learning concept. The programming excises were tailor-made to reduce peripherals codes writing, which allowed us to focus on the core material coding. Good job on the team! This course cleared two concepts I was puzzled before. 1. When should use sigmoidand other activation functions on Forward/ backward propagation. 2. Backward propagation related to gradient. Thank you Dr. Ng put together this course.
It's the best way of explanation I have ever seen. Also, the assignments are very helpful, not too hard, and not too easy. Just lead us to the right code to help us learn. Interactive questions that come after the videos are beneficial, they make us attentive. To the learners, in order to get the best out of the course, I suggest to go through it twice or more and put everything you learn in a notebook and solve equations yourself.
Excellent introduction to the topic. I particularly liked that the topic is introduced from "first principles", i.e., including the calculation of derivatives (for gradient descent) and the implementation of back- and forward propagation functions. I would, however, recommend to others to re-implement all training exercises/networks in your own python programs to further practice and test them for yourself  (and find your own data)
The Course is a great start for anyone willing to learn. I loved the way the course was arranged which helped me understand each step and in the end the concluding programming exercise brought it all together for me. I personally struggled with Back propagation algorithm because of its complexity, however the way the course is arranged helped me understand more than I could if I studied it on my own. Thank you Deeplearning.ai Team.
I love this course the way it has been designed. If you want to go in middle or take videos separately it might be very difficult to understand and undermines the true value of the video. one must go from start and go in a sequence as the course is designed to understand the course. This course is much more about the mathematics behind the deep learning. I haven't seen any better deep learning course than this. Highly recommended.
Excellent course. The course teaches the theory very well. Even if mathematics is not what I am doing day in and day out, the way Andrew explains the theory behind NNs lets everyone follow easily. Also the exercises allow to practice the lessons learned. The programming exercises are very accurate and detailed. The instructors spend a lot of effort to perform tests and so make sure that one can complete the exercises step by step.
If you've ever wondered what goes on under the hood of a neural network, this is a great introductory course to take. As a layperson, I found the materials to be both informative and very accessible.  The process of coding up the neural network components, assembling them, and then applying them to practical questions (I'm looking at you cat picture classifier) was really enrinching, and provided an extra layer(s) of appreciation.
This is really wonderful and amazingly useful course! Even complicated concepts are presented in a really easy and intuitive way.There are some negative reviews about simplicity of assignments. This is not course to teach you how to program. Assignments are focused on deep learning concepts and we get to implement all of these concepts ourselves. Boiler plate code is already written for us, which i think is amazing use of my time!
This is the place to go to learning Deep Learning. Andrew is fantastic in explaining clearly quite complicated concepts by breaking down in small steps and putting it all together without missing the holistic view. He is very enthusiastic and passionate about the subject. I finally understand what a ANN is, understand the math, know how to implement one from scratch and can use what I learned to solve practical real word problems.
Eventually I get it!I have written several times already the back propagation algorithm but never fully understood what was going on. It is not as trivial as it sounds but the notation, various and exercises make it very clear.One of the best explanation so far. It really shows that Prof. Ng knows where students struggle and has understood what works in teaching neural networks.The course made me smarter. That's a big achievement!
The course has detailed content to implement the neural network and deep neural network. Also the comparison between 2 layer neural net, 2 layer deep neural net and L layer deep neural net can bring insights of the hyperparameters, forward and backward propogation. There is enough content to learn about the technical concepts behind neural networks and one can practically apply the same while submitting the practical assignments.
I was absolutely beginner in the field of deep learning with some knowledge of python and traditional machine learning algorithms. But this course has given me a broad view of the Neural Network and their implementations. I personally believe that Andrew Ng is the best teacher not just because of their teaching style but he always tries to give the maximum knowledge to their students even from the basic concepts.Thank You So Much
An amazing learning experience in deep learning. Prof Andrew and TA's have curated a well-structured course. Basic knowledge of matrix multiplication and algebra was sufficient to understand the course work as said by prof. Andrew. The way he has abstracted the mathematics and provided just sufficient knowledge to understand the implementation of DL is amazing. (Going through his ML course will help further understand the basics)
the course is actually superb. very easy to grasp even the most complicated concepts. But, I did face just one problem that grading was malfunctioning in the second question of week 4 last assignment. my output was correct and matching expected output. but, still graded 0 / 50. I spent more than 8 hours figuring out the solution. And, repeatedly submitted same file 9 times, and it was automatically accepted and graded full marks.
Amazing course! I had taken a similar course in school but the amount of depth and ease of understanding in this course is phenomenal! Dr. Andrew has explained each detail with utmost simplicity, which even a newbie in machine learning can easily understand. I am so thankful to the creators of this course, that I got to learn and implement the very basic of algorithms to a L-layer deep neural network in this course! Thanks a ton!
Andrew Ng is amazing! Don't be intimidated by the theory, Andrew does a great job giving the intuition behind the theory, and you'll soon start to understand the theory by the end of the course. The programming exercises really do help internalize the concepts. I'm an experienced programmer, but not in Python, but that wasn't an issue getting the assignments done.Thanks Andrew, for making complex concepts so approachable!Prashant
When I first decided to take the course, I didn't have a background in machine learning nor python but I've immense love for the subject. After enrolling in the class I worked so hard for it, learned a lot from the mentors and other students on the forum. Apart from the subject matter I learnt how to be disciplined and work hard to achieve a goal. Thank you for the outstanding course - Andrew Ng and all deeplearning.ai community.
Nowadays there is keras and tensor flow out there, making it easy to set up an DL project. But these feel often as black boxes. In this first class of the specialization, I like the fact, that a neural network is explained and set up from scratch. You'll understand the terminology, concepts and limitations as the knowledge is built from the start up. This feels very valuable as those tools will not feel like black boxes anymore.
It covers both the theoretical and practical aspects of neural networks really well. For the practical aspect, it does a great job of teaching you how to vectorize your code, which is very important in practice. The quizzes and programming assignments also did a good job of reinforcing the material. The programming assignments also had a good real-world application: image recognition, namely detecting images as cats or not-cats.
I think it was a really good crash course to NN with some good math insights. Andrew is really clear explaining the concepts and ideas behind NN. Having a good background on Calculus I would say this is achievable for people who is not familiar with it, without loosing too much understanding of what's going on.The interviews with experts are really interesting, it's always good to know the story behing such great proffessionals.
A course for those that already know how a basic understand on how to build Neural Networks using high level API like Keras and want to know about the basic build blocks (and math) needed to really understand the way a neural network works. High recommended. Andrew Ng is an incredible professor, make the contents easy understandable. The lessons and questions are very good to check the whole content learned in the video lessons.
It's not a casual course, you should pay a lot of attention and take notes to accomplish. If you've never saw anything about Calculus and Linear Algebra, I think you will have much more trouble understanding the backpropagation. I think that this course gives you a good idea of how implement a neural network and how it works, but to be somewhat proficient you should practice by yourself a lot more outside the Coursera's Jupyter.
I knew a lot of jargon used in deep learning and other fancy words like gradient descent, back propagation but now I realized that those were simple and magical. Excellent course. All the way from a neuron to a deep neural network. Explanations were awesome, coding assignments were little bit difficult but interesting. I love the way Sir Andrew explains the difficult topics in simple words. Extremely happy to take this courser.
More detailed programming assignments should be given to hone the programming skills of the participants. The theory is mostly easy, Implementation of theory in python code is full of hassles and difficult. Error messages of python are sometimes unreadable and some extra help on common issues would help. Thank you, I am grateful for receiving such high-quality production videos and learning material from Industry Professionals.
For those who doesn't sure about if they meet the prerequisite: Very basic of linear algebra.(concept of matrices)The concept of calculus.(chain rule etc.)Basic programming language to start.(for loop, iteration) and it would be very helpful if you've learnt python.So, I think this course is very easy to take, especially English is not my mother tongue, I still can understand this course, thank you Andrew and all of the mentor!
After paying upwards of $1500 for an Intelligent Systems unit as part of a CS degree I still found even the basic concept of neural networks to be confusing and intimidating, despite a final grade of just over 90%; this course not only cost a fraction of the price, but explained the content matter and surrounding ideas in a fashion which made it much easier to digest and laid a strong foundation for further learning. Thank you!
It is an incredible course, probably the best one I have ever took in Coursera. I have learnt things I thought I would never do. Andrew is an incredible profesor. I highlight that he explains the math around neural networks and not only their implementation; that was my favourite part of the course. The programming assignments are very well prepaired and help you understand and internalize what you have seen in classes. 10/10!
Initially I was highly unsure whether or not take this course. But i feel completely different after my first course finished. The course is supremely organized and details the minutest details for deep learning from the very beginning. The hands on over the assignments has made things more clear. Hope i will finish the other course in the specialization soon and share the overall feedback. So far its the excellent experience.
Even some of the materials are too easy, it is a super great course for beginners without too much knowledge in Deep Learning and Linear Algebra. I highly recommended people to take this course and be patient about the repeating emphasis on vectorization and etc. that might make you feel boring and redundant. I personally gained a lot more knowledge and skills by successfully complete a multi-layer Neural Network step by step.
It is a lot of overlap with Stanford ML course. I like introduction to Ipython Notebooks, Numpy for the programming assignments in this course. I enjoined interviews with the people from the field of ML. Compared to Stanford course I think there is less reference material you get after you finish class. So I recommend to take Stanford ML course, if this is your first ML class. Besides doing assignments using Octave is fun too.
I initially knew a lot of theory regarding neural networks, but had no real experience in coding them. This course not helped me refresh my knowledge of neural networks but also gave me the confidence to code them from scratch. The implementation and usage of helper functions really helps improve the code for the neural network and helped me break down the problem to sub-problems which made the coding effort less intimidating
The explanations and content of this course are excellent. Though previous python knowledge is required and a bit of previous machine learning knowledge is recommended, this course provides the information in a great way for both begginners and intermediate learners on the topic. The Jupyter Notebook assignments benefit greatly by providing interactive assignments with clear explanations and instructions in an ordered manner.
The course gives a very thorough introduction to the concept of neural networks. Even though it's very easy to implement neural networks by using frameworks, the assignments in this course helped me to understand much much better how networks work 'under the hood.' As an engineering major, I felt there wasn't enough math. However,  the course gave me enough intuition to understand more mathematically involved texts by myself.
Great structure of the course, from really simple NN to deep NN. It was very easy to follow the train of thoughts and learn the basics of deep NN. I also liked the interviews after the end of every week, I believe that help us to motivate ourselves. Finally, the programming assignments were well-organised and helped to fully understand what we learnt on lectures. I'm very satisfied by completing this course1 of specialization
An amazing course. The enthusiasm of the professor is clearly conveyed in his gestures and the hard work put into the production of the course videos. The weekly quizzes  serve as an excellent way of both ensuring that you understand the theory and brushing up on it at the same time. The programming excesses serve as excellent tools to obtain a working understanding of the implementation of normal feed-forward neural network.
Excellent Course! I like that the lectures are not too mathematical, as some time has passed since I graduated. I liked the exercises, but I'm not sure why we implement our own network code. Wouldn't it be more practical to use TensorFlow etc... for the exercises? Also one open point: I still haven't understood why we use the log-loss function for logistic regression (and in all our examples) and not the squared-dirrerence...
I started leaning AI, Robotics, Neural Networks, Fuzzy Logic and Lisp between 1993 and 1996 in an attempt to achieve graduate degree.  I was not able to get student financial aid and I ran out of money.  I quit school and found jobs as contractor.  I thought I should study this again and it would be easier this time.  I hope to continue in this field.  Thank you, Coursera, Stanford university, Andrew NG and his team.   Tareq
Before taking this course I was graduated having only basics of machine learning and NN.I learned a lot from scratch in this course about Logistic regression, than NN introduction till detail and ends with implementing  my own DNN, writing forward plus backward propagation in python using numpy.It's really good for beginners who are really passionate about deep learning and have very basic concept of machine learning and AI.
Solid introduction to Deep Learning with excellent videos from Andrew Ng.  Found the videos from Geoffrey HInton and Ian Goodfellow very useful for setting the context of the class and for helping me consider areas of specialization.  I'm wondering if one or two additional application exercises (besides the cat ID) wouldn't have been a nice touch.  In any event, I'm excited subsequent classes in this Coursera Specialization.
Great course for anyone who wants to learn about neural networks and deep learning in great detail by using mathematical operations and basic programming tools instead of pre-built libraries such as Keras or Pytorch. One downside of the course is that it may be difficult for people who are not good at math or programming in order to grasp the essence of the presented formula; however, it depends on your personal preferences
Before starting this class, I was trying to learn tensorflow, and it was going great, but I felt like I was missing the core reasons and the understanding behind why they had to model the networks a certain way, and what were activation functions and optimizers and so forth.  After taking this lecture I can say that I have learned a vast amount more on Neural Networks than expected and I can't wait to start the next course.
An excellent introduction to the basics of neural networks with the optimal amount of math to build a solid foundation for further courses in this specialization. Don't be deceived by the lack or simplicity of "real" math in this course. Further courses will contain more complex math which may be difficult to understand without a background in linear algebra and calculus unless you have carefully followed this first course.
i am very grateful that the team of neural networks and deep learning  have given me scholarship so that i could learn the basics and then could move ahead for the advanced version of deep learning .This course provides the necessary base for the development of the understanding the difference between the neural network and logistic regression. And the assignments provides the necessary boost need for success in this course
After taking Andrew's first ML course several years ago, I felt I needed a refresher. This was really challenging but as I progressed through the labs my understanding solidified. My only advice is you should have at least an intermediate level of skill with Python and a bit of experience with Numpy before taking this course. With that said, you'll be receiving a practical, world-class AI education from the best, Andrew Ng.
Course videos are clear, to the point, and nicely segmented. Many comments in the video impart wisdom acquired from years of experience a deep learning pioneer. Programming Assignments that solidifies deep learning concepts are nearly perfect with clear instructions. One exception is the "L_model_forward" function in Week 4; the Grader requires caches be stored with exact indicies, which isn't mentioned in the instructions.
This course was quick and concise, and it is by far the simplest way to understand a very complicated topic. I've been studying AI and neural networks for over a year now, and this course still managed to make some things click for me. It's amazing how differently you learn when you're forced to implement these networks practically by hand, no tf or keras. Great job Professor Andrew Ng and the rest of deeplearning.ai staff!
I was able to complete this in a weekend. I went from knowing nothing about "deep neural networks" to completely grasping the idea and theory behind neural networks. It is clear that a lot of care was put into perfecting the notation. One remark: at some point we decide to call the aggregate of w.T as W. There's obviously good reason to do this, but I think that should be stated more explicitly. Wonderful course Andrew Ng!
The course was beyond my expectations! I have no background in machine learning and my python skills were very basic, with Andrew's teaching methods, now I have a good understanding of how exactly neural networks work and how to implement them from scratch, the programming assignments were fun, and also my python skills improved a lot. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to begin a journey in the deep learning world.
This is an amazing course! Andrew drives you through the complicated essential steps of understanding the neural networks very smoothly so that in the end it stays in your head forever!The programming assignment are the best among the others! They look very simple, just 1 or max 2 lines of code, but it really helps you to get used to the notations, logic and overall principles of the neural networks! Thank you so much !!!
I had an incredible journey through the initial concepts of deep learning, and I cannot believe that I have just built a L-Layer Neural Network capable of recognizing pictures of cats, even the most strange ones I could find...A big thank you to Andrew Ng who is very clear, pedagogical and didactic, and manages to convey in relatively simple terms what appears today like extremely complex notions. Well done and thank you.
I am someone who has a background in some basic machine learning and intermediate Python programming skills. However, I have always struggled with rigorous mathematical implementations that are required in deep learning. Dr. Ng has been the only person who was able to sufficiently explain for me. This is a great course, and I highly recommend it to anyone wanting to learn more about the inner workings of a Neural Network!
Great course! I've used neural networks before but it is really nice to understand the detailed process of it. If you have strong mathematical background you will really enjoy this course but you can also enjoy it without trying to understand all of it. It would be nice if some programing assignments were more open. The current ones are too guided for my taste. However I understand this facilitates grading the exercises.
highly interesting. I loved the course approach that aims to teach not only few lines of code but also the why/how/when those lines became important. ML Evolution and interviews to field heroes is something powerful I could find exclusively here. On the technical side the clear explanation, and related examples, of vectorization and all the steps, layer by layer, index by index, of a fwd and bkw propagation is priceless.
This whole specialization/set is a great foundation on the theory for deep learning.  It provides the why rather than just teaching various tool/functions.  Andrew Ng is a very good, positive, encouraging, and respectful teacher (especially to one trying to learn the topics).  Online learning feels so much better than grad school one-time pass on classes because I can go back to the sessions and refresh my understanding.
I won't say the course materials are brilliant, nothing else can be expected from the greatest machine learning teacher Andrew Ng, but the questions, the portals and the programming  questions are thought-provoking and intuitive. This actually gave a shape in my understanding in Deep learning which is an undefinable help for upcoming placement season and my M.Tech Thesis. Thank you, Coursera and Thank you, Andrew Ng Sir.
One more time Andrew Ng makes understanding complex things attainable. It's amazing understating and building Deep Neural Networks by applying all theoretical concepts and math. Indeed, this course leads you to reveal what's going behind the scenes in Deep Learning, instead of just calling "magic" APIs from modern frameworks. I strongly recommend this course. Background in Linear Algebra, Calculus and Python helps a lot.
The lecture videos are top-notch, very well explained and course materials are readily available. The discussion forums are very active as well and have been tremendously helpful for me. Would recommend this course to my peers in university as well. This course has been exceptionally helpful for me to gain some more insight on Deep Learning and NN as a whole since my minor specialization lies in AI & Intelligent Systems.
Andrew Ng is as always a very good teacher. The course is quite easy  and I recommend it mostly for beginners.  If you are already familiar with the topic you can certainly pick up some interesting tips but it is better to watch videos at 1.5 or skip through the content . The programming exercices are interesting, but too simple (there are only obvious one-liners to fillin) and can take a little less time than displayed.
This course wil not only help you understand the concepts and codes behind neural networks  but also helps to visualize them in your head which is truly amazing . I always wondered how gradient descent works and now I have implemented that which is super cool. And in school or colleges no one told us what is the use of derivatives , well in this course I truly understood the essence of Chain Rule which just made my day.
Very good course. Considering my math skills are like 15-20 years rusted and I didn't know any Python before the course I felt very well mentored and lead through the programming step by step. The amazing thing, as Adrian also says, is that it's not in the programming, the magic is in the data.Although I still don't fully understand where that Schroedingers cat/no-cat is hiding in the pixel data IT WORKS amazingly well.
Before doing this course neural networks seemed an impossible concept to learn .but along the way with Professor Andrew great way of explaining the intuition behind complex aspects and making them so simple and the high quality assignments.I can now say with confidence i know about neural networks and even can implement them from scratch using a python or any other programming language.Thank you Coursera for this course
The course was great and I learnt a lot from Andrew NG, one of the course instructors.It's really a great course and I would recommend this to everyone aspiring to gain an insight into deep learning and neural networks.The only thing worth improvement is the robustness of the assignments and to include and extra lecture at the end of the course to guide the students what sort of things to do next.Thanks,Suraj Upadhyay.
I am a Chinese student. It was very hard for me to learn a  completely English course at first, but after two weeks, I have fully adapted to it. This course is not so difficult. Professor Andrew talks in great detail. If you are interested in AI, you must keep on learning, and you will certainly get something. By the way, be sure to make good use of the forum when you are learning, you will get a lot of useful answers!
The course video lectures are perfect to grasp the basic understanding of Deep learning and what it really is about. However, the assignments should be made more flexible and not bounded to specific format as provided. The students should think themselves and create the codes rather than giving a pre-defined format. Nevertheless, the course is indeed excellent for students to have better understanding of deep learning.
This is an outstanding course which covers the concepts and mathematics of Neural Networks very well. Professor Andrew Ng is an outstanding teacher and the way he explains and clarifies all the concepts, techniques and the mathematics involved is simply outstanding. Moreover the programming assignments are excellent and really provide detailed and precise instructions on developing each of the main parts of the system.
This lesson is excellent! The first time I see this lesson and Machine Learning I decide to learn it no matter how difficult it is. I do not major in computer science but the knowledge related to Machine Learning and Deep Learning is not so hard to understand. I feel ashamed that I have not found this lesson earlier. I will try my best to learn all the five lessons. After all, the subject I major in is called Big Data!
I really enjoyed and benefited from the simplified presentation of neural networks in this course. The method of calculating partial derivatives via the computation graph was particularly instructive and brought me one step closer to really getting my head around the mathematics of backpropagation. Future endeavors with more mathematically detailed presentations will likely bear more fruit for me thanks to this course.
Andrew manages to teach the processes of deep learning in a way I've never seen before. Instead of just being able to do operations featured in the course, I now have an intuition about taking things a lot further and into different fields.More importantly, I'm really excited — it's been so good, I completed the first four weeks in just over one.Thank you very very much to all who have facilitated this specialisation.
One of the best course for deep learning if you know a little bit about it and are familiar with python, don't worry about the mathematics, although it has been covered in the course, it is optional and in such a way that it's totally fine if you want to skip it, but according to me one should at the least try to understand it, luckily I am from a mathematical background and therefore it was easy for me to understand.
I like the pace of the course: not too fast, not too slow. Professor Andrew Ng repeats the most important topics each week so it helps to remember things better. The programming assignments are relatively easy--you can reuse the functions you created in the previous week. But even with these relatively easy assignments, you create your own real neural network from scratch! Looking forward to starting the next course!
Incredibly well thought out introductory course to artificial neural networks. Particularly appreciated the intent to have the student build every function relevant for the construction of the neural network architecture on his/her own. The final assignment is extremely instructive and I am sure I will review it multiple times in the future, as it is a great way to dissect the principal steps in forward and backprop.
One of the best course to start learning Neural network.It is a big confidence booster as after going through the course you get aware how a neural network works mathematically and get comfortable building it from scratch.The assignments are well designed and you feel motivated to attempt it and the learning from the course become clearer after attempting these.Must take course for people interested in deep learning.
After having done Machine Learning (Andrew Ng) I registered for the specialization courses of Deep Learning. Key words for this course: practical, to-the-point, good sense what is a neural network and how it works. I liked (Python) Notebook: excellent tool. I watch Andrews online video lecture while commuting to work. Now I can also do the assignment on my way to office.Can't wait to start with the second course! :-)
Awesome experience i had while doing this Neural Networks and Deep Learning. Hats off to Andrew NG and his team for the wonderful design of course with graded programming assignment. Teaching Deep learning is very difficult which involves multiple parameters to learn and remember, that up to graded programming assignment is having deep complexity. I strongly recommend this course to first time learners of ANN and DL
Before this course, I was scared to approach ML concepts and tried avoiding the math altogether. Andrew explains the details in depth just to revise or clear concepts, glad I came across this course but I should have completed it ages ago. with a little bit extra resources to refer, you can master the understanding to get a solid foundation in these concepts for further exploring though kaggle or any other platform.
Amazing as always. I find the notation very clear, and I appreciate the effort and the clarity in diagrams and helper functions. It would be really nice to have a video on how you worked through a test case on those small unit tests. The results for these do not seem instant to obtain and perhaps many people just would omit them in practice, while they are of vital importance to get something like this working good.
One of the best courses out there to get you on a solid ground for the math and technology.  Some of the exercises and quizzes have problems.  Some issues include asking graded questions on material that does not appear till the next section and lab exercises that require information not covered in the lectures or depend on author's knowledge unknown to students.  Some of the graded exercises don't accurately score.
First of all I would like to say that this is a wonderful course for the beginners who often wonder how to start and enter into the world of artificial intelligence. This course can be taken to build strong foundation and once foundation is strong, one can further look to dive down into the complex world of artificial inteliigence. Also, I would like to say Thanks to Coursera for providing me with the fee waive off.
Great course! Andrew did a good job in explaining the different systems of neural networks and the way  they could be implemented in your own environment. In the videos he did explain everything step by step, so you could slowly getting deeper in all the math and layered networks. The different assignments were the best way to see the results of implementing an neural network. I'm looking forward to the next course.
Easy to follow and super useful. Clearly Andrew Ng has spent a great deal of time preparing this course. Some of you may have also completed his other course "Machine Learning" at Stanford University - this course is very similar, but slightly more elaborate. In addition (and this is of course a matter of taste), I find the Jupyter Notebook/Python environment much more convenient than the Octave/Matlab environment.
The lectures are thorough and concepts are introduced in a step-by-step way that aid in clarity. This course takes a lot of time, so I suggest that you don't take others at the same time if you are also working, etc. I made the mistake of starting a new job, taking this course and an astronomy course at the same time, and it's a lot. That said, definitely worth it and I'm excited for the rest of the specialization.
Through this course, I have a good understanding of the building blocks of a deep neural network and I have learnt how to assemble one from scratch myself. This course did a great job de-mystifying deep neural network, which is really built on the basic concepts of machine learning, like gradient descent. I recommend this course to anyone with basic machine learning knowledge and a familiarity with Python (numpy).
Best introductory ML course on the Internet! Students of this course will find it extremely useful to go through the Calculus and Linear Algebra courses at ocw.mit.edu to gain a deeper understanding of ML. Students of this course will also find it greatly enlightening to derive all the formulas presented in this course without proof for themselves using their knowledge of Multivariable Calculus and Linear Algebra.
Very thorough and suitable for people who are interested in learning neural network and its implementation in Python. I particularly enjoyed the clear explanation and emphasis on the algebra behind the forward and backward propagation algorithms. Excited to start my next course in the specialization!However, I think I would definitely learn more if the programming assignments' instructions were less comprehensive.
Just one word "Awesome". Sir Andrew Ng is an amazing teacher, he simplifies the concept so brilliantly that one can understand easily.Just one little request , can u please make a course on all the other libraries used ,for example matplotlib,scipy,sclearn etc, because though i completed the course , i don't feel satisfied as I will not be able to implement this for my work due to no knowledge of those libraries.
I'm here for my role model Prof.Andrew !.I am a noob in python and thanks to him, Python now looks easy.This i would say is a must course for someone who would want to get specialized in deep learning and who has basic knowledge of machine learning. I have gotten benefitted a lot by this course and i hope this will help me fetch a job and I'll be back to pay my course fees with double the amount as I had promised
Even though I already took Deep Learning courses (including in my Master degree), I thought of refreshing my DL conceptualization and ideas through this course. It did not disappoint me at all. Very well structured, clear explanations yet interesting even for those who already have some background, and coding exercises help you build a correct foundation on how to code ML easily in Python! Definitely recommended.
I was very impressed with the quality of Dr.Ng's teaching; simple enough to build confidence in your understanding of the inner workings of neural networks yet thorough enough to prepare you for deeper study (academic or otherwise). For $50 this course is a steal; you could go gather all the information & struggle through it yourself but be prepared to spend a lot of time & effort sifting through mis-information.
This course is a must-invested course with respect to time and efforts who are serious to kick-start the career in A.I/M.L. The quizzes and assignments are so well-designed that one can check his/her progress after each week. The practical insight which one gains will include: back-propagation intuition, feed forward propagation,gradient descent algorithm, logistic regression and finally the Deep neural network.
This is a great course that introduce you to that fancy and complex looking term (neural networks). The instructor introduced the topic by taking small steps , which is the best part of the course. The teaching in videos is really up-to sufficient depth to grasp the concepts and the programming assignment were really well organised and gave to actually implement and test the theory stuff,really liked the course.
Truly a very insightful introductory course to Neural Networks. I am no longer allegic to mathematical notations, linear algebra and vectorizations. Following the explanations in this course is a fast track to understand the basics of Neural Networks, much faster than reading online references or textbooks. After taking this course, I am very much looking forward to take other courses, especially from Andrew Ng.
goes in depth with the intuition behind neural networks, which makes the programming so much easier (as someone who has struggled with that). i did another course before this for NN and it was nowhere near as good. also teaches good programming practices (assertion for instance) and ensures we know the importance of matrix dimensions. saves so much headache. highly highly recommend this course worth every penny
Very nice, concise course! The programming workbooks must have been a huge amount of work. As a result the assignments were extremely easy (copy & paste mostly), but if one tries this "out in the wild", this requires quite a jump in programming expertise. For this reason, I would have preferred some more "open" assignments where the student has to navigate the python pitfalls himself. Probably not realistic ...
Excellent course for beginners . I had no idea about deep learning when i enrolled in this course but now i have some clear intuitions regarding neural networks . However in this course the professor only explains  about the process and he will not teach about implementation in python . It will be great if he explained about implementation part also . Overall it is the BEST course for beginners .Enjoy learning!
Really easy to understand, though you'll have to work a bit extra to get clear about matrix dimensions.Also, exercises were spoon feeding, i.e., fill in the blanks type. So if you have to learn from them try implementing it on your own personal Jupyter notebook from scratch, without looking at that exercise. Overall, you'll need to do some personal practice apart from the course exercises to have a better grip.
This is a well-designed course even for beginners but it requires some previous python and math (algebra and calculus) knowledge. All the materials are well presented and the assignments gradually help one understand how to connect the dots in deep learning. For those without computer science, engineering, or math background like me be ready for 4 intense weeks with lots of learning, trial, and error. Have fun!
The course is structured very well for a beginner like me  to understand the neural network concepts, particularly forward and backward propagation process  and mathematical relations are dealt so nicely and easy to understand. The practice sessions and programming assignments have given me a good insight on implementation steps/functions  involved to build quintessential neural network model  of Deep learning.
Really loved the course, I would highly recommend taking this course to anyone interested in learning Deep Learning with good foundations and start applying it in projects. There are other courses that I kinda skimmed around but this course has the best balance between application and concepts. It is to be noted that I had already played around ML before so I wasn't so eager to get into the application so fast.
I consider this course is essential among the five courses in Deep Learning Specialization. You are recommended to spend enough time to dwell on the programming assignments in this first course. Don't be in rush to complete this course. Do understand the programming assignments line by line. This understanding will help you roughly understand the internal process of Tensorflow or other deep learning frameworks.
This is an exceptional course, I thought deep learning would be so hard to follow but with Andrew Ng sir's explanation and the programming assignments made it very easy to follow and understand. I recommend this course to everyone who can be a beginner or an expert, this will change your views upon deep learning. Andrew Ng sir you are my hero, I really like his teaching method and how he structures the course.
This course provides outstanding introduction into the subject of deep learning. Andrew Ng step by step explains from very basics of the subject (logistic regression) to very complex deep networks consisting of several hidden layers. Course also provides with amazing programming exercises which builds a clear understanding of what you are doing and how you apply your theoretical knowledge. Thank you very much!
Very good course. If you've taken the machine learning Andrew Ng course, there is a lot of overlap, to the point of redundancy here. It can be good to reinforce concepts, though, and is required for deep learning specialty. If new to this course, it's very good. The exercises are well done in Jupyter notebooks. My only complaint is with regard to technical difficulties saving notebooks for project submission.
This is an excellent course that explains the basics of neural networks. Other sources present a vague idea behind the algorithms and often fail at explaining the essence, but this course goes straight to the foundation of neural networks with a combination of linear algebra and calculus - so eventually nn become a simple set of equations which are easy to comprehend. By far the best course I have ever taken.
This course is great for beginners in deep learning field. It helps in understanding the main concepts such as: how to design model, the main parameters and the hyper-parameters, how to test the model and the difference between the N layer neural network and the deep neural network. The instructor is perfect and the whole course is amazing. I will recommend it to anyone wants to begin in deep learning field.
First course of the Deep Learning specialization. I did it after the Machine Learning course. It is a well structured and progressive course that really explain what is a deep neural network and we build the algorithm in Python step by step. The programming assignments are well prepared and finally give you a good implementation of a neural network as well as a good understanding of how the whole thing work.
it was super super awesome...i thought  deep learning is out of my league , but he braked it to me like a piece of shit..I am currently studying engineering so i had a sense of algebra and calculus...even though he said its had i was able to understand it, as a result now i have a clear foundational idea of how AI  works..its so thrilling and fascinating!!!!! Thank you so much for the course .. lots of love
It's simply an amazing course. No doubt it taught Neural Network but for me most importantly it was a CONFIDENCE BOOSTER, "yes i am building something. It's AWESOME".In the beginning i was getting annoyed because i was unable to find many solutions but the discussion form  have all the required answers only thing needed is patience and calmness to search. IF YOU HAVE ANY QUERY DISCUSSION FORM HAS ITS ANSWER
This is my first course in AI. I am talking about AI a lot with people and had a conceptual feeling about it. After this short course I realized that my feeling about it was not the reality. I did not understand deeply how much the data is important, and that the network is generic. I thought that you need to understand what are the feature that you are looking for before you give it to the computer.Thanks!
This course allows for a very quick review of the basics of neural nets. The coding examples/programming assignments have a lot of training wheels on them, so it is easy to focus on the concepts rather than the mechanics of data loading, cleaning, etc. Some may not like this aspect of the course, but you can always take a look at the utils file to get the details. Thanks for a great course, Andrew and Team!
I enjoyed attending this course very much and have the feeling that I have learned a lot about NN! The course is very well structured, the assignments are extremely helpful to learn how Neural Networks with different architectures work and also how to implement them in Python with enough support to not get stuck during this sometimes complicated tasks to build an NN. I am looking forward to the next course!
This course simplifies the deep learning concepts yet retaining the core mathematical details to leave you satisfied and yet enough curious to study further on your own. It also empowered me through the carefully detailed programming exercises that I can implement the concepts on my own. Overview of python and helpful tricks were really appreciated as well. I'm motivated to take Stanford's CS230 course now.
Excellent course, especially the last programming homework. I really enjoyed the theoretical and programming part of this course. Although I could prove each one of the theoretical of this course there is one big question I have and this what is the rate of the gradient descent approach. It is obvious that the x-axis variables are decreasing at the rate of the derivative, however, this approach works well.
I have just one request Just take 3 layer NN  with 3 or 4 hidden units in each layer and please visualize how the image detection with parameters takes place. What are exactly parameters doing also what  exactly vectorization and code processes during matrix operations . It may give more idea about how exactly pixels are detected and how exactly parameters do for people from mechanical or civil background.
it's really help full course those who is beginner for those its a gold and for those who intermediate stage for those its a special revision in which you will get to know new things which you might miss during your learning professor is awesome his explanation style is awesome and he deliver contains very easy way.Thank you sir we will definitely tell over children that you are the real avengers on earth.
A great introductory course to Deep Learning, and as always, Prof. Andrew Ng makes it sound so easy!A small suggestion from my side would be to maybe increase the difficulty of the programming exercises. Small things like removing the hints, would make students work much harder and learn from experience rather than just copying what's given in the comments.Just a small suggestion, otherwise a great course!
Course is great:What I liked:-Lecturer. He is the best. It could be seen that he loves what he is talking about-Very interesting assignment results.What I disliked:-Assignments are very easy and almost done for you-Some math stuff repeated again and again. This course could be 2-week  long (3 at most). Yes, this could be hard for people who dont know calculus and LA, but they should catch up on their oun.
As always Andrew Ng's way of teaching is as simple that anyone from not much technical or mathematic background can do this course easily. In this course I learned about the basic fundamental of deep learning and how to implement it with multiple number of layers and by using different kind of activation function. This course also teaches back-propagation In a very unique and easy to understand way.Thanks
A great course! Andre Ng is one of the best professors I have ever attended a course from (either live or online). He has a really magical way of breaking down complex ideas and notions, and explaining them in such clear, concise and crisp way that even people totally unfamiliar to the field can easily attend and follow. If only all the professors were as good as Andrew, students would never skip a class!
I've reviewed machine learning and neural networks in the past, but I felt this version to be the best yet.  He introduces all the topics precisely and succinctly, but you will need to know and do calculus outside of the lectures if you want to figure out why some of the derivations come out to be what they are.  Although, knowing and doing the calculus is not necessary to understand and pass this course.
Best online course I've ever taken. Andrew is such a great teacher and always tries to open the black box of Deep learning and break down sophisticated stuff into understandable pieces. Another thing I like this course is the selected exercises assigned for each week, with which not only did I understand the knowledge I've learnt better, but I was applying them to solve some real industry-level problems.
Professor Andrew's explanation about the intuition behind the mathematics of neural networks is one of the best I've ever come across. Its pretty easy to understand even if you're a beginner in the field. Apart from the videos, the programming assignments were fun to do, especially when you watch your loss decrease after each iteration :) . Overall, a very satisfactory experience, 10/10, would recommend.
Hello Andrew, I am a big fan of you. Learning from your every course. Very unfortunate that I can do that remotely only. One
 thing that I want to mention - Can we have lecture notes on coursera, 
just like the way used to in CS229 that we can read before coming to 
next lecture. I found that that was very useful in understanding when 
things get harder.Thanks hope we can improve coursera in that matter.
Before going through this course, I completed a few of fast.ai course vedios, I even read 1st chapter of Michael Nielsen. Went through Derivates, Chain rule , matric multiplication. Only in this course I could get a clear picture of NN and understand how each of math is applied. Andrew was amazing in his explaination.  I really liked those parts where he explained the various ways a equation is notated.
This is a great introduction to deep learning. If you have taken Andrew's Machine Learning course before, this will serve as a nice review of the main ideas behind logistic regression and gradient descent algorithm and also introduce new notation and formulation for deep neural networks. You will also get to experiment with creating your neural networks in Python using different libraries such as numpy.
Great course. Very good learning curve, easy to follow for such a complex topic. As an improvement, it would be nice to have some material in a format re-usable for reference for after the class; the transcripts, the slides disseminated in packs of 1-2 across the videos and the online code make it difficult to review the material at a later time for a real-life scenario outside of this academic context.
Hands on course that goes deep into the subject  when required and offers very well structured programming assignment that gives excellent insight and confidence!Found little challenging due to Python as it was for the first time, so learning loops, matrix, array manipulation would good prior to start this course (it'll save time and focus on building model rather than spending time on learning Python).
Awesome course! I took the previous Machine Learning course taught by Andrew Ng and he is an amazing teacher. Clear, intuitive, to the point and he doesn't complicate things that don't need to be complicated. The style of this course is very similar, with videos of Andrew talking while drawing and explaining the concepts of Neural Networks and Deep Learning. Love it! Oh, and btw.. It's Python this time!
I have only strong points: - simple language and clear explanation - possibility to finish ahead of planned week - good balance between lecture and practice - I really enjoyed the heroes videos - good for beginners in AI as wellI would like to see: - in the heroes videos a bit more technical details on current researches (links, etc) - more exercisesThank you Andrew and to the whole team. It is amazing!
This is probably the best course on deep learning. Although it will be helpful if you completed Machine Learning by Andrew Ng before move on to this course. I found that it is basically the practical implementation of neural network described in ML course by Andrew. As in ML course the practical is on octave while in this course the practical is in python and is in depth explanation of  neural network.
Brilliant lectures by Prof. Andrew Ng, teaching the mathematical framework underlying an L-layered Neural Network accompanied by programming assignments that reinforce your understanding of how the building blocks of a neural network function. The curriculum also ensures that you obtain the knowledge that is fundamental in establishing a foundation for professions in the domain of Machine Learining/AI.
This is quite a heavy course for someone who is a beginner in ML. However it contains all the most important concepts with thorough explanation multiple times, which makes almost everything clear after you finish the course. I also took other online courses in linear algebra and calculus to understand the algorithms better. Algebra is extremely important. Recommend taking a course on it before this one
I had an amazing experience doing this course. The content and the interactive assignments were just amazing. One of the reasons why I love this course is due to the practical application oriented programming assignments in Python, as a programming language such as Python has got a wide range of applications in the field of AI today, and also there are many python libraries to help us get the job done.
This course is designed in a very interesting way to start deep learning. Focus is on mathematics of ML and Programming assignments give hands-on experience to tutorial presentations and theory. Very keen to learn more on this. Programming is best designed for a beginner, i personally excepted some advanced assignments (They can be optional) for building more confidence in learner. Thank you Andrew Ng!
Really great course. As someone who have been working in other areas for quite a few years, seeing what has changed since the days we just talked about multi-layer perceptrons, machine learning and "oldschool" neural nets was really cool. If you're not afraid of a bit of math (some basic linear algebra and calculus) and know a bit of Python, this gives you a great understanding on NN and Deep Learning.
just wow! no words to describe how simple and complex it can be at the same time. Andrew makes concepts from Linear Algebra  really easy to understand and apply it in the Artificial Intelligence field. The course doesn't require deep Calculus knowledge, but in case you have it, it opens up a whole new world. Thanks for offering this amazing course, I look forward to the next ones in this specialization
From the course I have learn how to build a neural networks for my project.But there are some errors in weeks 4 homeworks 4-2 Deep Neural Network - Application v8 where I train two_layer_model can't get the expected output.My cost starts at 0.6950464961800915 and when iteration is 1100 there are a unexpected jump.Finally,so I submit my homeworks and I can't pass the homeworks because of my score is 50.
Very Intuitive and easy to understand course probably the best course I have ever seen on Neural Networks. One drawback I felt was that the programming assignments did too much of hand-holding.Besides that, all everything else was well taught and cleverly structured. Andrew even knows how students taking this course might feel when things don't work out and suggests how he would handle such situations
Never thought would have access to one of the best professors and one of the leading tech minds from the comfort of my home. The ease with which Dr Ng explained the neural network concepts really helped me in understanding the neural networks, especially backprop. Thank you Dr Ng for taking the initiative to democratize AI/ML knowledge and skills. Looking forward to continuing with the specialization.
course is wonderful ,happy to learn with coursera .if explaining the calculus part regarding backward propagation for deep layers with more derived proof (such as activation function,weights etc derivations) , helps the learner bit easier to understand concepts this is what i felt ,while i was going through this course .heartful thanks for TEAM COURSERA for providing such quality platform for learners
I've been looking for a deep learning course from various sources and this is the best. With some heavy mathematics behind, it's not an easy topic to start but Dr. Ng managed it make the materials very informative and applicable. It's also very helpful as the instructor has many years of industrial experience and concepts are introduced with real industry examples. The practices are well-designed too!
A great course by wonderfu Professor Andrew and his team, allows gently dive into the Deep Networks, understand the very fundamentals, what is happening in those neurons, and how the networks performs by itself. And what most important the course PRESENTS powerful tools and techniques (which would be built by yourself!!!) overall reveals the World of Neural Networking. Great course Highly Recommended.
I learned a ton!  I also learned a cat is not always a cat :)   A suggestion would be to offer a 'lesson 0' primer on some of the math skills needed to refresh one's memory.  It's been 20+ years since i've done matrix multiplication and honestly, that is the area I struggled with the most.  Knowing to use np.dot vs *.  I look forward to continuing the learning path and really understanding this topic.
This course was very well structured and organised. I enjoyed doing the programming assignments in each week. I learnt a lot from them. I had some theoretical knowledge of neural networks previously and I was looking for a course to provide me with practice in actually implementing models in code (especially  in Python). And this course did just that. Totally worth the time and effort. Thanks a lot!!
Before starting this course, I used to think that basic building blocks of deep learning libraries like tensorflow, pytorch must be very complex and it beyond the understanding of  common people. However, after finishing this course, I feel that if you know the basics then you can build marvels.  Learning everything from scratch helped me a about some of the important basic concepts of deep learning.
Most deep learning training courses are showing how to use exist algorithm and model to run an interesting application, but this course are trying to teach deep learning from scratch, from basic concept and definition, and at the same time, not falling into math. I will suggest my friends learn this course if they want know not only how to use deep learning tools but also how the deep learning works.
Andrew Ng's classes are always the best compared to ALL online classes that I have taken and seen.  He teaches this difficult topic of "deep neural networks" in such a way that people with basic understandings of calculus and linear algebra can comprehend.His way of teaching and his passion for educating as many people as possible really inspires me to reach my potentials and give it my best effort!
Sir Andrew Ng has always been an amazing teacher! He's made this course highly intuitive and at the correct pace. The assignments were a fun and highly informative too! . This course game me a thorough understanding of neural networks and also helped me with it's implementation. I thank deeplearning.ai and Sir Andrew Ng for creating this course. Looking forward to other parts of this specialization!
Very nice course. This goes into the maths behind backpropagation and make it intuitively understandable. The teacher is great. The assignments are very well prepared as well. On the negative side, I found that too much is already done for us in the assignments. The exercies are broken into minor steps. Thus, we dont have to think much by ourselves and this limits the benefit of doing an assignment.
This course was absolutely marvellous! I very much liked Andrew Ng's calm and understandable presentations, the combination of printed and written "slides", all perfectly structured. I feel that the mix of mathematics and implementation has helped my understanding and made me more enthusiastic for each of those aspects than I would have expected me to become. The quality of the exercises was superb!
I started this course by applying financial aid and it's was a good decision to apply for it by writing 2 paragraphs of 300 words altogether along with my personal informations. I believe this course is composed in a very elegant way by the instructors so that students don't get tired of the hard theories. Besides lectures of Mr. Andrew Ng is really pleasurable because he teaches hard topics easily.
Great introdution to neural networks with useful programming  assignments (python code) that better clarify what taught in videos. This course begins with logistic regression and then extend the concepts to shallow neural network with very clear  notation showing how to implement a neural network from scratch using helper functions. In later weeks  what learned  so far was extended to deep networks.
This course gives you all basic concepts of deep learning like layers, nodes, activation functions , parameters, cost functions etc.The programming assignments help you to  clear the theory part by Prof. Andrew Ng.Programming assignments are good ... basic level... clear the picture of neural networks.Prof. Andrew Ng's teaching style is very nice.. This course helped me a lot . Thank you very much.
The course is great! You will get a good understanding of the math behind the back-propagation. One thing very important in deep learning is optimizing the code because usually training a neural network can take a lot of time. This course equips you with the skill of vectorizing your code  thus avoiding you to write explicit for loops in your code and making your code look easier as well as better.
This is a great course for the introduction of neural networks and deep learning. The materials are very helpful and the jupyter notebook files are straight forward. One minor comment I have for the assignment is it will help if we have an overall picture (or flow chart) of the assignment and all the functions we need to implement at the beginning. In summary, I would recommend to take this course.
Professor Ng presents neat graphs and flow charts that make difficult concepts accessible. The programming assignments have very detailed instructions and explanations. That greatly aided my understanding of my code and how to write them. I completed his earlier Machine Learning under Stanford University not too long ago so I had a little knowledge of machine learning going into the specialisation.
I think that it's a very useful and detailed tutorial for me EVEN though  I had some preliminary knowledge about deep learning. The deduction of forward propagation and especially backward propagation are very helpful in regard to a full understanding of the neural network. I strongly suggest writing something while watching the video. I've benefited a lot from this first course. Thank you Andrew!
Overall great course.  Just a couple of points.  In the Machine Learning course, there were downloadable course notes and slides on each chapter, would be nice to get something like that for this course too.  I am not sure why Python was chosen here and Octave was chosen in Machine Learning.  Somewhat liked Octave more, as it was easier to test in that environment.  But nevertheless enjoyed a lot.
I have implemented various models previously with the help of TF but was always confused that how these works. Got everything from scratch to implementation. Looking forward to completing the specialization course so that I can add Deep Learning in my CV with 101% confidence. Thank You sir Andrew Ng and all the creators of this awesome course and platform to learn Deep Learning (Neural Networks).
An Amazing class to continue study NN. I took it after the Stanford's ML Class (taught by Andrew Ng as well), and it is just great as a follow-up class. There are a few differences in the approach used in implementation NN in this course and Standford's one, and it was great to learn (and as usual it was very well explained). Thanks to Andrew, from a skeptic I'm slowly becoming a believer in DNN.
This course was very helpful, I knew the theory behind deep learning, but to structure your coding in such an extent is really awesome and using the helper functions. Also it allowed me to revisit the basic concepts of deep learning by Andrew NG which was truly wonderful. Everything complex explained in such a simple way. Looking forward for the next 4 courses in this Deeplearning specialization.
Was a great course to start with. NO inbuilt library like tensorflow or scikit, everything was coded by us. So much help was given in coding exercises. This made the exercises easy and interesting. The Week 2 was a bit difficult regarding the order of numpy arrays compared to week 3 and 4. By the end of the course, it was truly encouraging and gave a great insight to L layer deep neural network.
As a linguist with a very shallow mathematical background, even the first few slides with any math in it seemed daunting at first. However, Andrew's explanations are very clear and he covers the same aspects quite a few times. This, together with some research on my own outside of the course material, helped in providing a good, general understanding of how shallow and deep neural networks work.
This course was very useful and taught me the basic intuition for the Deep-learning by teaching the basic architecture of the Neural networks specially Deep Neural Networks.It also taught the Forward and back-word propagation which is the heart and soul of the neural networks.I would really like to thank Andrew Ng for creating this very easy to understand course on Deep-Learning Neural Networks.
Very nice course, I learned practical skills which I can use for my daily work. He could go a bit more into the math details and derive a few things. The practical exercises provided a very big and nice skeleton, so I hardly had to do any debugging to find typos. Most often you get the implementation right in the first attempt. The programming exercises could have been made a bit more difficult.
Very good and informative course. Excellent explanation by Andrew Ng. The programming assignments were very helpful in understanding the concepts especially the hard concepts like backpropagation were very clear. Just a small request to the course coordinators that if you could reduce the amount of code given to us, it would help. Then it will be more challenging and we can think more.Thank you.
This is an excellent course to get started quickly on Deep Learning. It covers the right amount of math fundamentals so as not to turn you away which was great. The programming exercises were extremely useful to understand how to apply DL using python. I recommend this course as one of the best online DL courses out there which helps get you up to speed in the super hot DL domain within a month.
This is a great course on deep learning! Andrew explained things in a very clear way using plain language. I love the coding exercises that were carefully designed in Jupyter Notebook by the instructor and all the TAs. Thank you very much! I can tell you all must have put a lot of time and thoughts into the coding exercise. All the instructions in the notebook made the homework easier to handle.
I think I'll repeat the coding of the NN at the end from scratch as it hand-holds you a bit, so the odds of making errors and thus learning from them are not so high.Apart from that gives you all the concepts you need to know to build fully connected NN (if you like theory you have to know or learn the calculus / algebra parts for the derivatives derivations if you want to do them by yourself).
Loved the course - had to slow myself down to really absorb and toy with the material. Having taken the earlier course in octave, a little adjustment was necessary, but now feel ready to move through the remaining modules and eventually start playing with Tensorflow. Can't imagine anyone claiming to be proficient in ML without the level of hands on, bottom-up approach that this course provides.
This course is well organized and the assignment is well proposed. By studying this course the learner can get a concrete understanding of neural network and get practice by programming using Python. I have learned a lot from this course, even I already have the basic concept on machine learning. I would recommend this course to beginner or student who have already take machine learning course.
I have a sound foundation of Deep Learning after I studied this course, the lectures repeat the core concept of forward/backward propagation again and again from single sigmoid node neural network, single hidden layer neural network, to multi-layers neural networks. After repeatedly think about each W, b, Z, A, dW's shape, I now feel super clear about the NN and how to calculate it. Thank you.
A very nice course, it is well written and well taught. The exercises are interesting, albeit a bit repetitive, and the concepts are presented and explained in a timely manner. The course pace is good, the notation and explanations are clear, and the instructor and mentors provide a lot of help. It is a great introduction to the field, either if you have previous programming experience or not.
Everything about this course is perfect. From wonderful lectures to beautifully commented ipynb that helps a lot while solving programming exercises. Discussion forum helps a lot. "Heroes of dee learning" series is quite inspirational. I would suggest to follow this course with deep learnig book by Goodfellow, Bengio and Courville. You can find the e-book here: http://www.deeplearningbook.org/
This is a really great course for those who have no prior background in machine learning. I had only known about the perceptron and had some mathematical background on linear classifiers. However, I think anyone could benefit greatly from this course. It allows you to learn and understand the fundamentals of building a deep neural network from scratch, instead of just using it as a black box.
Excellent introduction to Neural Networks. Andrew does a pretty good job of explaining the math behind forward-propagation and back-propagation.There is a confusion sometimes between lowercase and uppercase matrices and the dimensions they are supposed to have, but the quizzes and programming assignments force you to figure it out.Good job! I know a lot of work goes into making these classes.
Great course ! + : Structured exercises, very well paced / articulated set of lectures, Professor Andrew Ng, Format of the learning in generalImprovements  : Derivations would be nice (for back propagation), Applications to problems other than a cat image classifier, Showing the 'bigger approach' to deep learning (how to proccess your data, what questions you should be asking yourself, etc..)
The way every single detail is explained in this course has no equivalent in any other courses I took so far. It helped me a lot with my PhD current project to build my own neural network model using Julia Programming language, even though the course is explained in Python (which I have excellent skills in Python) but it is what I learned here can be easily implemented in any other languages
This course is truly amazing. The explanation of Dr. Andrew is very good to understand the concept of machine learning. I was able to acquire important concepts easily and intuitively. Also, the homework of programming is so interesting.  I was able to review what I learned through lectures by the programming assignment.  This is a one of the best machine learning courses I have ever taken !
Sir, Andrew explained every concept so well and step by step through pictorial representation that I was able to visualize each and every gradient equations in my mind, which helped a lot to understand the concepts.I was not able to understand the back propogation concept in machine learning course but here i got that concepts very well. It gave me great confidence. Thank you very much Sir.
I have learned a lot of deep lerning technisisms and stuff that i have heard about but never really understood... Andrew is a great teacher and the methodology of short concise videos help my development a lot. Also the programming assignments help you improve your understanding of the content, by making the practice part of the theorical part learned in the videos. Absolutely recommendable
One of the best introductions to DL,Implementation of each function from scratch, by using helper functions and division of bigger problem into smaller problems and integrating it gave a good approach for general problem solving as well.Appreciate this Course exists, and Thank You Andrew NG for doing something great for human kind, many people are going to use this to do things unimaginable
This is by far the best course on neural network practitioners. Most of the courses either tend to suddenly go too deep into the concepts with heavy lifting required in going through multiple papers or tend to just focus on tools like tensorflow. This course has the balanced approach. The only think I wish more is to point to list of reading resources for beyond the course optional reading.
This course is very helpful if you have some idea from the foundation course Machine learning. Otherwise also it is easy to understand. I got more intuition after doing the first 5 weeks of machine learning course. The intuition which I got pushed me to do weekly homework and watch videos. I am so glad that I know the basics well now. Moving to pursue further courses in this specialisation.
Prof Ng is a great teacher and is good at making the difficult material very easy to learn.  I am very interested in the DL. Before I took this class, I found that since this field is very new so all the material you can find is a little piece and not systematical. This specialization is a wonderful and systematical, easy to learn and fun. Thanks for the great work those teacher have done .
This is an amazing course for getting started with deep learning . I have applied deep learning on few projects I have done before using tensorflow and pytorch but then I never understood much about the working of these neural networks. This course will let you know all the intricate details regarding how the neural network works , it's so simple and beautifully explained by Sir Andrew N.G
This was my second-course online course and I was going with
the normal "keep it casual" behavior till I bumped into a roadblock
!! my assignment 's answer was not correct. Since then I gave extra attention
and found every video so much educational, Andrew is a seamless teacher who
will remind you to stay alert :) the community is very helpful, friendly.
Looking forward to the next courses
This one course on its own has taken me from absolute beginner to really knowledgeable and keen on making my own deep neural networks, I can now implement models and know how to completely implement my very own complete models, choosing my hyper-parameters, etc.. Thank you for this great opportunity, Coursera! And huge thanks to professor Andrew Ng. for his dedicated effort on this course.
Very great course!If you have finished Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course, you may find this a little bit boring and you may finish it only in 1-2 weeks. But still, the programming assignment is worth it. You will build a dynamic neural network, meaning you don't have to change the inner working of the neural network if you want to change the number of layers or number of units per layer.
This course lays out how to build a deep neural network from scratch, slowly and systematically. Its a pleasure to learn this way - step by step with interesting lectures, quizes and assignments.  Andrew is such a gentle and empathetic teacher. He know what will be difficult and walks you through it with the patience of a saint! I feel all set to now take on the next course in this series.
This was the best introduction to the Deep Learning I've ever had. I think without knowing the intuition behind Deep Learning and Artificial Neural Networks you won't be successful in the long run. So, I highly recommend this course if you want to be part of Deep Learning revolution. Just please try to help humanity overcome some fundamental difficulties, not help advertisement companies.
Very nice course, introduces fully the high level "API" of neural networks. Much more clear and understandable that approach from fully mathematical point of view as I had in FFR135 Artificial Neural Networks Course in Chalmers, Sweden. Nice to have all those provided practical exercises. If I would take Neural Networks and Deep Learning before FFR135, my life would be much, much easier!
The content of the course is impeccable. The methodology by which the different subjects are addressed, albeit their complexity, is really organized, making the content accessible for anyone who has the will to learn. Andrew is really patient in his explanations and the way he teaches by writing makes the course more dynamic in comparison with other courses where you only see ppt slides.
It covers all the basics and with codes.  That is so awesome and efficient.  I wish there are summary notes can be more condense and be available at the end of the course and home work solutions print out nicely.  So I can document it easily.  Some automatic grading errors happen such as if I make a mistake in an early one, I fail all after.  So, improvement in that will be nice.  Thanks
At first it was very difficult to follow the lessons. However, if you want to work in this field, you have to study the mathematical meaning behind it. It is a bit boring to do the functions of all mathematical models manually instead of directly using the library, but you really understand which parameter does what and why we should use it. Then the puzzle solves and you say 'Aaaah' :)
This is a perfect course for anyone who wants to get introduced to NN and DL. The lectures are arranged in a meticulous manner and the quizzes test your knowledge thoroughly about all the topics covered. Although the assignments might seem easy for some people, I consider those as the revision of all topics by implementing it with coding in a step-by-step process, rather than as a test.
Excellent course. The concepts and implementations were wonderfully explained. The best explanations of backward propagation and best and easy way to implement them I have found till now! It has also significantly improved the way I write my ML-codes, making it more efficient and short with use of vectorization, broadcasting and parallel processing through numpy functions. Thanks a lot!
A great course for beginners who are starting with Deep Learning! Gave me an accurate and detailed picture of how exactly neural networks internally. Also, the programming assignments are structured well so that you get to practice what you learned in the course but, not making it too complicated so that you spend a large amount of time on them. Overall, a very well structured course !!
Fantastic course. I've taken many probability and statistics courses, a few python courses and now more focused "data science" and ML courses. This course stands out due to: 1- the instructor, a very well known and self-effacing teacher (he's great) and 2- his ease of instruction, his style and his "hands-on" approach to learning about Machine Learning. I strongly recommend this course.
In general a very good course, and I highly recommend it. The lectures by Andrew Ng are easy to follow and focusing on exactly what to know (but at the same time skip some mathematical details). Programming assignments are quite easy but still give good use of the lecture material. If you have some previous experience with machine learning, this is a great introduction to deep learning.
Great course! It gets a bit mathematically involved at times but Professor Ng does an amazing job in breaking it down to the level that anyone can understand. The assignment are really well structured with detailed explanations which make it easy to pass the course even if your programming is not that great. I'm definitely going to continue with the other courses in this specialization.
Incredibly powerful as deep learning itself. Incredible course , amazing instructor, I must say he really puts in a lot of effort teaching and giving insights.However I still believe the world of deeplearning itself has progressed to a much bigger world by itself so you need to go beyond this course as well. However this course in an important stepping stone towards success in the area.
I have been taking this course for 2 weeks now and I feel that this course has been very smooth and easy to understand so far. The course dives into logistic regression and explains how to implement a logistic reg. with gradient descent from scratch. The course discusses various optimization techniques and also discusses some of the common roadblocks that any new student may come across
Everything was laid out in an extremely clear, concise and complete manner. I had no software, CS or machine learning experience before, yet my learning process went extremely smoothly due to the astonishing didactic proclivity from both professor Ng and everyone else involved in the development of the material. Congratulations on achieving such high quality for this broad an audience.
I was able to complete it and get a lot of insights from the course and the discussion forum and thoroughly enjoyed it, even though I didn't have prior knowledge of Machine learning. Though to any future learner I would strongly suggest going through a couple of beginner-level concepts of machine learning like logistic regression, gradients, etc. to extract the 100% out of this course.
This is an amazing course for people who want to get started with neural networks and deep learning. Andrew Sir makes the math behind the scenes very easy to understand. The course is easy to follow as it gradually moves from the basics to more advanced topics, building gradually. Very good starter course on deep learning. Also the Assignments are well-designed too. Highly recommended.
The instructor explains in a very detailed and clear way how to build a DL network from scratch. In addition, he explains important things and does a very quick and awesome introduction in calculating gradients using derivatives. IIf someone has programming experience in Python or other programming languages and wants to get deeper knowledge in ML algorithms, I can highly recommend it.
Just what I was looking for. It's rare if not impossible to find a Deep learning/A.I class that teaches you the basics from the ground up without tensorflow. The explanations could be a little better and the programming assignments could be a little more barebones to learn the material better but all in all I'm very satisfied with the level of instruction and the quality of the course.
This was an awesome course to attend. Course gave me good foundation and motivation to expand my knowledge that is related to deep learning. Andrew's explanations were clear and good, because of that I learned a lot about generals problems that one encounter while trying to develop deep learning application, and besides that, I learned how to build train and apply deep neural network.
Very good introduction to deep learning, at the end of the course one will have the basics to build a simple neural network. You won't understand all the background (that's impossible to explain in just one four-weeks course anyway) but you'll be able to build a simple NN to classify images (if you have well prepared data available). very good first step towards becoming an AI expert.
This course provides best explanation for what a basic deep neural network is , including the necessary linear algebra, logistic regression, neural network and back propagation. The programming assignments provide enough insights and hands-on experience to implement deep neural network for your own application. Many thanks to Prof. Andrew and his team for such a wonderful explanation!
It was a really great course. Mr.Ng explained very complex concepts like the backward and forward propagation very easily. The programming assignments proved to be very helpful in further development of intuition and setting up a connection between concepts and the code. After taking this course I am much more confident in applying deep neural networks to problems. Thank you Mr.Ng :D
Extremely informative course and the way Prof Andrew explains the concepts helps it even more. After becoming comfortable with the notations, matrices, what the dimensions are, the whole process of learning I intend to now go more deeper into the mathematics of Deep Learning as i always found Linear Algebra and calculus interesting and this course just gave me a fascinating foothold.
This is a really great experience to follow with Andrew to learn neural networks. In this course(neural networks and deep learning), I knew the theory of the forward and backword of neural networks and also the implmentation. In addition, I also implemented a small task of logistc regression which help me to look deep into it. I really recommend you to follow this course.! It worth!
Professor Ng, has an uncanny ability to translate material into real world application, and frankly get one excited about possibilities. This is course is no different to his other courses: in depth, bottom up, no shortcuts, with full world applications with a pragmatic understanding of a seasoned professional. Thank you for wonderful material and looking forward to what comes next.
I enjoy this course.  The prof, Andrew Ng, does a good job presenting the materials.  I like that, when he skips over steps in the material, he makes sure to state whether to not worry about what's being skipped or that the skipped material/steps will be covered later.The material takes a bit of digesting, but frequent exposure to the subject matter really helps in familiarization.
Solid foundational course to anybody who wants to understand about Deep Learning, Neural Networks.The assignments are targeted towards with people having little programming expertise. It would be nice to have an optional programming assignment that challenges one's coding skills.I would strongly suggest anybody finishing the course to do the remaining courses in the specialization.
The best introductory course to Deep Learning ever. However, the programming assignments are bit too straightforward. The comments practically tell you what you need to do. That's fine. For people just starting off, a hand-held guide is good. However, there should also be some ungraded exercises which require the student to do some research and come up with a solution of their own.
Excellent course! Highly recommended for those who want to understand how neural networks work. One should have the basic understanding of calculus, matrix calculations and python programming. It is helpful to have the basic understanding of linear regression and machine learning algorithms. Even if you don't understand them beforehand, Andrew explains everything quite thoroughly.
Andrew's method is so simplistic and powerful, I thought to myself there was more to it than what he was giving in the videos. I thought that Deep Networks had to be a complex topic all the way through. I could not be any more wrong as I was able to apply what I have learnt through well-thought, friendly but practical programming assignments. I cannot recommend this course enough.
Professor Ng has made this course every easy to follow, even if you do not have much calculus or linear algebra background. The programming assignments are very well designed, give step-by-step hands-on practice on implementing several Neural Networks, that can really work! I enjoyed this course, and will continue to the next few courses in the specialization. Thanks Professor Ng!
Very useful. This lecture guides me step by step to step into the deep learning field. I do not have any background about the deep learning or neural network, but I  have background of image reconstruction, optimization. So the mathematics in this lecture is not a problem for me, the concept of deep learning is a truely new subject for me. I am going to take the following courses.
The course make the learning very easy and I encourage others to take it. The assignments help learning and change the traditional way we used of understanding the role of it, I see  that it is shift in teaching methods, which encourage many students from different background to learn. and to help the old to learn too please provide written text and don't weak memory disturb them.
This is truly a remarkable course. I have never taken a course that combines concepts with programming  at a foundational level. I would recommend this to anyone how wants to learn Neural Network. I would go so far as to say Python Notebooks at the hands of a great teacher  would  be ideal to teach anything, particularly deepe concepts that invovle programming and experimentation.
Very well organized course content. The bottleneck for learning NN is often the notations and mathematical steps. Prof Andrew has done extremely well to put it very simple and Kudos to Prof Andrew and his team for a very neat organization of programming parts as well.  Many years of efforts to concretely learn a neural network architecture has finally become a reality for me now.
Thanks Andrew, it was really useful, good content, great guidance. You really have a fantastic way of extracting out of the sea of information just the right combination of relevant subjects, and present them in no-boring, mathematical language. I am grateful for the knowledge, and look forward to be your student in the future. Alexander Birger, CIO of Tizbi and FlameOff Coatings
Excellent introduction to Neural Nets and DL ! Dr Ng does an amazing job of explaining forward and back propagation through simple equations and notations. The programming assignments were structured very well so that the job of the student was to focus on the logic and not worry too much about syntax. Overall, it was an amazing experience and a great first step in my DL journey!
Awesome Content. Extremely detailed coverage of basic material. I feel I have a firm understanding of how a neural network operates at the most fundamental level. Having toyed around with TensorFlow I've definitely gained a much stronger understanding of its inner workings. The parameter tuning and layer building are already making substantially more sense to me. Fantastic course
A brilliantly drafted course and a wonderful start to my journey towards deep learning. It started with the very basics of neural networks, and in the end, enabled me to build my own image classifier. I am thankful to Coursera and deeplearning.ai for providing me this opportunity through their financial aid scheme. Looking forward to the rest of the courses in the specialization!
This is a really great introduction to Machine Learning.The lectures were very well paced and the programming exercises weren't very difficult....I'll have to admit I had to watch the videos more then once to make sure I really got it.  In fact, in my 3rd and 4th week I found that reviewing weeks 1 and 2 were very beneficial in getting a good understanding into what was going on.
This course is a very good course for someone who is new to deep learning and want to understand the actions that get unfolded behind the scene . I have used keras to build my neural networks but i always wondered how they work. This course gave answer to lot of my questions. I will recommend every individual to go through the course and understand the integrities of the network.
Here I must say, this course is really really useful and important, and also it is very interesting. The programming assignment is really nice and very helpful. Both the videos and the  assignments are very useful. Thank you for making such a wonderful course. It's really helpful to me and I will keep on learning the Deep Learning course and apply it in medical imaging computing!
This course was great but there was significant overlap with Prof. Ng's more general ML course. In partiuclar, I feel that I learned more form the ML's course (Octave) Neural Nets programming assignments than the programming assignments from this course. In particular, I feel that there might be a little too much scaffolding (i.e., Hand Holding) with the new (Python) assignments.
Excellent course from Andrew Ng and his team, as usual! The programming assignment is really well documented (despite a few tiny errors). I feel really well-guided through the rather complicated implementation of  scaleable neural network and even learnt a few tricks to write clean and more readable python code. Great course. Big thanks to Andrew and his team @ deep learning.ai!!
Great intro to deep learning and I really liked the idea of building it from scratch without using any built in libraries. This helped me gain an immense amount of knowledge about the inner working the so called black box magic of neural nets. Really great intuitive tutorials and amazing explanations. I really appreciate the meticulously in detailed walkthroughs of the exercises.
It was a brilliant kick-off. I acquired the basic knowledge of Deep Learning and even a bit more than basics actually and most importantly the necessary intuition. Andrew Ng hast the best teaching skills and his team prepared a great graded program and teaching/learning materials. I recommend the course everyone who feels lost and does not know where to start with Deep Learning.
I am glad that programming exercises are done in Jupyter Notebook which is common in Machine Learning. Programming exercises are pretty instructive. Course content is sufficient to have an understanding for Neural Networks. After you finished the course, it is better to build your own methods to understand the topic better. Looking forward to learn more with this specialization.
I loved the style in which the course was delivered to the students. Things were explained with such clarity that in one go, you could easily understand the topics being presented in front of you.The Programming assignments were really interesting and were one of the main reasons for me to complete this course. Every time I wondered what is the next assignment going to be about.
I already have a bit of experience in Deep Learning. But this course truly fascinated me on how it is able to teach different concepts, without making you panic! Most important is that, it doesn't use any framework or libraries except for some basic libraries, which in fact made it so special. It's like building up neural networks from scratch. I look forward to the next course.
Andrew is a genius in the realm of making complicated concepts simple through analogy, generalization, and specialization. He is able to quickly give an auxiliary problem that simplifies the descriptions of complex cases. Not to mention his practical advice on the real world applications and problems is basically non-existent in the realm of deep learning education. Great stuff.
A simple but solid introduction to deep learning. If you have a solid technical background, it won't take anywhere close to four weeks of study/work to complete. You won't be ready to use deep learning in meaningful ways on your own, but you will be well-equipped to continue exploring and learning, either through further courses in the specialization on Coursera, or on your own.
Positives:A lot what we need for the basics were clearly explainedAm new to Deep Learning and I thoroughly enjoyed this courseThings that can get better:Would be great if there were videos and programming assignments that would focus on curating/normalizing the data setsWould have been better if there were more videos that explains linearity/non linearity of activation functions
Wonderful learning at its best as could be! My dream come true course. Thank yo Prof. Ng and team Coursera, Stanford University, and all involved. I believe this is the best possible foundation course for an inspiring future. I would like to put in all my creativity and passion with the AI tools, and I am sure I would be able to chase my dreams. See you soon in the next courses.
This was a fantastic introduction to Neural Networks and the concepts of deep learning.  Very understandable content.  The math is broken down into easy to understand chunks.  I have very little Python programming experience, but my experience in R and SAS translated well enough to understand the programming assignments.  Looking forward to the next course in the specialization!
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. The material is presented clearly, concisely and in a sequence that maximizes understanding. Dr Ng is a highly skilled and patient teacher who has a real passion for this subject. It's clear that a lot of care and attention has gone into the preparation of this course. I would like to thank the team for making such a complex topic so accessible.
Excellent explanations and practical hands-on step-by-step instructions make this a course a superior learning experience. The good quality of the learning arises from the amount of thought and execution put into both the structuring and execution of the course. I really look forward to the other courses in this series. Thanks to the effort of everyone behind this course. Kudos!
I really like the way the things are explained in this course. This course helped me to learn from the basics of deep learning. I have tried to learn deep learning from many sources but finally this course helped me to learn from scratch and in a very easy way. The programming assignments helped me to implement the functions through which I was able to understand them properly.
This was the best course and the only course that really makes you know and appreciate the background working of a neural network. This is the only course available on this planet to write code and create a neural network from scratch. I'm very happy that I'm able to appreciate the math behind the neural network. Really, from the bottom of my heart, Thank You Andrew N.G sir!!!!
It would be great if the assessment functions used by default in the notebooks were the most robust ones instead of the not-so-robust ones (but I'm glad there are no peer reviewed programming assignments here). Other than that, I think the content of this course is great, and I learned a lot. The forum (and the mentors in it) was super useful. Also, the professor is great, too!
Amazing course content and superb instructor. Previously I tried to learn NN from various other sources but the problem was after few lectures things started getting pretty complicated and therefore It was difficult to follow. Andrew made weeks content pretty much which you exactly want to learn. I have completed first course very fast. Thanks a lot entire deeplearning.ai team.
Very detailed course. Really liked the step by step matrix calculations. It gave a thorough understanding of the underlying mechanisms of  training neural networks. Backpropagation was brilliantly explained. Before this I saw a similar explanation of Backpropagation in Colah's Blog. The exercises were nice and gave a very good understanding of the concepts. Thanks a lot Andrew.
Best course to get started in deep learning. The teacher is just amazing. Difficult concepts are broken into smaller sub-concepts and then explained very clearly. While taking the course, one can actually get the feel of what are forward and back props etc and their significance. 100 % application of theoretical knowledge gained through lectures to the programming assignments.
It was an amazing experience for me. After completing this course, now I clearly understand how learning happens in a neural network. I have a clear picture of forward-propagation, back-propagation and parameter updating.Compared to Andrew's ML course, this course provides a more comprehensive and simplified explanation of Neural Networks and the steps of the learning process.
This course has really explained all in details. I like jyputer notebooks, there everything is step by step, and you dont use some libraries as keras, you write your own functions and then connect them. As I am only 15 years old it was a bit hard for me to begin, but Andrew made it for me, I didnt even realize it. Thank you very much. Looking for courses to learn math from you
I found this course easy and exciting to learn. All the course materials are so well structured that if anyone has interest can surely grasp the ideas behind. Programming assignments are well guided. The best part is  the instructor Mr. Ng himself has explained which section a learner may find little tough and put extra effort to make a clear picture of it. Highly recommended.
This was a fantastic course. Dr Ng explained the underlying maths and concepts extremely well, and the lectures were engaging.The only recommendation I would make to the course staff is to add more 'in-lecture' quiz questions - we had them in Weeks 1 & 2, but not in 3 & 4. I found those very helpful for getting immediate feedback on whether I understood the material presented.
Very good course on Neural Networks and Deep Learning with various programming assignments using Python and Numpy, and which culminates with a programming assignment about building and training a deep L-layer Neural Network! The course also explains key notions such as forward propagation, back propagation, hidden layers, vectorization, random initialization, hyperparameters.
Very good course! The videos give a very clear explanation about the theory behind deep learning and the programming assignments give hands-on experience making me understand the theory better and making it eventually easier to apply deep learning by myself. I would recommend everyone that wants to start learning about deep learning to take this course, it was really helpful!
This is exactly what I was looking for.  I have went down many rabbit holes trying to truly understand the inner workings of neural networks and was just not getting it.  This is definitely not a rabbit hole and I now can move forward with confidence.  It's like the fog has lifted. i am looking forward to the rest of the courses in the Deep Learning Specialization and beyond.
It's an outstanding course for the beginners who have just started deep learning. The instructor cleared each topic with lot of emphasizes and helped a lot for making the assignments done more accurately. The basic neural network formation and binary classification is quite clear for me now. Hopefully the next courses will be very useful like this. So looking forward to that.
Implementing weekly lectures from week 2 onwards provided a deep insight to all the theory and built confidence in me from a very early stage. The instructions in python notebook was crucial and supplemented the videos in a great manner. I look forward to experience the same throughout the remaining 4 courses. Thanks a lot for the effort made by everyone who built the course.
This is a challenging course. If you know calculus and have other programming experience, you can probably figure it out without Python expertise. If you know Python and machine learning, you can probably figure it out. If you do not know Python, Statistics, Machine Learning, or Pr-Calculus, you will probably need to do some prerequisites. I am really glad I took this course.
Enrolling in this specialization was the best decision. Sir Andrew taught Logistic Regression, Neural Networks, Deep Neural Networks amazingly using Calculus and then taught how to optimize the code using Vectorization. The interviews in the course were also really helpful to know the work currently being done on Deep Neural Nets in the industry and were really motivational.
Very nice and deep course for Deep Learning. After finishing all the course videos and programming assignments, I have a great view of deep learning and a comprehensive basic knowledge about backward propagation as well as gradient descent using in deep learning. Thanks Prof. Ng and Coursera to provide such a platform to provide me such opportunity to learn deep learning. :)
This course was really the one of the best to start with NNs and even after many videos from other courses my backprop wasn't clear but after this course my both forward and backprop concepts are fully cleared . I thanks to Andrew Sir for teaching and all others for the support A special thanks to coursera for giving me the opportunity to take the course and fulfill my dream
It is always very informative with Andrew Ng course design. In depth math behind the algorithms helps one to have a good foundation and knowledge. With which can build up their respective domain knowledge. In fact I am more interested to do further calculus and math courses just to get to understand the methods better. Thank you for providing such a great structured program.
An excellent introduction to "Deep Learning" . It provides detailed instructions to get a good intuition of the concepts. It has a perfect blend of math and concepts to just get started. One of the topics that made me think was vectorization. Even though I knew Numpy's methods like matmul, dot - only now I could appreciate the difference. Thanks to this course and Andrew NG!
Very helpful. One suggestion though: it would be nice if Andrew would more explicitely state (and probably earlier) when he skips some math explanation - there were some steps wrt derivative of matrices where I did not understand how he got there until I realized that he just presented the formula and there was nothing I missed because it was not explained in detail anyways.
This is the best deep learning course online. I took this course as a beginner with almost zero programming background, but Prof. Andrew Ng managed to explain everything so clearly. I especially like how he clearly communicated the intuitions about different algorithms and parameters. Very helpful course and a good thing to learn during this complicated stay-at-home period.
Comprehensive and informative. Starts off with the basics and builds up to where I had a much better understanding of neural networks after completing the course than going in. Also does a good job of providing mathematical justifications for everything presented. Was not too difficult but after completing the final project you realize that you have learned a decent amount.
Excellent course. Easy to follow the complex concepts with the intuition. You can't expect more than what this course author teaches. Well organized content, quiz challenges, assignment and a lot of help content. Though I don't hangout on forums that much, seems friendly, intelligent forum for those seek peer help. Overall it is a great course to learn the deep learning.ai.
Dr. Ng teaches not only the concepts behind deep learning but the implementations as well. The pace of the course and the mix of theory, math and practicality is optimal to get you up and running in the deep learning space in the shortest possible time. Now, if you'll pardon me, I have to update the software on my self-driving car - beep beep!-George Roberts, Data Scientist
With this course, Andrew Ng gives a beautiful intuition of backpropagation, something that I felt was missing in the Machine Learning course. He has delivered on all the learning objectives that were laid down before I started the course. Also, I felt that the programming assignments taught me a lot about not just programming neural networks but also programming in general.
This course is very basic for new deep learning beginners who invest in the deep learning seriously. I can study some tips and tricks that are very useful when I programmed Python. I think these guidelines are valuable for me, which helps me to complete this course very quickly and easy-to-use in my other applications. Thank you so much for all of you for this first course.
Excellent and thorough introduction to shallow and deep neural networks! The lecture videos are in-depth, easy to follow, and provide enough mathematics direction for those with little calculus experience and for those with a good deal of it. A beautiful connection among linear algebra, calculus, and computer science. I am moving on to the second course. I am very excited!
I've always enjoyed Andrew Ng's course starting from his Machine learning course broadcasted in 2011. This course was particularly a beginner level AI course. It would've been better if the coding exercises were a little bit harder. All the steps were given in advance which made it really easy to complete the entire exercise within 30 minutes eventhough I am new to Python.
!!!! The best class on neural networks!!! Strong recommend!!!Thank you for all teachers and students who make this class for us online! It's really a great class and programming exercises are great! I can really learn something and begin to know how to build my model! Thank you, Andrew Ng! and thanks for coursera that let me have chance to learn this class. (Financial Aid)
The course Neural Networks and Deep Learning was a great experience for me. Professor Ng and the mentors are very knowledgeful and professional. The second week was quite hard but still manageable concerning theory. The programming exercises are really cool and at the end the student has a running framework to implement a deep neural network. Definitely five stars of five.
Excellent course & many thanks Prof. Andrew Ng! The parts that I like the most is the clear & easy-to-understand explanations for gradient descent, forward & backward prop. Compared to other online resources where the explanations went lost in thick jungle of maths, Prof. Andrew Ng managed to keep the maths at the right amount but not losing touch on the necessary details.
Very interesting course, It's easier to start with this one than the bigger Machine Learning course from Andrew (obviously, it's covering less material than this one). Being fluent in Python and Numpy will certainly make you feel more at ease but there is a lot of material to be able to cope with this difficulty. Can't wait to complete next courses from the specialization.
Excellent course materials make the neural networks not mysterious any more. From easy examples to more complex ones,  from equations to coding exercise, the student can gradually learn the inner working of neural networks. This is a much better approach than starting with those big daunting back propagation equations. Andrew Ng's teaching was as good as his Stanford days.
This course is awesome. You are going to build your own neural networks, with multiple hidden layers, on your own in Python. The things that are best about this course is that it will not just teach one how to implement the neural network but also the proper way to day that, with vectorization. The assignments are pretty easy but very helpful in understanding the concepts.
This course has been very carefully thought out to make it as approachable as possible. Andrew Ng is an amazing teacher, taking difficult material and making it seem clear, intuitive and reasonable. The integration of Jupyter Notebooks for the programming exercises is brilliant: I spend zero time fussing with infrastructure and 100% of my time learning the material. Bravo.
This is a great course for me who have no idea about DL. NN Concepts are explained until tiny details. Math seems not that difficult but also explained well especially derivatives part. For now, I don't understand all codes meaning in programming assignment, although this is good to get insight about how NN works. A good foundation for you who wants to step further in DL.
this is an excellent course for programmers who want to delve into the deep learning world. Professor Andrew explained everything intuitively. Even one who is not good at mathematics also can do this course. even though Andrew explained it very easily you have to do some work and read, watch and rewatch the videos so that you could get a good understanding of the concept.
I loved the learning experience. Complex topics have been covered in a very step by step manner that is easy to digest. Being familiar with calculus helped me understand math and derivations of the formulae used. I would suggest adding additional  (optional) videos that dwell a bit more in the math behind backpropagation.  Otherwise, I am highly satisfied with the course.
You'll get the most of this course if you took Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course, at least until the weeks that covered neural networks. Thank you to the course instructors, TAs and organizers. Andrew Ng can teach machine learning to a brick, he delivers the content with clarity and simplicity so much so you're learning complex concepts without realizing it.Had a blast!
Great introductory course of neural networks. Some more mathematical details would have been nice, but that is outside the scope. Programming assignments were easy (assuming prior knowledge of a programming language). I feel I know enough to start reading some literature on neural networks, and understand the basics of whats implemented in packages like caffee and theano.
i am a math-physicist with lots of experience in C and other programming languages, but no previous contact with neural nets, i really enjoyed these lectures, after which i could program my own small NN from scratch on  my PC. These lectures are  nice and the exercises at the same time easy and very enlightening. I strongly recommend this course whatever your background.
I had a very elementary knowledge of Python from a college course I took 6 years ago. Luckily, my linear algebra skills are much stronger and carried me through most of the course. It's VERY well done! After just four weeks I feel like I have enough to start my own DL algorithms. I can't wait to see where I am at the end of this specialization. 5 stars, highly recommend!
I liked the course. I even learned a bit of Python ;-)  I'm not a machine learning expert, so cannot really judge the content. I have a suggestion though: make the programming assignment grader more verbose,  i.e., provide the input and expected output when the student's code is deemed incorrect. The input and expected output can be generated randomly at each submission.
Excellent introduction course in Neural Networks concepts and Deep Learning delivered by Andrew NG. Highly recomended for anyone interetsed !Would be beneficial for students to have the slides accompaning the videos, especially the ones oultining the core concepts of the model architecture and components, vectorization forward/backward propagation, and gradient descent.
This is one of the best courses if you want to start learning deep learning from scratch, all the maths has been explained simply and intuition on how neural nets work has been conveyed briefly. Understanding deep learning from basics allows one to practise it on programming frameworks easily hence i am very thankfull to coursera and Andrew NG for putting up this course
I've dreamed about such course for a long time, but I've couldn't find anything similar to this in my native language. Firstly I thought that this one is gonna be hard for me cause I don't know English well enough, but passing it through I've improved much in English (as a language) and learned a lot about deep nets!!!! THANKS A LOT TO AUTHORS OF THIS COURSE!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great course! I like the way Andrew is writing on the slides while talking. For me this is the best way of teaching. The curriculum is well made, the videos are of appropriate length, there is explanation of (almost) all math behind deep learning, and tips for writing code are much appreciated. Also, exercises are complex just enough to understand the teaching material.
Very good introductory course on deep learning. One of the thing i like the most about this course is that it keeps conventions(superscript, subscript etc) and emphasise it multiple times throughout this course. In most texts and papers, they all have different naming conventions which confuses beginner. This course has done particularly well on this subject. Well done.
Very useful course for those who want to start their career in Deep Learning. He explained everything in a detailed manner. The assignments are awesome. The jupyter notebook guides you throughout the assignment. You will get full clarity on how Logistic Regression and Neural networks work and how to implement them. Thank you Andrew Ng sir, for providing us good courses.
Once again professor Andrew has guided me along such a powerful course, on Deep Learning this time. This first course in this specialization it's so amazing because Andrew guides us towards every detail without making it too difficult. The methodology used in this first course it's clean, polished, and very rich in content. Already on the hype to start the next course!
I got to learn the basics of Neural Network right from the start. Then Andrew Sir through his progressive and simplified teaching helped in building the whole Neural Network through smaller steps. And at last go t to  do a binary classification project on recognizing cat vs no-cat. Andrew sir is best in the business when it comes to making this simplified and teaching.
The concepts were explained in a very easy to understand manner. There was at times too mch math and formulations but ofcourse, even if we use libraries to do that for us, we should still know what going on in the background which allows to more power to tune and restructure these models. So great learning experience and ready for the next course of the specialization.
An excellent course where I understood why deep learning is called so. I also gained a lot of intuitions and perspectives on deep neural networks. Most importantly, having derived the equations of the backpropagation algorithm with the help of the course material here gives me a lot of satisfaction. I would give a 5/5 to Sir Andrew's teaching! Crisp and crystal clear!!
Andrew ng is so brilliant and nice ! The course is so hard core including all neccessiry concepts to master deeplearning and is not so hard to understand at the same the! I'm a freelancer, and I want to make autocoding tools by AI, it's so useful for me even though it's far long time to make really autocoding, but a new and efficient method to achieve the coal!Think U!
The course has really explained me well how to construct neural networks, what is the main idea behind it's working. Vectorization techniques and much more. It moves with simple logistic regression to deep neural network. The most motivating were the interviews in which sir Andrew introduces us to well known people who have made contributions in Neural Networks and AI.
This course is really well designed in such a way that learners can easily understand the content such as the computation process and the complicated theories. I would highly recommend anyone, no matter which industry you are working in, take this course and apply the knowledge to improve your work efficiency. This course has helped me to get started with deep learning
A step by step and right from scratch explanation of neural networks and deep learning taught by my favorite Machine Learning hero, with quizzes and programming assignments in Python to ensure concepts are well mastered. I recommend previous exposure to Python and Machine Learning to make the most of this course (Ng's Coursera's course provides a very solid foundation)
Gentle introduction to the very exciting field of neural networks and deep learning. It doesn't delve into the underlying math in great depth, which in my opinion would be good to learn, but it certainly provides students with intuitions and guidelines on how to build their own deep learning applications. As always, thank you so much for this amazing course, Andrew Ng.
Amazing course, though if you already know how a Multi Layer Perceptron works internally, unless you love as much as me this topic, this is not your course. Andrew reviews very clearly all the basic theory behind forward and backward pass of neural networks. You finish programming your MLP! with number of layers parametrized! amazing. Perfect for beginners or mid-users
The course gave very "deep" understanding of the Deep Learning and Artificial Neural Network. The course content was designed for absolute beginner to deep learning and python programming like me. The concepts were taught from first principles and in depth explanation of each step. Thank you deep learning.ai, Mr. Andrew Ng, the course designing community and Coursera.
This first course is a great introduction to the concepts of Deep Learning and the field of AI. If really interested in understanding how Neural Networks work and are trained, this course is the first step to do so. What I liked about the course and lectures is that the Professor clearly explains the link between the mathematical fundamentals and the programming part.
Really great course. Love the interactive notebook homework assignments. That said, I think the notebook exercises hold your hand through too much. I think the homework assignments give you an understanding of what an implemented DNN model looks like, but they don't prepare you well to re-derive all the equations or architecture on your own. That's a different course.
Well, this course is a nice beginning class for the freshman in neural networks or deep learning. The programming assignment is interesting and encouraging. What interest me most is the interview with Hinton and Ian Goodfellow, which is a great motivation for me to work harder on my current research topic and try to follow their suggestions to deep learning beginners.
Fantastic introduction to the basic ideas of neural networks and how forward and back propagation work at the mathematical level. Andrew does a good job of abstracting away of lot of the calculus required to understand backpropagation whilst giving you at least an idea of how it was derived.The programming assignments help ground your understanding of the topics well.
Taught by a really knowledgeable and great teacher, Andrew Ng. The course was very informative and taught me Deep Learning from the very scratch. Best of all, after the course, I'm confident about implementing Neural Networks. Every doubt and every basic detail regarding mathematics or programming was cleared thoroughly. I highly recommend the course to everyone!😃😃
A great introduction to Deep learning - brushing up Python programming (including tricks such as Broadcasting), a clear understanding of the basics of Artificial Neural Nets, along with great techniques such as Forward Propagation, Backward Propagation. Happy to have stumbled upon this course - increases my desire to work and contribute to the field of Deep Learning.
So far, I read some books and used NN framework softwares and found it worked pretty good, but I was avoiding to understand "how" they are working exactly.  Now I have confidence, by implementing NN code without such framework software, that I can implement NN by myself if needed.  I'm thinking to re-read the books and also to try enrollment in more advanced courses.
Excellent course... Andrew and your team  really deep in the waters of Deep Learning and teach us in a extraordinary way... I love how communicate and guide through entire course. Exercise and notebooks are really amazing.. and guidance has been key to complete the course.Thank you so much to Andrew and his team !!.. Enjoy this course and i'll keep in next courses...
The content of the course is of very high quality. There is enough math to get by but deriving the equations have been left completely out and derivatives for example are just given. So overall very good for learning the concepts but doesn't include in-depth math. The exercises are on the easy side but for a beginners it's not a bad thing, they are still very useful.
Well, Now I am much more confident in Deep Learning. Guess what is the reason? It's this course. This course is magical in its true sense. Andrew Ng explains everything so well that even if we think that we will not understand the lesson, we will understand the lesson. Best course I have ever done on Coursera after Interactive Programming in Python by Rice University
Thanks to Andrew's detailed lecture notes and documentation in the homework, it is not hard to pick up the new concepts based on what I have learned about traditional machine learning and linear algebra. It is especially helpful for people that are a few news out of school to not having to worry too much deriving derivatives by hand all day long to get homework done!
Straightforward and clear. If you took ML with Andrew before. This course will deepen your understanding of the forward and back prop algorithms providing you a very detailed and comprehensive structure of a basic multi-layer neural network. Not to mention that all the jupyternotebooks are good references that I guess I would even look back very often in the future.
the course has done a very well job in explaining the basic structure of a neural network along with the  underlying math. The ipython notebooks were really helpful in understanding the coding aspect of the same. the overall goodness is really great. I'd suggest that inclusion of some animation or something visual can help understand the backpropagation much better.
This was a great start to the Deep Learning Nano Degree. I learnt the basic working of Neural Networks and also tried some examples on my own. This course is a huge helper to graduate students to me who wants to give a try to neural Networks. Great share of Learning about Deep Learning. Dr. Ng is simply amazing. One suggestion would be improving the grading methods.
This course opens the "black box" of neural networks and explains what happens inside.The second and third courses in this specialization build on this one and explain how to build efficient NN.  Even if you're using a software framework NN - it's important to understand whats going on inside when the results aren't as expected.Cons: The subtitles need proofreading.
Great course. Clear explanation of the materials. I can see a lot of tidy-ing up from the Machine Learning course, e.g. making the matrix dimension consistent, clarifying the notation and meanings. The programming assignment feels more easy than previous one, since we had to read and understand the mathematical formula and then implement those in the code back then.
This is, undoubtedly, one of the best courses on Deep Learning.The material is taught by Andrew Ng in a quite lucid manner as he builds concepts in an intuitive manner.I would love if the course delved a bit deeper on the derivations.Other than that, a perfect course for a beginner like me who knew nothing about neural networks and other Deep Learning jargons yet !
A terrific course even for those with prior deep learning experience. I've used neural networks for many projects over the past few months, but implementing everything from scratch really helped me understand every detail of what is going on "under the hood" of the libraries I've used such as TensorFlow and Keras. I feel much more confident in my abilities now. A+.
This is a very good course which does not involve rigorous mathematics and mathematics needed for the understanding and implementing neural networks is explained in an easy to grasp manner. I would recommend this course to anyone who aspires to learning neural networks. I appreciate the team for putting in a lot of effort to give us a high quality course material.
Very insightful, well organized and well taught course. The core concepts of Deep Neural Networks development (which generally appear to be complex and intimidating) are explained methodically in such a nice way that the learners can easily delve into its depths and build their own models from scratch. Much needed knowledge, thanks to deeplearning.ai and Coursera!
Andrew made it look less scary than the name "deep learning" sounds. The only struggle I faced was understanding the math behind backpropagation but eventually by completing the programming assignments which are broken down into pieces and executing each one of them helped in making sense of behind the scenes of Neural Networks. Overall this course is recommended.
One of the best course to get the proper understanding of the concept of neural networks and deep neural networks .The assignments after every week helps a lot to understand the practical application and connect it with the theory. It also increases the fluency on python and hence i recommend everyone to complete this course who wants to explore the deep learning.
Thorough mathematical explanation of neural networks, especially a nice follow-up of the Matlab/Octave based Machine Learning course (2011) of Andrew Ng.The Python based implementation is a well guided exercise, and calculus self-reproduce-ability is not required. Therefore this course will enlighten you into the maths and a do-it-yourself implemenation in Python.
Having completed the Andrew Ng Machine Learning course, this Neural Networks and Deep Learning course provided the next level of detail and a great introduction to Neural Networks and Deep Learning.  The exercises in Python was more aligned to real-world examples however the familar style of Andrews teaching shields you from a need to deeply understand the maths.
This course is perfect to start learning deep learning . It start with very basic so that anyone can understand and slowly it keeps building bigger concept for multi layer network . So it becomes very easy for anyone to learn deep learning easily . Also the programming assignment has taken care of most of coding details and it helps in focusing on core concepts .
This is a wonderful course with all the details you need to know. Instructor Wu EnDa is a decent teacher with a smooth voice which will lead you to the world of neural network.I came with some knowledge of Numpy, Pandas and Scikit_learn, and find this course fits me very good.Highly recommend anyone who want's to be a NN user to take this course at the beginning.
I am thrilled that such high quality education is available so pervasively. Andrew Ng is a brilliant teacher whose videos helped me write my masters thesis a few years ago. I would not mind seeing some side courses in linear algebra or calculus linked to this even though I took them several years ago. However, I think one can get through the courses without that.
Good introduction to the topic.  I enjoyed the well-structured assignments because they focus on the area that Prof Ng wants the student to learn about.  Especially nice that the (extremely challenging) computer programming framework aspects are set out for you so that you can focus on the key steps of the algorithms to understand what deep learning is all about.
this is an awesome course. I have learned so many basic knowledge in deep learning and neural network.Doctor Andrew Ng' speech is clear and he discussed so many details that will help deep learning starters(just like me) understand easily.This is just first course in this Deep Learning series,I will continue studying this  Specializations!Thanks Doctor Andrew Ng!
Awesome course....Everything is clear-cut....Andrew is a fantastic instructor...He taught everything in an order....with not getting any doubts...in my view.....I suggest everyone to take this course and also the specialization whoever want to go to the AI field...as the instructor is same....I trust that he even teaches every other course in the same manner....
I like the videos and explanations very much. Andrew Ng is enthusiastic and clearly loves what he does! I am not so much a fan of the programming assignments because it is mostly copy and paste. However, in reality no one who is taking this course will program those functions from scratch and the assignments do a great job for understanding how NN actually work.
Amazing course and very well taught by Andrew. He makes deep learning very easy to understand. It actually seems difficult when you see those complex mathematical equations at start but soon you would realise that they are not actually that much scary at all. I would really encourage everyone to take this first step. You would feel great that you made this call.
Very good course, introduce the basic aspects of deep learning, through this course, it lead me go into the new AI area. I already have several plans to put this in a real project for next step study. And deep learning is so amazing, with this very simple method, I didn't expect it learned from 209 example to know cat/non-cat, should be the future method .......
El mejor curso de Deep Learning que he encontrado, y he visto muchos. Deberá ser por mi perfil técnico que disfruté cada clase y video. ¡Gracias Coursera por este magnífico curso!The best Deep Learning course I have found, and I have seen many. It must be because of my technical profile that I enjoyed each class and video. Thanks Coursera for this great course!
I'v never thought that I will learn and enjoy at the same time, Mr Andrew was amazing, the labs are perfect and guides you step by step to understand the whole concept, to let you know exactly what  you are  coding. Also the mentors were helpfull and reply for our questions.I highly recommend this course, and I will move to the next ones in this specialization.
Excellent introduction to Deep Learning. New learners, I would recommend you to do the ML course by Andrew Ng (as recommended by the Course Info anyway) as a pre-requisite because you might find this course a bit fast paced to grasp the concept of machine learning. But I think you'll be able to understand the concepts without the ML course--it just helps a bit.
Excellent course, the first part of the 5-course specialization that I'm taking now. Great videos, excellent programming assignments. I love Andrew Ng's teaching style, I took his very first class back then (I think it was late 2011) about machine learning, before Coursera even existed. His teaching is a main reason why I joined this particular specialization.
Andrew Ng teaches in a way which makes applying deep learning to new problems seem like a child's play. He teaches in a botom up approach which might sometimes seem boring but the intuition and mathematics explained is necessary for going deeper into the subject with ease. This is the best course I have come across so far and I am going for the specialization.
All the lectures / videos are very well explained, makes it easy to understand and follow the material. The assignments are quite straight forward and focus on your understanding of the overall process and general logical approach. Most of math functions and python functions break-down is provided for you already. Thank you very much for putting this together.
A very satisfying course. Prior to taking this course, I had 0 knowledge about AI, Deep learning, Neural networks as I belong to a different domain but I was interested in finding out. This course helped me not only understand fundamentals but also to internalize them via fantastic programming assignments. I am looking forward to completing the specialization.
Very effective to learn how to implement a deep neural network. Andrew has a very clear, with minimal math content, easy to grab way of teaching such an elusive argument. Exercises take you by hand to carry out the result in a very pleasant path so that you hardly forget what you learnt. Strongly recommended if you are seriously interested in machine learning.
Dr. NG is a brilliant instructor and once again, he proves he is the best. He breaks the toughest concepts into very simple and easy to understand bits, and explains them very well. Best Machine Learning course I've done so far. I am so proud and happy I scored 100% marks in this course and learnt some concepts of Deep Learning in the process. Thank you Dr. NG
Excellently lead course, the videos are excellent, the exercises can be trending to the easy side, but it helps to not get frustrated on such a dense topic. Now I feel confident that I have the basis to tackle the complex courses or complex exercises with a basic working knowledge. As usual, Andrew is a flawless teacher and nice of him to share the knowledge.
Very good and well-designed course. The maths behind hidden layers, forward and backward prop is explained amazingly so that people with the non-mathematical background can also develop the intuition. I would highly recommend this to anyone delving into the deep learning. Also, do the assignments. They are well designed and help one to learn the basic coding.
Andrew Ng is a superb teacher and this course is extremely well put on. Everything is meticulous and precisely curated for a very good flow of concepts and ideas. Although the subject is not really on the easy side, he somehow manages to present everything well and smoothly. Thank you, Andrew, for taking the time and effort to create this really great course.
This is an excellent course. I really appreciate the course organizers made the materials open to auditors. Even though I have quite a bit of machine learning background, I felt this course really enriched my prior learning and new insights into the field. The homework problems are the most helpful part. Andrew's lectures and pedagogy are also very effective.
Thanks for providing this awesome course. I love it so much. The dimensions of matrixes used in different layers of neural network always torture me. But this course explains the details including the dimensions very clear and understandable. Also the assignment is well designed and split into reusable modules which you can even use to build your own models.
Andrew does a very good job of explaining the concepts so that it is easy to understand.  Also, it is nice that he does not skip any further detailed explanations but instead leaves them as optional to the user.  This is quite nice because it gave me the opportunity to delve into the more conceptual items that were not thought as mandatory in the coursework.
Great course! You will learn to implement a neural network with L layers in python. This helps to understand a lot the functioning of a neural network. In addition, you will understand the formal mathematical intuition of the NN.  If you are looking to delve into the gradient descent derivation with matrix calculus, you will find good resources in the forum
I loved the course. Andrew is a wonderful teacher! I have a PhD in engineering, have been programming for 15 years, and wrote artificial neural network programs a decade ago. So, this course was a great refresher and helped me come up to speed with "deep learning" (basically multi layer neural networks) and learning how Python can improve execution by 300x.
Very good, overall. Sometimes I feel like "too much" guided, specifically in the programming assigments. Maybe is the way to solve a computer intensive's task like this. With an approach more open the task would be much more difficult, compared to the correct implementation. But I feel happy after finishing the four weeks course!Thanks everyone at Coursera.
Excellent neural network and deep learning lessons. I had applied neural networks and deep networks on using keras and tensorflow, this course helped me learn the fundamentals behind backpropagation, matrix calculations, dimensional representation, and coding among others. I am thankful and happy that I completed the course. Looking forward to the next one.
The course content and arrangement are wonderful, but the programming assignments have some flaws, i.e., the assignment "Building your deep neural network: Step by Step" in week 4 has a confusing bug in the corresponding TestCase, which causes 0/10 score. In addition, the annotation in the L_model_backward function is wrong which may make students confused.
I found this course very approachable in the way that Andrew Ng taught the course.  The course had a very good balance between the video on concepts and programming assignments and quizzes to reinforce the learned concepts.  If you're interested jumping into the world of Deep Learning, I would highly recommend this course as a starting step on your journey.
I found this a very good course to be introduced to deep learning. The teacher explains in an extremely understandable and clear manner. The only thing I would have wanted to see in this course, is a little more challenge in the labs. Most labs just require you to finish very obvious small parts of code. But I hope I can find that in the following courses.
Pretty good! Wish the code was more individually guided or there were more optional programming assignments/info that focused on how to edit and shape data for input into a NN. It seems like a lot of the coding parts are just hand wavy this works because it does, but it would be nice to see why exactly some parts work especially in the code implementation.
Very good course with high quality course video, materials, assignment. I like the feature that all the course materials can be downloaded instantly and the detailed guidance for python implementation and mathematical background (matrix theory, linear algebra) inside the course for me to have deep understanding what is behind deep learning. Awesome course!
This was really an interesting course which allowed me to build DL models from the ground up. It helps one to better understand what DL frameworks are doing in the background. Such a great learning experience. I would encourage anyone wanting to take this course to spend a week or so brushing up on their python and numpy to be able to move a little faster.
This is  a great course.  Especially, the teacher is brilliant. I have leaned the key concepts in deep neural network and know how to build a network by myself. The programming exercise is really helpful, where I could deeply understand the structures and connections for each part of deep neural network. The exercise help me better understand how it works!
Excellent course for beginners that want to explore deep learning. The course goes into the fundamentals of Neural Networks, starting with a simple Neuron to build a basic classifier, then using more layers to capture more complex functions, and finally creating deep representations to capture even more complex information from the data.Highly recommended.
The topic "neural networks" originally spans only 1 week in the instructor's other coursera course "Machine Learning".  Here we spend 4 weeks to deep dive into it, comparing logistic regression, shallow nn (2 layers), and deep nn (many layers). It is excellently taught, just like the other course; great coding assignments to deepen students' understanding.
This course gave me a deep understanding about the functionality behind the deep learning . I love the way Andrew teaches . You may find it hard in the beginning but slowly you will be feeling comfortable . I will recommend this course to anyone who is just a beginner . Take this course before taking any other course . This will accelerate your learning .
Andrew Ng is a legend, the thing I really liked about him and this course is that whenever you are feeling down about some topic, he backs you up at the end of the video telling you not to worry even if you didn't understand it completely. I think this phrase really pushes you to do more, and once you keep going previous things start to become more clear.
Very instructive course, with a lot of hands-on! Andrew explains in a very easy why, emphasizing the practical points, but always indicating the pathway for those who want to go also more deep into the math. I specially liked the interviews with the "Heroes of Deep Learning", they were very motivating. I highly recommend for those interested in the field!
I began after having finish Andrew Ng's Machine learning course and as a result, the first three weeks were quite easy.  The programming exercises walk you through most of the problems, providing the relevant information as needed. Overall, I enjoyed the course and thought it was a good introduction to the topic, yet the assignments were on the easy side.
Concepts and intuition are clearly explained. The Jupyter notebooks are well-structured and contain a lot of additional helpful information and explanations. Furthermore, it's absolutely great that the notebooks are provided as a service. No need to install any software. Perfect! For me, the only downside was that the programming excercises were too easy.
If you have ever heard about this course from someone in the 'complaining' tone that 'It is of very basic level...' - for those, I want to say that - Whoever wants to understand fully the internal working procedure of a deep neural network, instead of just using the one line built-in function of a deep neural network, this is an amazing course for those.
great course for transitioning from the basic ML course into Deep Learning. Refreshes your understanding and application of NN from the basic ML course. Also, the assignments on deep NN will provide you with a strong foundation for more difficult DL concepts. (material be a bit too superficial for those who already have a strong understanding of deep NN)
Deep learning is used widely in present and Surely in the future. This is the perfect place to study deep learning in-depth. Andrew Ng has done so much in the community of AI that learning directly from him is just a matter of luck. So you think deep learning and Machine learning interests you.You won't regret doing this specialization.Love Andrew Ng sir
This course made me understand the basic concepts behind deep learning. Deep learning idea is really simple. Using multiple hidden layers (more than 2) for better accuracy makes neural networks think deeper. So this course is around deep neural networks (DNN) only which makes it easier to connect yourself with machine learning world very easily and fast.
Good course for beginners, but video camera quality is too bad. Need to recapture the endings part where Andrew speaking in front of camera.Second bad part is wrong formulas for dZ2 and dAL where (1/m) factor is missed. Instead of being included into derivative of last layer,1/m scale factor propagated into formulas for dW and db, which is totally wrong.
Course gets right to the heart of the matter and uses modern electronic lab book methods via Jupyter notebooks.  And the calculus involved is introduced as a refresher so one doesn't have to dust off the calculus texts to understand the math.  It was also fun to see video interviews of "Heroes of AI" to get the history behind many of the techniques uses.
First course I complete on coursera. This course is at good pace if you have machine learning basic knowledge, and is very suitable for you to leverage your small trunks of time. The course projects are very well-designed to give you hands-on experiences on how deep learning works. I'd recommend this course to anyone who wants to dive into deep learning.
Thanks to Andrew ng and deeplearning.ai. Course topics are nicely aligned with a very good and detailed explanation. Overall course gave me a good intuition around neural nets and related math.I personally liked the idea and thankful to deeplearning.ai for giving an opportunity to Deep Learning enthusiastic to hear thoughts from heroes of Deep Learning.
A good learning with all the necessary basics of neural networks and deep learning, especially enjoyed the tips and experiences shared everywhere in the courses by Dr. Andrew Ng.The assignments are very helpful yet the frameworks are not totally implemented by the students so it is definitely necessary to go back and review the codes every now and then.
This is a great course over all. Andrew never fails to simplify the complex. Note:If you're thinking of taking this course, then I advise you to familiarize yourself with classic machine learning (you can take intro ML courses on Coursera, Udemy, Udacity or EdX for free) and python programming. Having these basics set will make your experience seamless.
Great course. I did a critique for the module 2 and it also applies here. Practical part could have an option where we get to implement things from scratch. And there could be more of a intersectional approach where the extra skills we need like plotting, data preprocessing on a high level etc...could be provided as external links and resources.Cheers!
Very clear exposition of the content matter with some clear examples. Also, the level of difficulty was well adapted to an introductory course: not too easy, not too hard. The creators of the course content (Andrew Ng mostly I guess) clearly made an effort to present the essential elements needed to get a good high-level understanding of deep learning.
I am a big fan of Prof. Andrew Ng Sir. I was able to grasp the core concepts because of very precise and focused videos. The programming assignments are focused on concepts than programming skills and makes anyone taking this course feel comfortable and gives confidence that learning this is not very difficult task even if you are not into programming.
I have studie neural network during my university course, I'm an electronic engineer, I have studied in Naples (Italy) I have to say that this course is very well structured, but maybe I'll go deeper on math. This is my personal opinion linked to my forma mentis. BTW Great course, for sure I'll continue with other courses in the same "road". Francesco
That was a amazing learning journey. Topics really covered well and you really do not need to require to know math in advance also python too. Thanks a lot discussion forums a learnt a lot from there. I suggest everyone as a bigenner course then with enough effort you realise that you maybe the person achieve other great things by using deep learning.
This is really well planned course! Be it initializing the parameters, choosing the activation function, Forward Propagation, Backward Propagation or even the Vectorization, everything was explained properly. Moreover, the programming assignments helped understand the implementation better.Give it a shot if you wish to learn deep learning from scratch
This the best course to start Deep learning and Neural Networks. It has some great basic concepts of Neural network. By the end of the course you will be comfortable enough to work with Neural networks as you implement the most basic neural network structure in the course. One great thing about the course is Sir Andrew Ng himself is teaching this one.
This is an excellent course for deep learning. Hand-on deep learning programming. I like Andrew's teaching very much, I usually refer back to notes to find the most important concept. In addition, I find the programming assignments are very helpful for me to use as a reference for my other projects, either its good structure, format and good contents!
This was my first venture into understanding neural networks and deep learning. I learnt a lot of things along with programming in python. Enjoyed the lectures and the notes by Dr. Andrew Ng. Very systematic and step by step approach, making it possible to grasp the concepts that could be rather difficult otherwise. Looking forward to the next course.
Great course to get started with Deep Learning. Andrew Ng is one of the best people in academia who has immense knowledge of Machine Learning and Deep Learning.The best part of this course is that it doesn't rely on pre written libraries but encourages you to implement the algorithms from scratch and learn the basics of deep learning at the same time.
This is a very well produced and execute course. The instruction material was carefully crafted to efficiently teach the material while providing interesting and useful insights and guidance. I appreciated the optional videos and study material in the programming projects, as well as links for further exploration. The course was extremely interesting.
Really good course for a wide range of audience. If you have a deeper understanding of machine learning, this course would be simple, yet you would be able to have deeper inferences on your own. However, if you have no machine learning background, you can still easily understand the basics and build your own neural network, even if you skip the math.
This course used a systematic approach to teach the fundamentals of neural networks. The professor explains both pros and cons of a particular method which makes this course even more interesting. The importance of vectorization, the effect of multi-layer neural networks on model accuracy and many more such concepts were explained in complete detail.
The content of the course is basic but very important for Deep Learning. I have had some experience with DL in speech recognition. I took this course to enhance my understanding of the basic idea behind more complex DL techniques. I think it is good to have this course as the start of DL research. Thanks for the well-organized syllabus and materials.
I already have some experience with Deep Learning and Neural networks and using it in projects, But as expected,  explanation in this course is thorough and all the math is covered gracefully. And moreover, It is a course by my idol and my first AI & ML mentor Andrew NG. Can't thank enough  Sir Andrew and the team for this great and indulging course.
Awesome Course with great Programming Assignments  and course lectures. I like the idea that the assignment makes me follow step by step to understand the logic behind each implementation. Professor Andrew is a great person, I like how he stresses on the math also further lectures that dive into the derivation won't harm as long as they are optional.
This was a wonderful introduction to neural networks! I was particularly impressed with it's treatment of the backpropogation algorithm and how intuitive the course made it - the content leading up to it gave the perfect understanding of foundational concepts without requiring too much prior knowledge, but it also didn't vastly oversimplify anything.
It is very good to see a well-developed course which focuses the core logic and math behind the deep neural network besides the copy-paste type scripting tutorial.Andrew mentioned the deeplearning and AI as the "rebranding the neural networks" which has been in use for a while. I think, this small explanation clearly shows the quality of this course.
Excellent lectures and very useful programming exercises. The course logistics are well thought through  and the process of online learning feels very naturally. The only material that is not in the course but probably should be is at least optional elementary introduction on how to implement neural network using common libraries, such as Tensorflow.
This course (with the videos, assignments, and discussion forums) does a great job of explaining the foundation of how deep learning works. You also get to build things from scratch, get your hands dirty with matrix multiplication, and lots of other good stuff that I think is very useful to know if you want to understand deep learning. Great course!
Excellent course to get started off in Deep Learning. Prof Andrew Ng starts from scratch and eventually builds the level up so high that we can actually create a Deep Neural Network on our own !!  I would recommend this course to anybody who is just starting his/her journey in this field. However, some programming knowledge of numpy would be useful.
Excellent course and a great start of this specialization. The video's are quite clear in showing the intuitions behind even the more complicated math, and the programming exercises are good to follow.I also really liked the 'Heroes of AI' interviews, both to get an insight into the history of AI but also for some tips on how to start in this field.
I believe the notation developed really helped me in understanding. Very consistent and clear, both in the lecture and code.Also, the parts where Andrew gives intuitive understanding of how and why things work helped me a lot.Note: I had some ML background before starting the course, and this course has helped me review and further my understanding.
The course is perfectly organized and introduces the student to the very basic concepts and way of thinking in neural networks.  Only point of criticism is that no creativity whatsoever is required for doing the assignments, so these are very much on the easy side, perhaps giving an inaccurate impression of the students problem solving capabilities.
I really liked the structuring of the contents. As it is very gradual and easy to understand. I would have loved if there was a detailed explanation of how one could relate to a real life production environment. I understand those details will be covered in the later modules, however a reference to the real life scenarios add to a holistic learning.
It is very easy and clear to follow the course. I have learned the main idea and details of the deep neural network. Also, by implementing the deep NN in Python, I converted the idea into something real. I feel very happy to start learning Deep Learning by following this course and I will continue to finish the other courses. Thank you a lot Andrew!
I liked that the course went into the mathematical depths of deep neural networks. I would've liked some more details about the derivations themselves, although, thankfully I'm still able to do the maths, but I think they might help some people who are more curious by nature but aren't particularly familiar with chain rules or derivation in general.
Another fantastic course from Dr. Andrew Ng! This course is the perfect follow up for Dr. Ng's introductory machine learning course. I was a little concerned about the Python programming assignments at first, but they proved very valuable not only to solidify concepts seen in the lectures, but also to teach me a great Python programming methodology.
This is probably the best course that I have found for learning Neural Networks and Deep Learning. This course starts with the basics and slowly takes you to the complexities of Deep Learning without any efforts and smoothness. Andrew is the best guide! He is my source of inspiration! Thanks, Coursera and deeplearning.ai for such wonderful courses.
A fantastic course taught by an excellent teacher. Andrew taught all concepts related to ML and DL in a very simplistic and nice way. He made sure that no concept was left untaught. I had a really fun time doing the programming assignments and I feel that now I can program a deep learning network on my own. Thank You Andrew for helping me to do so.
Andrew is patient. He also believes in a future with AI applications running on any major or minor scale and is invested in preparing people to shape this future.Well, I'm invested in helping people's healthcare in low-income settings. I believe we are aiming at the same future, and because of that I'm fully energized to go further with my studies.
Besides the calculus involved, this is course is very straight forward. I'll recommend to understand at least the basic math concepts, such as Linear Regression (Why it's used in deep learning context), Matrix operations ( Addition & Multiplication ) and Derivative. And also have a basic experience with Python ( How to solve basic problems on it ).
I think Neural Networks have a lot of potential for research and industry. This course is a fantastic hands-on, build your own neural net from scratch course. This builds the basic math and other intuitive understanding required to be able to use packages like tensorFlow, keras, caffe, torch etc. Thanks to the entire team.AbhijeetMS in EE, Stanford
Great course to get started with deep learning. Andrew Ng is a machine learning guru and the perfect teacher to get started in this field. The programming exercises are well paced, and do not expect too much prior knowledge. Yet, with the well-designed lectures, one can attain a decent level of knowledge by the end of the course. Highly recommend!
Great course for an introduction to Neural Networks and Deep Learning. Andrew was very clear to explain the concepts as well as showing some useful examples. I especially enjoy the optional videos at the end of week 1-3, in which Andrew gave an interview to the leading scientists in AI space. I found all of them very interesting and inspirational.
This course is well-organized, with easy-to-understand explanations. In conclusion, it is really great for a Deep Learning Beginner. It is highly suggested that the student should have learned about basic calculus and linear algebra before taking this course since it would save a lot of time understanding the derivation of most of the algorithms.
Nice study material. So subtly organized and presented by Andrew. Thank you veey much. I look to complete the combo integrated deep learning package. Initially i din't know of work how. So just copy pasted code. But gave quizes by self failing twenty times for this course. Now i will code and make my accuracy better. Deep is all we got in AI now.
To deep dive in deep learning, this course is like a starter. This course helped me to understand the neural networks in a better way, practical exercises are very helpful in shaping the concept and that's the way you learn something, read-->practice-->read again, correct yourself, learn in machine learning way.  I am really thankful to coursera.
One of the best material available online to learn Neural nets. The best thing is all these videos are available on Youtube for free and i went thru these videos many times before daring to take this course. After taking the programming assignment I am confident that i would be able to complete this specialization course . Thanks a ton Andrew Ng.
This course is perfect for getting deep understanding about the foundation of shallow neural networks and deep neural networks. Course provides an insight about the basic mathematics of the neural networks. Thanks to the team for creating such a wonderful course and Coursera for providing the platform for students to gain knowledge and education.
This course was very helpful for me to start implementing deep neural networks in python. Thank you for course teacher Andrew Ng and Moderators. I learned a lot of skills and intuitions about neural networks and deep learning. Also, I planned to finish all courses in Deep Learning Specialization to get more advanced knowledge about Deep Learning.
Prof. Andrew Ng rocks, as always! He kept everything simple. (I dropped out of Prof. Hinton's Coursera neural networks course after week 4, because I could not follow where he was going with what he was explaining. But Prof. Ng is simply a great teacher and has great flow of concepts and ideas. Prof. Ng's courses can reach a very broad audience!)
The course was well written. Although I had the basic knowledge of neural networks prior to this course, it helped me gain an insight into deep learning. Moreover, it introduced me to the machine learning libraries of python. This course is so well designed that even a noob with very little programming knowledge can learn and apply Deep Learning.
This is a very well planned course to begin the journey of Deep Learning with. Prof. Andrew is an amazing instructor. It can be easily deducted by attending his courses, that he has extreme knowledge in the field of Deep Learning. This course will teach you how to start on with Neural Networks and get into Deep learning by building deep networks.
Awesome course. Loved Andrew's other course as well and delighted with this as well. Gentle intro, always reassuring tone of Andrew and yet, very well explained concepts.For reference: my Python skills are maybe 3-4/10; into Product Management and not Analytics / Dev; yet, could finish it without getting lost.Andrew is a rock star!!Thanks a lot!!
The course is easy to understand but very useful in practice. The programming exercises are really I wathced Ng's Machine Learning five years ago and it opened the door to a new world for me in AI. It is his specialization which brings me back even though I have not watched Coursera for a long time. I am looking forward to his other four courses.
Great Course! I feel like I have a solid foundation to continue my education in deep learning and building neural nets. Professor Ng kept my attention through every video, and I was pleasantly surprised at how much I got out of this course. I would definitely recommend this course to anyone who is wanting to learn the basics of machine learning.
very nice course as can be expected if Prof. Ng is the instructor. I was surprised that we built a deep neural network that did a pretty decent job of image classification with a neural net we build from scratch(no Tensorflow or keras or pytorch) and it did not require any special hardware , I did it on my old laptop. Happy to have completed it.
This is a perfect head start foundation program for beginners or ML enthusiasts who want to delve into Deep learning. After Course 1, you will get the wholesome idea of what neural network is all about. I enjoyed the course a lot. Easy for people (like me) who already did Ng machine learning course but still it gives a good insight and practice.
A very good introduction to neural nets, with necessary underlying maths/formulas behind explained. The learning curve is very progressive and allow a well understanding of neural nets building blocks before deep into deeper topics in later courses. Andrew is very easy to follow, and take all the time to explain all concepts, even simpler ones.
Very intersting courses. The content is based on an intersting equilibrium between theory and practical approaches. I highly recommend this serie of lectures for anyone who would progress within this field. For the educational background, no need to be a mathematical expert which makes this class very valuable for all kind of industrial actors.
The course is very good for introduction to deep learning. I would hope that it can provide more reference materials for the derivation behind the formulas to the learners who want to know more. Also, providing some optional and similar projects without code templates will also be helpful for the learners to try the whole process by themselves.
Well structured and develops intuition in subject matter like no other professor or medium has been able to for me personally. Prof. Ng makes learning Deep Learning exciting, and this introductory course has only made me more excited to complete the specialization and get more involved in the fields of Artificial Intelligence and Deep Learning.
Amazing Course !! Basics are provided to build neural networks. Would've liked seeing more in-depth calculus and derivations though.Best part for me was the interviews with field experts, and seeing how they started, and their way of thinking :-)I would recommend this course to anyone interested in Deep Learning and doesn't know where to start.
I found the Neural Network portion of Ng's Machine Learning course to be significantly more challenging, especially the programming assignments. I thoroughly enjoyed both and I think the two courses together are of great benefit. Very thankful for the work Andrew Ng and his team have done for all of us and look forward to the following courses.
Coming in a dev who doesn't use python, I really liked the course.  The lessons are good.  The first lab is easily the hardest part.  I wish there was a bit more on numpy and matrixes before the first lab.  It gets significantly easier with each week as they build on eachother and you get some repitition with forward and backwards propigation.
A very good course for those who want to understand the basic concepts of neural networks and how to implement a simple net using Python. I really appreciate the math explained in this course. It is very helpful for a person with little mathematics background like me. Also, the programming practice is useful with lots of detailed explanations.
I've been through so many courses in deep learning, every single one of them either starts with Keras or some other high-level framework. But this course touches the very bare bones of Deep Learning and forces you to implement Logistic Regression to a Deep L layer neural network completely using Numpy.Prof. Andrew Ng is a great teacher indeed!
In my opinion, this is one of the best course to get you started right at the point! Too many people complaining about the programming assignments but if you were a complete beginner to the world of ML (and even noob at Python) like me, you would have been grateful instead. Thank you Prof. Andrew Ng and Coursera Team for this wonderful course.
Great overall. I came in with a very basic understanding of Python, but had a deep understanding of the math and stats from Uni so managed to follow the lectures relatively easily. I would say that a deep understanding of the math/stats is not needed, but it definitely helps. Especially when it comes to visualizing what the matrices look like.
Final assignment was challenging but worthwhile.  This is a good introduction.  I would still recommend implementing these things on one's own, because the "sandbox" that Coursera provides is kind of... limited... but it's a good, fast introduction to neural networks, and you do have to kind of understand how they work to implement it quickly.
An extremely friendly course in deep learning (basic feedforward neural network), even those without background knowledge in calculus and algebra can get ahold of it.Although  if you're CS major and have sufficient math knowledge (in terms of an STEM student), you may need extra challenges to get deeper into deep learning.Well worth the price.
It was amazing. Andrew sir is really good and this course is also made to be understood by non-AI professionals. I wanted to know about the basics of AI, so I took the basic AI knowledge course called "AI for everyone". Then I found myself interested in learning more.  so I took this specialization. Thank you for helping me gain AI knowledge.
Have gone through few online courses on this topic but left all of them midway cause i was not getting the insights and in depth math background of neural networks that i desired to acquire but this course designed and taught by a legend just overwhelmed me with more than what i expected..A great course for stepping into deep learning..Thanks
Amazing course by Andrew NG. Topic was made very interesting to help develop understanding on how NN/DL works . Really liked the Implementation structure that focused on designing and developing the modular structure/functions to enable building own network, rather than on programming. Looking forward to further courses in the specialization.
This course gave me a lot of insight into how neural networks work bu going in depth into the math behind these structures. I am a type of person who doesn't like to use libraries until I can understand the code and what it does and this course allowed me to transition into using libraries like tensorflow without going against what I believe.
If ML/DL is highly sought after skill in the industry, then definitely this course should stand as highly sought when compared with every other courses available around the globe. To me, highlights are the deep knowledge that Prof. Andrew posses, and the way he presents. I believe it took lot of efforts to prepare all programming assignments.
This course is a great head start for a beginner to deep learning. The concepts are explained clearly and the programming exercises gave me the confidence to learn further. A few suggestions: Please include pdf files of the lecture slides for reference. Kindly try to ensure the matrix multiplication compatibility while writing all equations.
Thank you very much. Your teaching made me understand more. But sometimes I feel that it's a little too early .  What I like the most about this course is the exercises. You can design  the exercises very well. At first I was determined to study the only free course. But now I change my mind, I want to study all of your courses  Best regards
It's an amazing introduction to neural networks and one of the best courses I have seen on the subject. Most courses ignore the maths behind neural networks and just focus on the coding part of it. This course went into the right amount of detail helped me learn the fundamentals really well. I hope to build upon it with the upcoming courses.
While all explanations of material are very clear and nicely presented, there were a couple of things I did not like:1)While this specialization was designed to be standalone, the first course is completely covered in Andrew's ML course.2)Too much time spent discussing logistic regression3)Programming assignments have too much 'hand holding'
I really liked this course. It gives you a good understanding of what deep learning ist. The videos are very good. The only thing I have to say is that I felt the programming assignments were a bit too "follow the recipe", didn't allow too much "self-thinking". But I did get the chance to try a lot with the code I wrote after I submitted it.
Great course ! However, word of advice, do not underestimate the level of complexity. Make sure to listen to the lectures at a least a couple of times and dedicate at least twice the amount of recommended time. The lectures are excellent, and the homework and assignments are well organized and really does help understand the concepts better.
Great class to practice your machine learning skills. Intermediate general programming skills and knowledge of python is required. Andrew does a very slow and careful approach so it might be seem slow to those with stronger comprehension. Thankfully though, it's an online class so fastforwarding the parts you are familiar with are an option.
A nice beginner-level course. As for me, a student who has learned deep learning before, the course content will seem too easy, but what fascinates me is the assignments. I really like to build a DNN myself without using TensorFlow or Pytorch. By writing the backprop yourself, you will truly understand the internals of deep learning models.
It was just great! Although I do have a background in Matlab/Simulink, I easily followed assignments in Python language. I killed two birds with one stone (Deep learning with Python). I really appreciate such a great learning environment. I sincerely would like to thank Andrew Ng for very clear and step by step explanations, he was awesome.
A perfect introductory course that is meant to take you from zero knowledge of Deep Learning to being able to train your own deep neural network. Gives you a better understanding of the fundamental math that happens behind screen and some cool programming assignments to work on. There is no better introductory course on the topic out there.
I really enjoyed this class!  Andrew does a great job of focusing his discussion on the basics of deep learning, and he clearly communicates the key ideas in four weeks using python, numpy and Jupyter notebooks.Note that I took his "Machine Learning" course prior to this one, and I think it should probably be a prerequisite for this course.
I found this course to be exactly the level of guidance I needed. This course teaches everything you need to know to get a Deep Learning job running. I found the forum has plenty of folks discussing errors just like the ones I was facing. The text of the lecture is so valuable for mining up some key people/topics/concepts for further study.
I was knowing some of the concepts before attending the course. However, I could still learn many things like Vectorization, some Python commands (first-time experience with Python),  logistic regression, etc. Moreover, the course helped me to give clarity on the subject via both the lectures and assignments. Thanks to Andrew and Coursera.
I really appreciate it that the process of building an NN and the maths behind it were clearly shown in the lectures and slides. Since I finished the coding homework under the guidance of the notebooks, I think there is still a long way to go and many pratices need to be done before I can write codes and build an NN for a project by myself
I loved this course. The only drawback i found is that some of the things can be made more simpler which is just being made tough. i am just talking in the context of begginers but course is awsme i loved this course. i learnt alot from this course. Thanks andrew ng and thier team for making this knowledge sharing platform thanks everyone.
Very good. I already knew most of what was being taught, nevertheless, it still taught me how to organize the code and vectorize implementations. It also contained great insights on the inner workings of ANNs. The interview with the heros of machine learning was a very pleasant surprise too. Looking forward to making the remaining modules.
This course is amazing thanks to Professor Andrew Ng's talent in explaining extremely advanced math derivation in a beginner-friendly manner. I learned so much about the entire implementation of neural network, revised on linear algebra, calculus, writing modular codes and several software engineering techniques in scientific computation.
Excellent continuation to the Machine Learning course of Stanford University by Andrew Ng! The Machine Learning course touches all the Machine Learning techniques and gives a good introduction. It is taught in Octave/MATLAB. This specialization dwells deeper into those concepts in Python. Thank you deeplearning.ai!! Brilliant professor!!!
Andrew Ng takes you step by step in to the concepts and reinforces the basics along the way. The program assignments were also designed in a way that all the plumbing work is taken care to let the student focus on neural networks concepts. I would encourage anyone who would like to understand how neural networks works to take this course.
Andrew Ng has a gift for teaching, making things as clear as possible while still covering theory.  Then, he helps keep things moving by eliminating some of the peripheral coding keeping you focused on the topic.  The result is you learn some coding but have a firm foundation of how and why it is supposed to work, the best place to start.
If you really wanna know how deep neural networks work, you have to take this course. The programming assignments are so detailed and offer deep insights that literally deciphers deep neural networks at the highest level. The teacher and the TAs of this class did an excellent job throughout the videos, quizzes, and programming assignment.
"Neuronal Networks and Deep Learning" is an exceptional Course the explanations are excellent and so detailed that allows you to get a unique understanding of the crucial functions and components that make Deep Learning work.
Thanks to professor Andrew Ng and everyone that make this Course possible, it was a fantastic learning experience.
I just submitted the final assignment for this course and I must say that I am truly impressed. The videos were well made and the practice questions and in particular the assignments have the right level of guidance and challenge to guarantee a fulfilling learning experience. I am looking forward to the next course in this specialization.
This was my first course in Neural Networks and the instructor explains the lessons well, combining a little calculus with programming applications. I like how he emphasized and trained the audience with matrix dimensions (the dimensions of parameters), since this topic cannot go unnoticed in setting up even the most basic neural network.
This course gives awesome basic knowledge and entry into world of deeplearning! Though programming assignments are not challenging enough, it's always possible to try writing everything by yourself from scratch after completing them, so I don't really agree with negative comments about the assignments. Strongly recommended in my opinion.
The return to Calculus was very daunting for me but it's been a long time since I was in college.Andrew does an EXCELLENT job explaining the equations and the reasoning for them. Just taking this course has already helped me make better decisions in my position at my company and has given me what I need to continue with new technologies.
Andrew is super organized in building both our conceptual and implementation knowledge of Deep Learning.  Perhaps the time on basic Calculus could be reallocated to the Calculus of deriving formulae, which I did on my own.  The assignments are designed flawlessly with well organized structure.  Thank you for a 'deep' learning experience!
I appreciate this course, and the opportunity given to enroll in it through the financial aid. I can see the effort that was placed on proper instructions and consistency through the learning material. Thanks everyone at deeplearning.ai! You guys are exceptional and keep on imparting your knowledge on the world to make it a better place.
After a few days working on this course, I finished the final assignment
 and everything worked well. I thought this is absolutely useful for new
 beginners to learn about deep learning efficiently. Many thanks to 
professor Andrew Ng and TAs. Wish you all can do a good job and get much
 practical things from this course.  One more thing
If you are looking for an introduction in Neural Networks, this is the course. Every class is focused in making you understand the basic theory related to the content, Andrew gives a strong focus on the linear algebra and calculus behind the content, and this helps you to understand why some decisions are made during the implementation.
I would like to sincerely thank coursera and the trainers for the beautifully designed Deep Learning course. It has helped me understand the basic mathematics behind the forward and backward propagations along with its implementation using numpy. Looking forward to invest more time in other coursers in this deep learning specialization.
The course allowed me to build foundational knowledge in deep learning without weighing me down by also trying to learn python, jypter, etc which were distracting from another online (udacity) provider i tried to learn from. This really helped me focus on the content which was delivered in "chew-able" sizes - i gave it 5 stars for that.
This course contained much more in-depth information than I expected. The programming assignments were very challenging. I learned a great deal about machine learning and the underlying math used in neural networks. I would definitely recommend this course to anyone who is serious about gaining knowledge in the area of Machine Learning.
Andrew does an amazing job of explaining complex concepts in a simple way.   I had a basic understanding of neural network architecture before taking course 1, but I had a lot of questions about why certain things are done.  Andrew's lectures and the discussion forums helped answer a lot of those questions.  Looking forward to course 2
Excelent course!, not for biginners. Very hands-on and with low previous requeriments, only to know plain python. But, it will not be easy if you don't have programming experience, some exercises are a little complicated. Also it will be good for you is you are familiar with algebra and calculus, you will see lots of matrix operations.
It's been an exciting journey so far, learned a lot of new concepts like python broadcasting and vectorization. Andrew Ng makes it easy to understand such complex concepts.The assignments are pretty aligned  with the lectures and well structured. They help me comprehend the concepts step by step.Looking forward to remaining courses.!!!
Very complex processes were explained in a way to make it easier to understand and implement. The repetitions of important concepts (e.g. matrix shapes for different steps) helped me to retain the material much better. Andrew Ng is a wonderful teacher, and I will definitely be taking the rest of the deeplearning.ai courses on Coursera.
First course was very good.  I also took Dr Ng's prior Coursera course which I also liked.  This one focuses more on Neural Networks and tries to demystify backprop -- does a fairly good job, but it takes some focus.   It is also great the HW and examples are in Python and on notebooks which is more practical.Highly recommended course.
I was nervous going into this course that I wouldn't have the necessary math background to keep up.  However, the course covered all the requisite math and I was fine.  I found it to be a very enlightening course for a technology manager like myself.  Now I feel more confident discussing Deep Learning projects with my engineering team.
Brilliant!  I really enjoyed this course, it was really good to take a real in-depth look at Neural Nets and how they work.  Great for building intuition on the subject.  I also loved the interviews with some big names in the field, they were really informative and have given me lots of avenues to investigate and explore in the future.
A great course to get started with Machine Learning and AI. If you haven't done linear algebra and calculus at university, you might struggle a little with the maths behind it, but can still gain enough insight to how it works, you just have to trust the equations given to you. Get ready to do Hello Cats! (the hello world in AI world.)
Great course, from the basic concepts to implementation and practical tips. Less math-heavy and less conceptual than Prof. Hinton's, but more practical and focused on engineering. Highly recommended. Not being a computer scientist, and with my coding skills a bit rusty, I was grateful for what some call "Python notebook spoon feeding".
This is one of the best course I have done, the course contain in-depth information regarding deep learning and the programming assignment will help you, see inside how deep leaning algorithm works. It is best if you do machine learning Stanford course before doing this course, but it is not required, anyone can start with this course
This was the best experience ever! Everything was explained in detail, everything was very straight forward, forums were amazing. I always had a lack of self confidence in coding, I thought that I don't know enough to become an AI researcher, yet I'm here, holding my first certificate proudly. KEEP LEARNING anyone who is reading this.
The course offers a great overview of deep learning and neural networks. Andrew did a fantastic job in clarifying the taught materials such as forward and backward propagation. Thanks to all those who put together this formidable course. i will work hard to take as well the remaining courses of this specialization in machine learning.
Andrew gives a great detail in how to implement NN from scratch.  Regardless your background is academic  or pure industrial, you will get both the intuition and detail formulation of the material.Please spend some time to view the optional videos, they are really important . If you would like to widen your knowledge in the field fast
What we ML enthusiast student have  question in common is how to implement neural networks  and deep learning model and this course will walk you through this question along with complete understanding of the steps. felling more confident now as I have completed this course. Thanks to sir Andrew NG  and team for their wonderful work.
This course is very significant and you can find this course on the CV of every specialist out there. The kind of understanding given to the students is surreal. I have done and seen a lot of courses but this one stands out !! Never thought backprop could be explained at such a level. Kudus to Andrew Sir for the amazing explanations.
Easy to understand and I think knowledge about calculus is significantly important to learning neural networks if you have some basic calculus would be very good and make you a lot easier to understand. however, code and example in an assignment is very clear and easy to understand the concept even if you don't familiar with calculus
I was taking this course after the other course on machine learning by Andrew Ng. This course shared most of materials with that course, except the fact this course used python, while the other one used matlab. However, it was still worth it as both courses has different problems in assignment. Also, this course was better organized.
Amazing course! Thank you Andrew you are amazing teacher !  I had little knowledge of it but now I feel much more confident! it has helped me to understand  deep neural network and deep learning fundamentals. I want to take up next sessions also, I hope in the future perhaps keras will included as its simpler compared to tensorflow .
Great and challenging course. I learned a lot. There were parts, though, that could be improved - especially in the coding assignments, where outputs do not (are not, apparently, expected to) match "expected outputs" - like first assignment of Week 4. Forum is helpful but there's room for improvement. All in all, though, very useful.
Absolutely loved the course. I'm spending time trying out all the courses available online on Deep Learning and this turned out to be one of the most intuitive and clear explanations on the subject I've seen so far. The course is solid and highly recommended for anyone who craves a solid and concrete understanding of DL fundamentals.
Extremely didatic. It helps a lot if you have coursed Andrew's "Machine Learning" course on Coursera previously. Calculus is not a pre-requisite and you can have a nice intuition of what's going on even without it. Python exercises extremely detailed. I recommend it for anyone who's interesting in undertanding what is Deep Learning.
Great course, really helps to build the understanding. Also the assignments are of high quality and are useful for future reference. The only thing I didn't like is that "Math behind the Neural Networks is hard" message. Taking the derivatives isn't that hard! I wish there would be optional readings with all the mathematical proofs.
Exercises are very well organized. It's good code implementation. Slowly building base functions and then combining them into a full program. Andrew always wants to make you feel like "don't despair if you don't understand the math" but I do believe one needs a solid grounding on calculus and linear algebra to make the best of this.
Excellent course. Lectures are well paced and insightful. Professor Ng does an amazing job at distilling difficult concepts by breaking them down into basic components and then tying them together in an intuitive and easy to understand fashion. Assignments are also easy to follow and cement the concepts taught in the video lectures.
This course demystified Neural Networks and Deep Learning. I enjoyed the homework and also understand the limitations in a simple deep neural network. When I tested a painting I did for a dog,both logistic regression and N-layer NN predicted it as a cat. I look forward to the next course to learn how to improve deep neural networks.
Andrew NG builds your knowledge from the very basic and takes you to a level of conceptual understanding. You won't be using sklearn packages, rather you will be building your own models from scratch. Exercises are not very tough, and have ample amount of help material surrounding it. Highly recommended course for beginners like me.
Very good course for beginners. Extremely clear when introducing key concepts. The code examples are to be taken as purely educational. Their simplicity and clarity justifies the lack of optimization in using memory more efficiently. After all, the course is about introducing Deep Learning, rather the memory optimization. Good job.
Very well written materials and a good introduction to deep learning. Programming exercises are designed step-by-step for beginners. Very much looking forward to next course and hope I can start building a model from scratch at one day. Informative, comprehensive and logical materials taught by leading A.I. titan. Highly recommend.
This course really gets into the depth of neural networks and brings clarity to a lot of so-called 'black box' actions. The framework learnt through this course can be applied to build neural networks from scratch across any applicable problem. Thank you Mr. Andrew. Eagerly looking forward to the next course on this specialization.
Great course with lot of key details of how deep learning works and help us get familiar with the background, mathematical functions behind each activation function and importance of activation functions and finally help us to build the deep learning model with couple of practical assignments. One of the valuable and useful course.
I really enjoyed this introductory course to Neural Networks and Deep Learning. The quizzes and programming assignments followed the video lectures and were very helpful in terms of affirming my understanding of the material. I have absolutely no complaints! The setup of this course is perfect. Thank you Dr. Andrew Ng and Coursera!
Very good course to learn how to model and build a Deep Neural Network. How to structure different modules like parameter initialization, Forward Propagation, Cost, Backward Propagation, Learning parameters and to Predict. Supervised Learning Deep Neural Networks. Thank you Prof. Andrew Ng for sharing your knowledge and experience.
It's a really great course to get the basics of Deep Learning. The exercises although expose you to the detailed mechanics of implementing a deep neural net, at the same time are easy to understand and complete. An ideal stepping store to get the basics right before moving on to higher level python deep learning apis such as keras.
Concepts discussed in detail, with almost everything being asked to implement in the programming assignment. Although, because of the starter code, the assignments, were fairly easy, but then again the idea was to deliver the concepts and not test the programming skills of a person. All in all a nice starter course in Deep Learning
Amazing course with detailed project, learn a lot from this course.A small suggestion: in the project, you can provide more detail other than the finished code. For example, about the dimension of the coefficient matrix, you actually already provided in the following code. If you put that to blank, it will make students think more.
One of the best introductory courses to the core ideas behind implementing basic neural networks in deep learning. The curriculum is well thought out and structured. Made use of a variety of tools such as timed quizzes and guided programming assignments with quick feedback on grades. Andrew is as passionate in his approach as ever.
This is one of the best courses I've ever seen. I'm not talking about online courses only, I'm talking courses in general. Outstanding performance by Andrew and team!. Andrew, if you see this, I want to congratulate you. You inspire me and now I want to increase my knowledge about the AI in general. From Argentina, Lucas Ferreyra.
A simply wonderful introduction to those who are not experienced with deep learning, the course provides practical and hands on experience along with the theory content in the videos, which is an all round learning process. Deeply satisfied having completed the course, cannot wait to finish the other courses in the specialisation.
This course was amazing. It all started with basics and ended up with live project of cat detection. This whole course was well structured, and instructor was also very knowledgeable. Interviews with Deep Learning heros was inspiring. I would definitely recommend others taking this course as their first step towards Deep Learning.
Its amazing course to get deep knowledge of deep learning from the basics of logistic and Neural network.The course has covered entire mathematical calculations. and if Somehow you don't understand the concepts at start, after coming to the week 4 you get complete generalized NN model.Also, course assignment are amazing.Thank You.
This first course in the Deep learning specialization is a really good one as all concepts are taught from scratch and give hands-on learning. It gives minute details and great understanding which is not usually present in other deep learning courses. Kudos to the instructor and teaching assistant for designing such a good course.
Good course. This course showed me a lot of intuitions to help me understand what a neural network is and how to build one from scratch. I used to think nn a very sophisticated model, but this course provided me an easy-to-understand way to enter the field of machine learning. It certainly also roused my interest in deep learning.
Excellent overview of neural networks and machine learning in general. This course teaches theory and practical in much detail, so that one can head start a ML project right away after finishing this course. For me it took away the fear of back-propagation and neural network coding. All thanks to Professor Andrew and his co-staff.
Andrew Ng is not only a leading expert in machine learning, he's also an excellent teacher - his courses are enlightening and informative, and easy to follow without being too difficult - how deep you want to go in is up to you as a student - you can either dive into the theory and equations, or simply learn the practical aspects.
This was my first course in Deep Learning. The course is very well planned and lectures are systematically put into place. As an introductory course to Deep Learning, I think this is the best course that one can take. All the concepts are explained very well before we get to assignment part, so it becomes easier to do it yourself.
Nice intro into Deep Learning topic. Explanations are really thorough and understandable for even those who know nothing about calculus! Assignments help to see the algorithms in action yet prevent you from getting swamped with technical details and from ending up battling against the grader. Can't wait to start the second course!
This course demystifies the black box of deep learning --but it is still fascinating. To be successful in this course, you'll just need to be able to code and knows how to do matrix multiplication (not the whole linear algebra). It's good to understand calculus too, but to pass this course (and get a 100% grade) you don't need it.
Excellent course which contains comprehensive instructions and practical guidance from Instructor. Really enjoy and have learned a lot from the course. Thank you instructor for wonderful teaching and TA for answering classmates' questions. Looking forward to learning more about NN and AI in Python. Best Regards and Blessings. Mei
This is a great introduction to the world of deep learning. For someone with a calculus and linear algebra background, this summarized perfectly what I need to know to implement neural networks efficiently from scratch, without skipping apparently complicated stuff like backpropagation, so that I can start creating my own models.
Very helpful in understanding the basic concepts of Neural networks. also the length of videos are very appropriate and discussion forums are quite helpful in clearing doubts. Assignments and Quizzes are very relevant. Overall I really like the structure of the whole course. And recommended for any beginner who has interest in AI
This is a great course for understanding neural nets. I've learnt a lot by going through this course. The best part of the course is that it encourages us to implement the neural network from scratch without using any high level framework which helps us to gain understanding of what's going on and how things are working actually.
Andrew Ng is the master in explaining deep learning. He mentions everything you should know, the practical side, the code as well as the theory. This course really helped me to understand what deep learning is doing under the hood. A must-do for any deep learning engineer! (And I am also glad he switched from octave to python ;-)
The course servers as a perfect intro into Deep Learning. If you know some Python coding, and even some theory or have previous experience in Machine Learning, but want some detailed explanation of the math or hands on coding exercises, its perfect for you.  I love the content and can't wait for the others to open for enrollment!
The course, in general, was easy but high level. If you are new in the world of AI-ML and have familiar with some basic machine learning algorithms such as regression, this course will be the best way to continue. However, if you are entirely clueless about what machine learning is, you might find this course a little difficult.
I have been working with DNN for a while, and having this course made me have a deep insight into what actually happens. I did know what happens with the forwards propagation step, altought I was never really sure about the process that takes the backpropagation process. It helped me a lot to recapitulate and reinforce concepts.
The explanation for such complicated concepts is done beautifully. The quizzes and assignments are designed well enough to clarify whatever doubts might arise. This course keeps you invested throughout. Even the discussion forum for this course is very active and hence if any doubt arises, it will get clearly easily and quickly.
This course gives a great start for those wanting to understand neural networks and deep learning from scratch. However, if you are already using tensorflow, pytorch, etc, and are not into the details of how they work, this course is not for you. This is for those who want to know the things behind those deep learning libraries.
This is the most fundamental course in journey of Deep Learning and Neural Network Application that must be done!! Overall course is designed in such a way that understandings of basics of Deep learning and Neural Net is in a vivid  fashion. Thanks to the Instructor Andrew Ng and whole Coursera Team for such a  wonderful course!
Very clear, very useful and simplified right where it can be simplified. If I had to point out something, I would say the assignments are a little too guided and maybe this doesn't help deep understanding of the mechanics to "practical guys" that privilege a hands-on approach to learning in general. Overall, great course anyway!
The course explains the concepts of deep-learning at an intuitive level and slowly delves into the mathematics behind it which really makes it easier to understand the motivation behind every step of the deep-learning process. Highly useful course if you want an overview of how deep learning works and why it is so much in trend.
Nice course which explains how neural networks work. It nicely shows how to create simple networks with Python and numpy. It has great examples and exercises which are much better than it was in previous course with Matlab/Octave.Thank you Andrew Ng and everybody else who helped to create this course and supports it on Coursera!
The course design and assignment are consistent with each other. It not only helps a beginner avoid many unnecessary work, focusing on more relative knowledge, but also leave enough information for CS-like major to explore some other details. The course must take a lot of effort and heart of teaching teams to make this excellent
It's an excellent course with appropriate length of lectures, snippets on relevant math intuitions and programming assignments to gel the acquired the knowledge. I loved the course and progressed to next course in the specialization. This course help me understand the overview and details about Neural Networks and Deep Learning.
This is a wonderful course. It is really very simple.  I would say for the backward propagation it is the hardest material part. It will be nice if it was a example of it before the assignment.  I will suggest you look for a study group it really help. You will understand much better in a group. This course is very interesting .
Good and through explanation of deep learning concepts, very much enjoyed the coding exercises .Although I am looking forward to the upcoming CNN and Sequence models courses, I would have loved it if Andrew could do further course on Unsupervised deep learning , and other concepts such as Deep Reinforcement Learning.Many thanks.
This course was very useful. I have never experienced creating deep neural networks before and it was a great introduction. However, programming exercises were too easy: you just needed to implement the things written above a cell. It was not challenging at all. Maybe it is not a problem, but after c++ course I used to suffer:)
The content is good and very thoughtful. Quizzes are challenging. It's much better if you can include 3 or 4 videos (30 min in total) about Python programming, it's data structures, parameter passing...etc.Appreciate the course structure and evaluation method of programming assignments.Thank you, Mr. Andew Ng and Coursera team.
I am so grateful that I had completed this course, consolidate my knowledge about deep learning, Andrew explain the logic and algorithms in detail which I always appreciate, Assignments now using Python and Jupyter Notebook which is the most popular ML languages, that is a big improvement compare to the Machine Learning course.
Great and gentle introduction! to DL! Enjoyed the practical assignments a lot! Looking forward to more technical further courses in the specialization! Great for beginners and people who want to start from scratch as well it is great for more experienced people as a recap or for gaining practical insights on this amazing field!
The homework is well designed and easy to follow that is helpful in learning neural networks from implementing it from scratch. Some videos might be redundant for one who has  some experience with advanced machine learning techniques but you can always speed it up. Overall a great elementary neural network course for beginners.
I think I have learnt a lot about logistic regression, shallow and deep neural networks and after finishing this course I can tackle a lot of ML/DL algorithms and understand them perfectly. I thought a lot of calculus would have been involved in this course and it was in fact made easier to understand it, by Andrew. Thank you!
Very good and well-structured introduction to the neural networks. Even though the functions from the programming assignments might not be very useful in the real-life applications (because these functions have already been implemented in various packages), the assignments helped me to better understand the presented concepts.
A wonderful course. I expected the course to be sufficiently mathematical and it is. I am quite happy with that. I love the assignments. They really help crystallize the concepts. It would be better if the coursework also supported Java and some enterprise deep learning package like DL4J but it is fun coding in Python as well.
a lovely course, well presented by Pr. Ng with the same passion & curiosity we could find in the "Machine Learning" course. Don't forget it a nice introduction to NN topic and so it makes a quick overview of most technical aspects. For this kind of need, a set of relevant references would be nice to add in the "resource" part.
From this course, I learnt about deep L-layer neural network, and its forward & backward propagation.And how to get my matrix dimensions correctly which is helpful to build blocks of deep neural networks.Get a brief view in parameters and hyperparameters.Hope I can learn more about the neural networks in the following courses
This is a good course on understanding the intuition/math behind neural networks. Homeworks are done in Jupyter notebook with a very good structure showing step by step process. Although there are already many pre-written codes, the student will understand the step by step implementation of the model, which is very important.
The video lectures covered the theory and developed logic perfectly. The programming assignments were confidence-boosting and gave a practical point of view to Machine Learning. There should have been an additional lecture about caches,  but other than that the course was perfect. After all its Andrew Ng we are talking about.
Love the structure of this course. Needless to say but Prof. Andrew has done an incredible job of teaching the course in a way that's fun to learn. I am more motivated to learn the intuitive nature of DL and be able to eventually abstract relevant real world problems as a DL problem to solve them. I am just getting started :)
I would like to thank Coursera from the bottom of my heart for providing me the opportunity to gain acknowledgment of Neural Networks and Deep Learning. Coursera provides financial aid to help students like me. This knowledge is going to help a lot in my career. Now I am going to take my B.Tech project based on Deep Learning.
The course is excellent. It covers all the basics a beginner needs to get into neural networks and deep learning. The math is covered and the logic is explained in a succinct manner. The assignments are just difficult enough to keep the learner thinking but not too complex to deter the learner. I highly recommend this course!
Really a very good course to learn neural networks and deep learning. It is really a successful one because it teaches you how to start from the scratch. After this course, even if you use 3rd party porducts for deep learning you can be aware of what is being done in the background with the knowledge you get from this course.
Excellent course that sharpened my thinking on how Neural Networks work fundamentally. Always used to use neural networks as a black box for Supervised Learning tasks. After completing the course I feel more confident in taking up a difficult ML problem and write a deep NN from scratch to solve it. Great learning experience!!
Like always a great peak into the world of Deep Neural Networks by Andrew Ng. The lectures had as much math as it needed and they were not bombarding me with a lot of information but only with the really useful ones! The assignments were always leading me to solve the problems, maybe I would like them a little more difficult.
A good introduction to neural networks and some deep learning algorithms, It is just a nice kick start for the world of artificial intelligence, specifically deep learning. It will give you an overview, but bear in mind the road of learning is long and interestingly filled with application of deep learning to try on your own.
Excellent course that gets you coding right away and implementing the core algorithm in deep learning: Backpropagation. Ng is clear and concise throughout and gives plenty tips on how to code and avoid bugs. The programming notebooks are well constructing and easy for anyone looking to delve into the topic for the first time.
This course is too good if you really love mathematics. Astounding and Stupendous clarity in explaining topics. 
Learnings:1. Mathematical model interpretation for Deep Neural Networks: Graphical, Linear Algebraic, etc.2. Programming ensuring Time and Space Complexity while Implementing it - Vectorization,  Memoization, etc.
this is the best course I have been ever seen, who want to build their career in deep learning then this is perfect for it, but before u start this course u have good knowledge about machine learning, and for machine learning, u can start Mr. Andrew ng course then after u will enroll on this course this is my recommendation.
Extremely helpful review of the basics, rooted in mathematics, but not overly cumbersome. Very helpful for who want to understand deep learning from scratch. Very clear, and example coding exercises greatly improved my understanding of the importance of vectorization. The teaching techniques of professor Andrew NG is awesome
Even though I rate this course for five stars, I would like to express my concern about the vast amount of repetitions throughout the videos. Most of them could provide just the same information being about two times shorter. Apart from this, I am extremely grateful to Mr. Ng and his colleagues for sharing this great course.
Thank you so much Coursera for providing me such a good course. It was a great learning experience. The assignments and quizzes played an important role in improving my skills and giving me confidence to implement deep NNs. I'll definitely recommend this course to others. Looking forward to do more courses in deeplearning.ai
A very nice ,deep and comprehensive introduction to Neural Networks and Deep Learning.The instructors are fantastic and the complex Backpropagation has really been presented in a very simple,concise and easy to digest way and the way Andrew Sir teaches it no more looks to be a mathematically  complex Deep Learning algorithm.
The way Andrew covers all the concepts is, brilliant. It covers all the mathematical concepts behind an algorithm and explains them in great detail. The programming exercises give a good insight into the application. This course of the specialization is ideal for a beginner in this field . Can't wait to finish the next one .
This course perfectly explains the foundations of neural networks. You will understand the maths behind scary words like "backpropagation" in no time, and you will code everything by hand using python. This means that in latter courses when you use tensorflow, you will understand why you do what you do, which is wonderful :)
A simple and wonderful course. Goes through the basics of Neural Networks at the perfect pace. The assignments are well prepared and guide you through the implementations of your own NN models. For those who have an interest in Deep Learning and are familiar with Python, this course is perfect! Would definitely recommend it.
Best course if you want to break into deep learning! Concepts are explained well. Assignments have a lot of guidance, but are still challenging. Most other online courses are either too high-level (jumping straight into a heap of code) or too low-level (hardcore calculus derivations). Really enjoyed this one - very balanced!
I had some theoretical knowledge of neural  networks and deep learning earlier. However, this course helped in understanding the basic concepts better. The vectorization part taught in lectures are specially helpful. Thanks to Andrew Sir and all the team involved in this course. Looking forward to CNN and RNN courses.-Manish
I feel this course as an elixir for those who want to learn Deep Learning from scratch. One suggestion to provide if other platforms like MATLAB could have been provided for this who are expert in MATLAB or any such platforms. It would make the course especially the programming assignments for flexible and student-friendly.
I've heard about Andrew Ng before even taking this course that he's a great lecturer, having taken this course I found that there's a massive truth to what I heard. I really like the way he took me through the toughest and complicated concepts of DL. He was amazing!!!. I'm gonna take his future courses with the same delight
I was very new to programming but still managed to complete this course because Andrew is the coolest professor out there. The assignments help you understand the practical bits and assist you with your own ideas too! I'd completely recommend, even if you're an absolute beginner but have a little exposure to linear algebra.
Loved this course. Started following this one having a minimum experience is Machine Learning and Deep Learning, and now I feel like I have acquired a strong foundation knowledge in Deep Learning with all clear understanding of the mechanics behind it. Looking forward for the other courses of this specialization. Thank you.
This course explains theory and usage of NN and DL. I am engineer so I'm glad to learn them including fine techniques when implementation.When I was in trouble with not be graded on my code, I resolved by watching forum threaddiscussed same problem as mine.Thank Andrew, assistant , heros, classmates and see you next course!
This course explain the theory behind the neural networks in an intuitive way along with practical implementation of NN without using deep learning libraries (in the first course). This is very important to get to know the NN operations in each and every layers before dive deep into the other more complex NNs architectures.
This course is very thorough. Andrew Ng has made the difficult concepts most accessible. The video material and the coding exercises are closely interlinked and it reinforces the concepts.  The coding exercises are very practical. The interviews with the leaders in deep learning at the end of each week was most informative.
This course was great. The video lectures were very clear and informative. The workbooks and programming assignments were challenging but easy to follow. I highly recommend this course if you are interested in learning the intuitions behind deep learning as well as implementing them into code within just a couple of weeks!
Fantastic course. Started out to improve my knowledge for future projects and turned out to be eager to start the next lesson every time.Explaining the basis of Neural Networks from its mathematical equations all the way to its Python implementation made this course the most complete I have ever had the pleasure to attend.
Andrew is an excellent instructor. The course gives the necessary essence of deep neural nets and covers all important topics to build your deep network. I am very happy that I decided to take that course. Its one of the most important courses I have ever taken. Thank you Andrew and coursera for offering this great course.
Excellent introduction to neural networks and deep learning. As usual Andrew explains the material in a clear and concise way, with the right amount of mathematical derivations. The assignments are very well prepared and are extremely helpful in strengthening the theoretical preparation of the lectures. Highly recommended.
This is the best course for learning and implementing deep neural networks.It's really fascinating to see how the teaching material has been made and arranged. The assignments are so resourceful and still easy to understand because of documentation provided with every code snippet.Thank you Coursera for making it possible!
An excellent introduction to neural networks. The concepts are very well explained with enough of the mathematics behind NNs to demystify everything.Anyone who's done Professor Ng's Machine Learning course will find some material repetitive. But it is still worth doing some notation and approaches have changed quite a bit!
Such a great overview of not only the critical component of deep learning (shallow learning model, gradient descent) and technical details of how to achieve these models with python and numpy. I am so grateful for Dr. Ng for providing this wonderful lecture and am looking forward for further courses in this specialization.
Surprisingly Easily Understandable!Andrew explained the machine learning concept and its equations intuitively. Programming exercises are hand holding but yet confirming understandings from lectures. With basic calculus, linear algebra and python skills, you would pass this course easily with good understanding at the end.
Excellent course. I would have appreciated a stronger refresher on matrix calculus, perhaps with explicit examples. Nonetheless, I learned a lot! I'm excited to apply my skills in sheaf theoretic methods and algebraic topology to neural net architectures. I'm insanely curious about demystifying the "black box" so to speak.
I loved everything about this course. It is brief, repetitive enough for it to sink in properly, and the exercises are broken up into nice chunks.The only addition I would have is to have some additional material or exercise (ungraded) for people who do know calculus, since the level required is only high-school calculus.
The course is designed very well. I felt that the learning curve is very good (not very steep or very plain). The course flows from quite detailed implimentations to a higher level implementation. The detailed as well as the big picture is visualized excellently. Thanks a lot for the efforts put up to prepare this course.
Great course! Thanks a lot, Andrew and team! I liked very much how well-structured is the course material and how simply the theory of neural nets was explained. One of the best course I tried. In order to make the course even better it would be great to add more programming assignments (more difficult), perhaps optional.
Andrew did a wonderful job on explaining the deep learning models. The programming assignments are very helpful to understand the models thoroughly. The interviews with legends in the deep learning field at the end of each week's course is an absolute pleasure to watch. Thanks for the team to offer us such a great course.
It was an excellent course. The course taught me a lot in understanding the foundations of deep learning. The assignments were very helpful. In my opinion, Prof.Dr. Andrew Ng has great teaching skills. I hope to continue with the next course in this specialization and I will definitely recommend this course to my friends.
Thank you Dr. Andrew Ng for explaining me in real sense what backprop is, some material I found was repetitive in Week 3 and Week 4 but in the end I got to know that was required. Awesume programming assignments. Thanks a lot! I feel that doing this course has made me more confident in basics that most people are lacking.
Awesome course! Had a great time taking this course.The only bad side was the first interview in week 1. Although optional, I feltlike wasting 40 minutes of my precious time :) for not understanding any single word of a complicated discussion on deep learning topics I've never heard about.The rest of the course was great.
This was a very thorough introduction to deep learning and it's application. Unlike the ML course which was in octave this was in python which made me love this more as it's very commonly used language and hopefully the skills learned will be transferrable. Would recommend this course to anyone interested in Deep Learning
The assignments are made in such a way that anyone with a basic understanding of neural networks can also solve. It is more of a spoon fed learning than assignment. I think it can be slightly changed to make the person giving the assignment use more of their gained knowledge than the hints (as comments) in the assignment.
I really enjoyed Prof Ng's course, his lectures are crystal clear and  comprehensive, the assignments are thoughtfully designed to help you understand the theory completely and guide you step by step practically, I have learned a lot. I love these annotations in the assignments. Thanks for offering such an amazing course.
I gained a deeper understand on what constitutes a deep neural network. And also clear notations have been laid out to deepen the understanding and standardize the implementation of neural networks. Also it has been shown how to structure the code of the neural networks if you are starting the neural network from scratch.
I now know how deep learning works and it is all thanks to this course. I took a machine learning course but this showed the theory and application with deep learning. I have a physics background going into computer science and this course has definitely given me a skill in South Florida where most people don't have this!
Great course which provides a detailed mathematical and numerical overview with rigour and mathematical notations, and follows it up with focused exercises to implement neural networks and deep learning algorithms from scratch. Course covers practicum which I liked a great deal, and explains things crisply and succinctly.
Excellent course!  As someone who has been out of college for over 24 years and hasn't had linear algebra and calculus for at least that amount of time, I would suggest that some some side material be added for a refresher course on both of those topics.  Kudos to Professor Ng and staff for putting together a fine course.
Excellent course for those who are interested in understanding what exactly neural networks are and how to train parameters in a neural networks. I really liked the way how logistic regression is used to make us understand neural networks.Looking forward to learn existing topics from other courses in this specialization.
A very well oragnised course, I really appreciate the way Andrew sir teach concepts . Anyone who have little knowledge of python, calculus and a pinch understanding of matrix properties can easily understand  the concepts highlighted in this course. It's my first course on coursera and I really appreciate it. THANK YOU!!
This is a very good course with gradually improving difficulty, which made me learn a lot new things from a totally different persepctive. This course also improved my skills on Python programming, which is a very good introduction learning of Python. I get a lot of interests now and I will learn the following 4 courses!
It's a very interesting basic deep neural network course. And now I can understand the base of the deep neural networks. There are many useful informations in the python implementation such as vectorization optimizing your codes. I knows more about the AI technological trends throughout the AI hero videos in this course.
I have done other courses on introduction to the deep learning and found this course to teach things in a mathematical way. The professors reputation precedes him. The assignments were the best so far which are guided and focus on getting the concept ingrained and not focussing on the programming errors that might occur.
Learning experience was awesome. Hadn't seen any course yet in which each and every concept is explained from the scratch. Every fundamental from a single neuron to L-layer NN is explained in a very simple language. I appreciate the efforts of Andrew NG sir that he explained the concepts so well and in a easy to get way.
Prof Andrew's instructions were very clear and succinct. He also managed to put the deep learning concepts across in an easy to understand manner. The programming exercises were also well structured with sufficient comments for guidance. Overall, definitely 5 stars and look forward to taking more courses taught by him :)
Very good course. The programming assignments are good but are too tedious. Check out the book at "neuralnetworksanddeeplearning.com". His code makes more sense and relates better to what we are trying to achieve. All that work related to storing things in caches and making dictionaries of the parameters seemed wasteful.
The course was excellent. The explanations in the slides by Andrew Ng was very simple by anybody to understand.  Quizzes made us to think and revisit the weekly videos again. The programming assignments were very systematically designed to cover all the concepts of NNDL from scratch to Model and then for an application.
The course is fantastic. It clears your basic (although it is a good practise to have  a basic understanding of NN before your kick start this course). This course lets you understand the real mathematical picture inside the NN and help you build your own NN with any high level APIs - pytorch, tensorflow to name a few !
Great course. A lot of contents are mostly refreshing what was learnt in Machine Learning. It does skip quite a lot of ML content, which will be explained in the next Deep Learning course. Suggested to really finish ML by Andrew Ng before going through this course or beginners might get lost of what he is talking about.
A great introduction to neural networks (NN) and deep learning.  The instructor, Andrew Ng, clearly knows his beef.  The course is light on derivation and focuses more on the applications of NN, which is a good way to get people excited.  I learned a lot from studying the way Andrew Ng sets up the programming exercises.
I have spent days to find such an amazing course which instruct basic things of Deep Learning for newbies. I am really into this course and find out that it is completely suitable for those who want to learn DL from scratch. The instructors also explain all intuition of formulas which is the aspect I appreciate most!!!
I learnt the basics of Mathematics used in neural networks in this course. Being an M.Sc. Mathematics student myself, the concepts were explained in an easy to understand way, while also exploring the very nitty-gritty of mathematical concepts used. I look forward to doing more courses and completing the specialization
This course is already very good. Teacher gave me a better understanding of python programming and neural network. Only one thing can be improved. If we can get the data set and make the model totally by ourselves, that will be amazing. Overall, this course is good enough and I will do some extra work after the course.
This course does a good job expanding on the neural network content from the instructors Stanford Machine Learning course. It does a good job demystifying concepts like back-propagation and the change to Python with NumPy from Octave/Matlab makes the coding exercises much easier to read and applicable in the workplace.
A great introduction,  has been pretty easy for me especially since I have already done the Machine Learning course offered in Coursera by Andrew Ng. This course shows simplified implementation of real-life data science projects and image classification, and also provides lots of tips and tricks from the masters of ML,
Really the main challenge of this course to implement codes with appropriate dimensions. I liked how it was made very clear during the instructions. There is one point in the backward propagation in deep part of the implementation where dA of the previous layer is indexed by the current layer. That was a bit confusing.
I had some issue with the automated (I assume) grading system. Aside from that, I found the course material to be very informative, and the assignments both challenging a representative of the material covered in the course. I look forward to continuing along with the rest of the courses in this track. Thanks so much!!
I really enjoyed the course. It was amazing to understand how neural networks work from such a fundamental perspective and it was great.My only suggestion would be to include optional videos with all the Math included ( or references posted) as that would be useful in going through all the nitty gritty details. Srikant
Great introductory course into deep learning. The course is well designed, starting from the simplest type of neural net until finally building an actual deep neural net as the final project. Dr Ng does a great job of patiently going through the fundamentals to ensure a solid foundational understanding of the material.
This is the best course I have come across on deep learning and neural networks. After this course, I now understand the fundamentals and intuition upon which deep learning is built. I am now in a better position to further my studies. Can't wait to start building some cool projects of my own after this study journey.
This course is a perfect follow up of my previous "Machine Learning". It's clearly perfected as regards the assignments, it was a great pleasure to complete them. Still without previous introduction with "Machine Learning" I'm afraid I'd have had here some difficulties sometimes to follow the lecture and the formulas.
This course helped me to understand the neural network as the compositional functions (from mathematics). For me, this course wasn't difficult as I have a background in Calculus and Linear Algebra and little experience in programming. Hence, if you have experience in math and programming this course will be very easy.
Awesome. Thank you Prof. Andrew Ng and everyone for your hardwork. Every notebook assignment was vey well crafted. Back propagation/derivatives was the hardest part. You may consider making Back propagation/derivatives easier. I had to watch back propagation video multiple times while coding to understand the concept.
Thank you very much for this valuable course. I watched the videos before, but I did not enroll in the course, so I couldn't do the assignments. Now, I see how much the difference is between when you just watch the tutoring videos and when you do the assignments and write codes. I really appreciate it. thanks a lot :)
This course focuses on essential aspects of Deep Learning while also providing enough resources for stronger students to deep dive into technical aspects.  Do watch the optional videos and take note on extra resources/recommendations to get the most out of this class. Kudos to Andrew the team who made course possible.
The class is great, it teaches me why a neural network works so well. However, the derivative in the backpropagation is a little obscure to me in the class. I understood it by learning from the forum. The dA and dZ stand for the derivative of loss function while dW and db stand for the derivative of the cost function.
Recommended for the people who want to learn Deep Learning. You will learn how to create an L-Layer NN using scratch. Andrew gave great idea about NN, forward propagation, Back propagation. Why wee need back prop and there are so many basic things that we should know in order to learn Deep Learning.Overall I enjoy it.
One of the best courses on Neural Networks and intro to Deep learning. Never have understood Neural networks so well before this course. Assignments and challenging and interesting. Lot of efforts must have been made to create the assignments. I also learned about python best practices from the programming assignment.
I really enjoyed this course! Professor Ng's presentation of the material was incredibly clear, the conversations with experts in the field were very interesting, and I learned a lot through the application oriented presentation that I hadn't previously internalized as well through other presentations of the material.
Amazing course. Concepts couldn't have been explained in an easier way. The programming challenges were a little tricky, but I cleared my concepts by debugging my code. Also, the mentors on the discussion were really helpful when I was stuck in the exercises. Overall a highly rich experience with the great resources!
Awesome course to get you started with the intuition behind what's happening. It's worth taking a a second to appreciate what exactly is being accomplished with a little bit of calculus and linear algebra. Andrew really takes the time to make sure the learner can follow the thread of what's happening. Thank you, sir.
This course is the best when starting out deep learning. I have had some knowledge regarding ML and DL prior to starting this course but this course taught me Deep Learning in ways I have not experienced before and after completing this course I now see Deep Learning in a new way and am ready to step further into it.
I have good grasp on the Data Science. But I struggled a lot with Deep Learning courses on other sites as they introduced the concepts very differently. The clear introduction of concepts helps a lot in understanding the nuances of Deep Learning. This course did a great job and I am happy that I went for this course.
This course from Andrew NG is the ultimate course on Deep Learning. He not only explains the concepts very well and makes us understand the practical applications and with neat programming. Every chapter is very well planned and covers all the required what's and how's of ""Deep" Learning". (from Basics to Advanced).
If you have already tackled some machine learning problems yourself and really want to understand the inner workings of deep neural networks, this course is for you ! After this course, you will be able to program basic deep neural networks even if the lessons on hyper parameters tuning are left for the next courses.
The course is great, just it needs some more videos explaining what we did in assignments, although it is clearly, but videos helps :)To the new learners out there, go for it , although you MAY need some slight knowledge of Ml things. Just check on youtbe or somewhere and get some basic idea and then ready to start.
Excellent expiation of deep neural network architecture with realistic examples. Nice math explanation behind neural network like forward propagation, backward propagation, loss and cost function. Assignments are really helpful to apply theoretical knowledge. It helps me to get much confident on Deep Neural Network.
A very good introduction to deep learning where I was able to get the proper intuition and understand the minute working of the forward and backward propagation. The course also helped me to understand the mathematical derivations for the backward propagation specially and how it is working for the gradient descent.
Andrew Ng explains things in calibrated steps, without skipping the math, all the while ensuring you get the big "intuitive ideas" along the way.The interviews with AI Deep Learning "heros" are fabulous because they inspire and provide context for how the field is evolving.The course is challenging but not daunting.
Though I struggled initially with understanding the math (been over 30 years since I took these classes in secondary school), a little remedial training on you tube got me back to a reasonable understanding. I appreciate the education on Python and now I have a much better understanding how to train neural networks.
It was an awesome course and awesome journey as well. I am now much clear about the concepts of building a neural network. I believe I will once again work upon the assignments to brush up my skills. Thank you so much to the whole team for the efforts that you put to make this course a success.Thank you so much sir.
Excellent intro course on neural networks. Even though it is best to have completed the machine learning course prior to this one, the content is not much more difficult. The program assignments are particularly well made and touch upon every aspect taught in the course, they can almost be used as the course itself.
A great bottom-up overview of deep learning concepts with a decent amount of theory and a good emphasis on practical applications. I like the fact that you get to build everything almost from scratch to learn the building blocks (rather than starting with a framework) and then build it up to a practical application.
Do deep learning with just Numpy. THAT is by far the best thing about this course. No barrage of libraries being introduced and the additional jargon and implementation idiosyncracies that come with them. Pure matrices. You get a lot more out of it if you program all the exercises from scratch and I mean A LOT more.
Andrew Ng at his best: perfectly clear, attention to detail, highlighting potential gotchas. Practical training with hands-on implementation of  Neural Networks in Python/NumPy. In my opinion, it's a better choice than Matlab/Octave. As a bonus, learnt some useful tricks relevant to other NumPy applications.  Great.
Great course. The clear, step-by-step progression from Logistic regression to deep learning pretty much completely de-mystifies deep learning. Thank you Prof. Ng. There are a couple of surprising little errors in the example code here and there, but that just ends up improving the learning experience, as it happens.
Enjoyed thoroughly. I think a bit harder (and more realistic) assignment would have been better. I was unhappy with 80% accuracy in cat vs non-cat pictures. At the end of final assignment my program classified the image of a watch as "cat". May be I am jumping ahead and there will be better models in future courses.
A great introduction to Neural Networks as expected from Andrew Ng. The Jupyter notebooks are very well documented. Even though I was familiar with most concepts explained in this course and am more interested in the other courses of the specialization it was well worth doing this refresher. Looking forward to that.
The course was challenging. Right from the start Andrew pushes you to think about neural networks from a mathematical point of view, which in turn makes it easier to appreciate NNs. The pace of the videos is perfect, concise enough not to be boring, but long enough to be able to explain the intricacies of the topic.
Course is very ideal for the people with linear algebra background .I see many times Professor  Ng saying you don't need to worry about complex maths etc.. but he spends most of the time explaining the equations.It would have been more beneficial if the real world problems and solutions are discussed in the course.
Excellent course. I took this course after completing the Coursera Machine Learning course by Andrew Ng. Nice to have both Matlab and Python experiences. I really liked hearing from the Deep Learning experts in the included "heroes" videos. Andrew's teaching style is the best I have come across. Highly recommended.
The way mathematics is explained is very intuitive. If you know basic calculus and matrix multiplication, you will easily grasp all the concepts taught in the course. Moreover, by the end of the course we implement our own neural network without using any library like TensorFlow which really adds to the confidence.
Andrew presented the material in a way that was very easy to understand and the exercises were very helpful for learning how to code deep learning models.  The format of the course is exceptional with videos and text of the lectures to go back and review any information that isn't understood the first time through.
Andrew is a great instructor that explains very clearly the core concept of Neural Networks and teaches you step-by-step how to develop and train your very first Neural Network.  Absolutely the best series out there for anyone who wants to break in to ML and DL.  Really, Andrew makes it anyone can learn this stuff!
This is a very good course. The instructor did a great job preparing the materials to help students to grasp complex ideas and mathematical formulas. The programming assignment is also excellent as it both reinforces my understanding of the course materials and builds confidence to develop an application by myself.
This course is very good starting point to get into deep learning. Course content include necessary explanation on the required mathematics. Once must have some knowledge of python to undertake this course. Programming exercise is very heavy commented and try to explain every detail from implementation prospective.
Very good course. Focuses on implementation rather than the math and theory of deep learning. So if your intimidated by the math or theory, or are not really interested in the theory, this would be a good first course. It provides all the tools you need to implement a multilayer, fully connected, binary classifier.
I think you are a great instructor and I feel I have learned a lot from you. I feel that you have opened my eyes to some new perspectives and helped me to become a good programmer.I hope you have a good summer during the quarantine days and are in perfect health.I really appreciate you.Best Regards,Atefeh Torkaman
I learnt a lot of things form this course. This is the stepping stone towards my career in deep learning. I would like to thank Andrew ng for providing such a knowledgable course. I learn lots of mathematical formulas to implement > I will look forward towards the next course in the specialisation. Again thank you
This is a good course to start with neural network basics. The course is structured carefully to start with single layer, then 2 layer and then L layer NN. The exercises are well articulated. Only thing which could have improved was to let the user do some more coding rather than giving built-in stuff. Keep it up.
This was an outstanding journey to the Deep learning. I loved this course's style and perfect level of preparation. And trust me I know how hard is to prepare something with as perfect quality like this. Mister  Andrew is excellent lector. Thank you in advanced. I managed to understand all the knowledge presented.
Fantastic course, really enjoyed this. If you're looking to do this course and you haven't seen a math equation for a while... Do a few algebra equations and watch a few calculus/linear algebra courses on YouTube just so you're in the right frame of mind (I did this a few months before the course and it paid off).
The content of the class was great overall. However, the projects would have been more valuable with less guidance (i.e. less code already filled out for the student). Although, I can definitely understand why the projects were structured this way: To keep the focus of the project on the machine learning concepts.
I personally finished this course in a week. My feelings are: -The lectures are presented in a very clear way.-Assignments are relatively easy based on the detailed instruction.-Gain a basic understanding of how neural network represents, how it works, why it is better than traditional machine learning algorithms.
I was trying to learn from various sources but no i started from the basics like you did and also programming notebooks are beautifully designed such that some one can open it in future and it will just give  a recap plus your deep diving with numerical analysis was best process. Thank you for this awesome course.
Really nice introduction to Deep Learning. I found really amazing the continuity in the programming assignments. I would recommend for everyone who wants to start learning deep learning, you should not skip this part of ML/DL (I refer to those persons who wants to short-cut their way to become a ML/DL developers)
Coming to this class after taking Andrew's other Machine Learning class on Coursera.  It is nice to have a familiar face and the quality of the class is just as high.  The programming assignments have been just the right amount of difficult and have done well showing the real world application of Neural Networks.
This introductory course helped me understand what neural networks are and how they work. One drawback that I see is that programming assignments were too straight forward. everything was described in the comments. all you had to do was to write the equations in python and that's it. not a bit of thinking effort.
The content of the course is quite friendly. The teacher's teaching is not only very instructive but also helps me to establish a deep learning knowledge framework. 
On this basis, I have not only learned new knowledge, but also helped me review the basic syntax of Python and the use of Numpy.Thank you very much!
Definitely worth taking. It is slightly on the easier side, but Andrew does an amazing job amazing very complex things in a way that anyone can understand. I really like the weekly quizzes and programming assignments, because they really make sure that I understand the material. All in all a very good experience.
A must-have course for the fundamentals of Neural network. This course provides the building blocks for the Neural Network and 2 layers vs N-layer Neural network Model. The best part is identifying the different pieces of the NN model, then defining those and then start building the full model using these pieces.
Great course for a neural networks foundation! Some of the concepts are repetitive from Andrew Ng's Machine Learning class, although I would say it's good practice to go through them twice. Loving the homeworks using jupyter lab - they are more relevant to today's work than the Matlab psets from Machine Learning.
As someone with a background in machine learning and statistics, I found this intro of deep learning to be very interesting. The eureka moment for me was when I realized that the neural networks presetned are basically the composition of generalized linear models. Looking forward to the next course in the series.
Excellent videos! With this help it was possible to implement my own neural network class. However one thing: I'd prefer the assignements to be less strictly structured. For instance the caches in week 4 gave me a hard time. Of course, it's more difficult to automatically validate correctness of the results then.
Andrew Ng is an incredible teacher. While you don't have to know all the details to do well in this course, it includes many of the little features needed for a broad range of deep learning projects and applications if only taken a small step further. I enjoyed this immensely and am excited for the second course!
Andrew really knew how to explain the calculus and math behind the deep learning principles and techniques. He has a calm and relaxing way of explaining and is really easy to listen to. Overall, I would really recommend this course for anyone who wants to get started with Neural Networks and is not a math genius
Excellent introduction to deep learning. The programming assignments are very accessible -- I just wish that it was a little simpler to execute the assignments locally on a Mac! With some elbow grease you can make it work, but it would be great if there was a simplified local execution walkthrough for Mac users.
It has been quite interesting course! The explanation videos where very easy to understand andby writing code in python I understood little by little what explained in the theoretical part and got more and more confidence. Also by resolving practical examples it motivated me a lot to finish the course.Great job!
One of the best courses I have taken, specially for Neural Networks, after taking the Machine Learning with professor Andrew Ng I could not wait for him to release another course and he did it. I am currently studying a Master's degree in Machine Learning and this is one of the most helpful courses I have taken.
This course was an excellent introduction into Neural Networks and the concept of Deep Learning. Prof. Ng provides a series of video lectures that provide the basic tools to implement several examples in Python. A very enriching experience!Looking forward to the next courses that are part of this specialization!
Great way to learn and understand how FW and BW propagation works. Great examples and very organized programming assignments. The user group forum is of great help when you get stuck. Even a small hint makes a big difference. I am also thankful to all forum participants.See you at the next course. Regards, _igor
It's a good intermediate course on Neural Networks (NN) and Deep Learning (DL) topics. The best part of this course is how it was designed and taught with a vision of AI benefitting all. I sincerely thank Andrew Ng and his team.I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn beyond the NN and  basics.
Andrew is back with an amazing DL course, This first course is the ABC/building blocks of what will come next. Andrew explanations are very clear and simple. I've appreciated so much the choice to use Jupyter notebook for the programming assignments!! A great begin for a great specialization. Let's go deeper! ;)
Until I took this course, I had very little idea about Neural Networks, particularly backpropagation. Thanks to Andrew for such valuable lessons, he explains very intuitively, so no hardcore math background is needed but his lessons are well understood with math background as well (I studied Actuarial Science).
The course is incredible. Andrew Ng has the ability of make thing so easy. Deep learning seemed like such an abstract concept to me, but just after the first course, I feel so much more confident about the topic. I recommend this course for anybody and I am so grateful for the opportunity of taking his classes.
After finishing Andrew Ng's previous Machine Learning course with Standford University, I attempted this course as part of the 5 course Deep Learning Specialization. This course went into much greater detail while keeping the content such as forward and backward propagation much simpler and easier to visualize.
Very detailed and structured explanation of concepts. I always thought that the neural networks work like a black box and are too complex to understand. This course is extremely helpful in breaking down the various complex concepts that form the backbone of any neural networks. Truly insightful and informative.
Awesome Tutor with a lot of interactive intuitions and helped to understand the concepts much easier and the exercises were also very much fun could have enjoyed more if there were other exercises also. Couldn't get enough of it. Thank you so much and kudos to the team who had made this course what it is today.
Andrew described knowledge points of ML in organized details. Most important of all, his lecture is very easy to understand. Obviously he know ML from top to bottom, in and out. So there is no show off of jargons, or try to explaining a concept by a more complex concept. Recommend to everyone who want to learn.
This was my first coursera course and I can say it was definitely worth it. I began learning AI topics on my own via blogs/youtube/papers and I can say  (so far) that this methodology is much more optimized as the lectures are very complete. I would definitely recommend it to anyone interested in deep learning.
I have worked with many machine/deep learning programs for the past years. Still, I think this is a great course to get a grip on the linear algebra basics, even though it is not that hard to begin with. It is also perfect for beginners to understand the underlying logic of machine learning and its techniques.
if you ever wondered what is this buzz about machine learning? then this course is for you. Andrew Ng is an excellent teacher. he explained really complex problems in a simple manner. looking forward to taking other courses in this series as well. thank you Coursera and Andrew Ng, for such an excellent course.
Amazing Course. Thanks a lot, Andrew Ng & his team for creating outstanding content. Andrew Ng explains all of the mathematics & statistics concepts very clearly. Moreover, assignments quality is too high. I cannot express my happiness when my model can detect my favorite cat picture after creating L-layer NN.
It's really organized and universal course. I found a few instances where it was less mathematical especially backprop derivation because it's also designed for the people without good mathematical background. Loved the beginning of the journey! Even if you know ML, this course will enhance your understanding.
This course is amazing !! My professor in my bachelor degree taught me about neural networks in the pattern recognition course, and I did research about using neural networks for electronic device modeling during my master's degree. However, I did not come across such explanation of neural networks. Well done!
Perfect for Deep Learning Beginners.1. Well Structured and to the point.2. Assignments shows best practices to follow.3. Maths at its best. Minimal and most effective.4. Duration is just perfect. No clutter, No garbage talk !5. Mr. Ng surely knows how to teach. One of the best taught course, i have ever took !
Great course, learnt a lot. The assignments are interactive and just right for the level of course taker. Maybe a little bit hard for people who are new to programming, but not impossible.There are still some space for improvement, such as the English subtitles, pdf file of slides etc.Thank for a great course.
I have got a better intuition of what neural networks and Deep Learning is, and got more insight of why AI, especially Deep learning starts taking off recently. Besides, I also learn how to build my own neural networks with Python. I really express my gratitude for all teaching staffs of this wonderful course.
Excellent Course!Andrew is really good at conveying some complicated concepts in ML through somehow casual and intuitive language. Besides, practice guides offered in lecture videos and assignments are very useful for mastering the concepts of DL.Anyway, to me this is one of the best tutorial for DL beginners!
It gives me a symmetrical understanding of DL, which I have picked up in cs231n online. However, after taking this course, I figure out most of the details and the work flow of NN becomes clearer. Thanks a lot! In addition, from the assignment, I am impressed deep by "modularization" coding. It benefits a lot.
Best course on Neural networks. If you are trying to learn from scratch without any idea of neural networks or machine learning, this course is for you. Personally, being from a mechanical field, this course has still helped me develop deep insights even though i didn't have any background in neural networks.
Amazingly well-organized videos, support material, and programming assignment, transforming comprehensive matters (calculus, linear algebraic, numeric calculation, Python programming) in a didactic approach for learning. The balance between the theoretical fundamentals and the practical exercises was perfect.
This is one of the greatest courses on deep learning ever. The reason includes its simplicity and teaching method, which includes the fundamentals, though this course is categorized into intermediate. I highly recommend to take the machine learning first and then come here for the advanced lectures. Thank You
Awesome course. The lectures are very well explained. The only thing I didn't like so much was the use of already made helper functions. I think we should be able to build everything from bottom up. Anyway I understand that the helper functions are a shortcut for put up as fast as possible the things running.
Excellent content and very well explained. Thanks for this amazing course.The course cover the building blocks of a Neural network. Andrew (and his team) did a great job by organizing the content in an evolving way in which you have the chance to build the knowledge from each piece of a (deep) Neural Network.
Great course to introduce neural networks and deep learning. Notation for variables and math are carefully selected for easy understanding and programming. Adndrew's insight and tips helped answer all my questions really well. I will continue to complete all remaining courses for deep learning specialization.
It's an excellent introduction course for anyone who interested in Deep Learning. However, I would suggestion people who's going to take this course to spend a little bit of time to understand the calculus used in this course so that you'll have a better understanding of the logic behind the derivative stuff.
The key part of this course is the ready practical application and ease with which the fundamentals were explained in forward and backward propagation. Andrew could not have made it any simpler. For maths involved in deriving the equations for backward prop, links to some study material would have been good .
Very nicely structered course! Also great ratio between taking in knowledge and putting that new learned info into practice. I really like that everything you need is provided so you don't have to google lots of things and get frustrated if you can't find certain information (like at most university courses).
An excellent tutorial for deep learning beginner's.  I think it is better to complete the Machine Learning course under COURSERA before enrolling into deep learning.  One suggestion I would like to post that it would be better if  the database creation with H5 is given and also the feature extraction process.
Excellent course,  the step by step approach took me through simple to deep neural networks with great videos and intutitions.  Hands on assignments were challenging but good,  they made me review the material so that by the time i had finished the assignment i was confident in the deep learning architecture
I am planning to complete all the courses in the Data Science Specialization. My primary goal is to understand what happens behind the deep learning blackbox. With that in mind, the first course was a good introduction to Deep Learning networks. I also had a lot of fun working on the programming assignments.
Excellent introductory course.  Assignments are organized very efficiently saving lots of time to focus on learning the concepts.  Explained in a very accessible way, requiring only basic knowledge of underlying math and python.  I would recommend it to anyone regardless of background in math or programming.
Andrew NG does a great job of simplifying very complex concepts and presenting them in a very simple way. The whole course is organized extremely well and carrying out the assignments in jupyter notebook was an absolute charm. My only take back is that the course needs some reference materials to study from.
Loved the course! Just amazing. I consider Andrew Ng one of the best instructors in this field. He takes this complex subject and step by step he will give you everything you need to understand how Neural Networks work and start implement your own Deep Learning algorithms. Looking forward to the next course!
Great course by Andrew Ng and staff - the clarity of explanations and intuition is outstanding. You will need some basics in machine learning, for that Andrew's Machine learning course (also on Coursera) is perfect. Some fundamentals of Python will also make the programming assignments easier to understand.
Great course. Only problem is i think homeworks are too hand holdy. I get this is maybe easier for the autograding but it pretty much hands us the code and just asks us to paste it in the correct place or translate said formula into python. I feel learning is lower because of this.Otherwise all was perfect!
Great course for people to get a feel of deep learning through programming. Prior knowledge in calculus was not required, although it was very helpful in understanding the concept of back-propagation. This course is a great motivator for continuing with the other courses in the deep learning specialization.
Great course! It's amazing how Andrew explains things in a really clear manner and how he explains everything from the beginning (I mean explaining how every formula of the algorithm is obtained). I'm really happy about the knowledge I've acquired so far and how I've been able to put it in practice. Thanks!
An Excellent Course developed by Professor Andrew N.G. and his team. The course explains the overview of neural networks in a very simple and detailed manner but still in a great depth providing very good learning experience. Will definitely recommend doing this course to all the aspirants of Deep Learning.
Many thanks for Mr. Ng and team for putting together this course and setting up the necessary logistics. It gives a good introduction for implementing a neural-network. Using cloud-GPU makes experimenting and prototyping less time consuming. Looking forward to next course in this specialization.Regards,Uday
Prof. Ng has again created a great course on machine learning for the public. This 4-week course seems to be less mathematically rigorous than the 11-week Machine Learning course, but it's understandable--the goal is to get to deep learning topics sooner rather than later, and some material needs to be cut.
This lesson taught us the basic concepts of Neural Networks and Deep Learning. Then it emphasized on practice by teaching us how to build our own logistic regression model, shallow neural networks and deep neural networks, which could be applied to classify images. It is quite a useful and wonderful lesson.
Thank you! I am amazed. Straightforward notebooks, spectacular demonstrations, almost zero issues with the framework - that must have been a pretty lot of work. May I use the notebooks as a base for my classes in the DL extracurricular activity at PPKE ITK? These are far the best demos I have seen before :)
The teaching is very thorough and easily described. The materials are very descriptive. The quizzes are great to verify the learning. The programming assignments are wonderful because they develop the concept step by step. Last but not least, the lecture delivery of sir Andrew Ng is so engaging. Thank you.
Andrew Ng is one of the world's leading practitioners of Deep Learning and Artificial Intelligence, and he's also an excellent instructor when it comes to explaining concepts in a simple, lucid manner. This course is a perfect intro to Deep Learning that will set you up for a career in this exciting field.
This class is really a delight. The material is well structured and clear. The assignments are very well done, you can focus on the actual algorithms. The time estimates for the assignments were pretty accurate for me. If you took the Machine Learning class from Andrew Ng before, some material can overlap.
Extremely hands-on, easy going, easy to understand, progressive, attention to details. Most effective way of human learning of machine learning. Jupiter is also great; course materials are meticulously prepared, and are runnable and downloadable. Everything you wish, it is there. Thanks for the great work!
To me, there are still some mysterious parts of Neural Networks and Deep Learning after I completed this course. However, neural network and deep learning is not a black box to me anymore. I understand how it works now and I know if I have the data and formulas ready, I am able to train my own NN machine:)
It is a great course to start for learning Neural Networks and Deep Learning. Andrew clearly illustrates the concepts and math behind the algorithm. The homeworks are critical milestones in comprehending how to build a network and I suggest anyone with interest in Machine Learning to tackle this challenge.
The very carefully thought-out notation really helped me get through this course in just over a week, without any previous experience. The optional videos that explained the underlying mathematics of neural network architecture will be an invaluable asset for creating my own designs from scratch. Awesome!!
Very nice course on neural networks.In this course we will get to how to build a simple neural network to how to build a deep neural network from the basics.But one should have knowledge of basic operations on matrices,vectors and calculus(chain rule) to understand the learning process of neural networks.
Extremely useful to understand the very basics of NN architecture, including the flow of all mathematical computations like forward and back propagation. Programming assignments involve implementation of NNs from scratch without using tensorflow or keras, thereby promoting better conceptual understanding.
This is so far the most interesting and involving course I had ever come across. Till before I started this course, I had been searching for a good course with both theory and hands-on practicals. I am really happy for starting this learning path for having found out where my research interest is aligned!
Wonderful program, a lot detailed explanation of how Neural Networks work. Mathematical concepts were explained so neat that it was easily grasped, the course material is designed in a simple manner for easier understanding. Overall loved this course, looking forward to complete rest of the specialisation
A very beginner-friendly course and the learning schedule can be agile. I've been using TensorFlow for some time but have a relatively vague understanding of the mechanism behind the interface I use, and the programming assignments in this course are helpful for me to gain the intuitions of deep networks.
Andrew is very thoughtful. The course is both suitable for beginners and old hand. We can always learn something from this class. It feels good that there is a master who can show you the big picture of deep-learning on a high standing and guide you through the beginning, which is always the hardest part.
I find this course very good and easy to understand. Inasmuch the depth that the instructor goes into , the course is very well structured and very easy to understand. Also, the programming exercises are very helpful and congruous to what is being taught. My sincere thanks to  Andrew ng and coursera.org!!
There are a lot of courses, books and other resources to learn but only this one provides enough and theoretical and practical information. The math explanation is simple enough to be understood by anyone. The assignments are divided into intuitive small steps which allows to implement complicated models.
the best thing about this course is the programming assignments. They not only helps in understanding the concepts covered in the lecture, but also provides confidence to implement things from the scratch in your own working environment. Further, the interviews with Hinton, Arbeel, Goodfellow are awesome.
This course shows the "bricks" of the neural networks and gives a good intuition of how they work. I also liked that you have to make a few neural networks from scratch, rather than use a framework or something like that. This course is a great start in the field. Looking forward to complete the next one!
I have really enjoyed doing this course. In fact I used to use high level libraries to build my neural networks, without a clear understanding of what is really going on inside the box. Now I am able to code my neural network from scratch and I now understand what is happening in each neuron of my model.
Many a times, when going through an Online course I don't get what's happening  what. But this course had the right theoretical knowledge and concise walkthrough about everything. Along with it, the "intuition" videos really help getting a grip on the subject matter, and its easier to picture every step.
There is no doubt that Mr. NG is one of the best instructors n this area. His explanations are very clear and straight to the point. I am really amazed at his understanding and the way of teaching. The programming problems were also very much helpful. I am surely going to recommend to others this course.
I find this course as an excellent introduction to supervised learning.The programming assignments where made in such a manner to encourage even those that are less familiar with Python programming. Even so the explanations and support helped a lot to get an idea of what's behind a simple neural network.
I love the teaching style through this course. The way the professor teaches make all the theory easy to understand and to follow. The assignments provides detailed guidelines to the coding instruction. Basically, it contains the pseudo code already and all you need to do is to transfer them into coding.
In my opinion, this course is pretty good.The content of this course be designed as a simple methods to learn and the homework was designed by your team ,it is very useful for me to understand this course and the progress of forward and backward propagation of deep learning .Thank you Andrew and others .
As always, Andrew Ng' s course has high quality training material and he's really good at explaining the topics in a relatively simple way. Easy to follow and understand.  Programming assignments are well designed, also some comments should be a bit more clear. Overall, worthy of the time you spent here.
Great - it took me until after the course to realize I could look the syntax up in external numpy documentation. Otherwise it was informative, if hard to guess at the syntax. Not sure if I can take one of their models and generalize it for my own use. That seems to require a different environment or IDE.
One of the best ever course on fundamentals of Deep Learning.I had previously worked on lot of deep learning projects but lacked mathematical perspective behind it. Now everything is crystal clear giving even better intuition when working on projects. Thank you Andrew, deeplearning.ai and Coursera team.
The perfect course to understand the principle and understand the practical implementation of Neural networks. In my opinion, taking part in the course "Machine Learning (Stanford University)" taught by Prof.Andrew NG made it easier for me to understand the NN concepts taught in this course much easier.
The course was great in introducing machine learning and deep learning. I have learned alot of concepts and coding techniques. However, I think it would be much better if the homeworks are alittle bit harder. At least one or few functions should be left for the students to write completely from scratch.
Ideal as first approach to neural networks. After completing this course, you really understand how a deep neural network works, even if you knew almost nothing about this subject at the start. Very good also from technical point of view and very well taught. Videos and Python notebooks are  very clear.
Great course. Though i would suggest that one does in addition to a theoretical course. Prof Andrew was spot on as always. His CS 229 on stanford engineering everywhere is a remarkable supplement to this though it is much tougher than this. I wish the programming exercises were designed in a better way.
Great introduction on the 'inner' workings of neural nets. Clear presentation on forward and backward propagation. Anybody thinking to make the step from 'classical' machine learning to neural networks and deep learning will not be disappointed by the lectures and the accompanying programming exercises.
It is magnificently explained. In this course, complex theory as the backpropagation algorithm is explained in a way that it is not difficult to fully understand what's behind it.Also, tests and exercises are good to learn tips and advices for the time i'll be needing to implement my own neural network.
A great lecture from Andrew! The video, programming exercises and the course discussion forums are extremely helpful. Highly recommended for anyone would like to understand NN and Deep Learning - no previous experience required although some basic calculus and linear algebra knowledge will become handy.
Very good and enjoyable introduction to neural networks. Andrew gives an intuitive introduction to the key concepts in a clear and concise way. He doesn't focus too much on the underlying maths but gives enough details for anyone to dig deeper into the proofs or mechanics if desired. Highly recommended.
great course ! I like how Andrew Ng shows back propagation and how the cache is used from the forward prop. I truly believe I am learning a lot "deeper" framework than in the Udacity courses. I don't even think I'm going to do Udacity now because the learning here is so much clearer and straightforward.
Best Foundation to Deep Learning ever! You'll be amazed by your transition through the four weeks. Andrew Ng has got this knack of breaking down huge concepts and feeding them in, when you're unsuspecting! Special Mention - Heroes section: Pursue with your intuition even when nobody else believes in it!
It was such a great way of learning about the Neural Network. I appreciate the professor and the entire Coursera team for such an amazing course. This course entirely changed my perception towards what machine learning, deep learning towards is towards more confidence and easiness. Thank you, Coursera.
If you are always perplexed by the concepts of neural networks, what is weight update, how they are so accurate in solving some very complex problems, or how different algorithms play an important part in ML world, this is the best course to start your learning.I promise you won't be disappointed!! :-)
So Great a course! With  the help of this，I have the chance to step into the deep learning! And learning lots of knowledge such as Shallow neural networks , the basics of neural networks , deep learning and deep neural networks!All of them are extremely important for the  mastering of AI.Thank you all!
This was a very informative course. It gives a very clear and conceptual foundation for Machine learning. It does not focus on the coding part of machine learning. Instead it focusses on helping the learners understand the concepts. This is a very good start for anyone looking to learn Machine learning
Its a great experience always with Andrew's courses. This course gives a complete insight of how to proceed with simple mathematical operation of NN and then slowly improving on other things to achieve better accuracy. Its worth spending time listening each word of Andrew and trying it in the exercise.
GREAT course! Andrew elaborated the neural network for Deep Learning in an extremely clear and well-organized way! Follow his guidance and instructions, not only I comprehended the intricacies of deep learning,  but also a full-fledged neural network can be implemented from scratch by myself in Python!
Very well-structured, and well-thought out: the attention to the consistency of the notation (barring one homework programming assignment) helps make the algorithm clear. The guided assignments show the students good practice in modularity and optimization using vectorization and caching (memoization).
Very good approach to teaching such complex topics as deep neural networks. I got much more knowledge and tips for deep learning than through other courses and self-education. I will definitely recommend this course and other deep learning courses to my colleagues and friends. Thanks Andrew! Great job!
I'm not going to say anything different than anybody had said in the reviews,Andrew is simply the best.But I don't think you can understand the contents in this course without basic High school Calculus and Matrix understanding,even if Andrew teaches the basic,I feel it's necessary to know them before.
This course is probably the best course for the people who want to start learning Neural Networks and Deep Learning. The course was well planned and explained. The conversion of math to code was explained very well. I would recommend this course to everyone who wants to start learning Neural Networks.
As a Product Manager, this course helped me understand key concepts that I can take to my engineering and data science teams and start prototyping products and features based on Deep Learning. The exercises are super fun, really well done and the right amount of challenge! I would highly recommend it!
I'm very grateful that you let me do this course by approving my financial aid application. thanks!So about the course, This course has all those things which is needed for a student to enter a field of deep learning. I will strongly recommend this course to everyone who want to spark in data science.
Course content is very well organized and very complex content is explained systematically with good examples which lead to good understanding of concept. Programming assignments are created in a very supporting way that the exercises can be completed with assistance provided with detailed description
Thank you Prof Andrew Ng for sharing your knowledge and experience among learners from all parts of the world. There is no better person than you to teach such advanced courses making them so easy and interesting to learn. •Very structured course •Meticulously designed assignments Highly recommended!!
Great material, I liked it a lot because I didn't need more background knowledge than some calculus and a little experience with Python. I also found the materials very complete and organized. Another great addition were Andrew's interviews "Heroes of Deep Learning", very motivatinal and interesting.
This course help me understand the concept of deep learning and neural network .After completing this course , I feel confident about neural network.It also help me to learn two or more layers deep neural network.I want to thanks Mr. Andrew and deeplearning.ai  for this great course on deep learning.
if you want to learn neural network from scratch with proper mathematics behind, then you are in correct place. As every one andrew ng is considered as best faculty for teaching neural network. Now a days also this kind of teaching lacks in many university. Looking  forward to complete rest of course
Outstanding! Really gives an in-depth overview of the intuitions behind deep neural networks! Deep Learning is less of "black magic" to me now!Thank you Andrew Ng for this carefully constructed course, you managed to make the "extremely complex" into something much easier to understand and replicate.
I do really thankfully appreciate for the basic fundaments of deep learning. Sometimes as deep learning user, we use only template toolbox like Pytorch or TensorFlow. But, with this fundaments  as practioners we could explore and modfiy our models with taylor made solutions for our specified problems
Great overview of ML and Deep Networks. Andrew is a great teacher and very sensitive about presenting the material in an understandable way. The hardest part, in my opinion, is keeping the notation straight. If you know matrix algebra and have a novice amount of coding experience then you'll be fine.
I find this course very useful and I am learning quite fast. I still feel like a freshman as a lot of python code in the program assignments is still taken care of by the course creators. Any good references for learning how to import own data sets, cleaning up data sets etc... would be very helpful!
This is the best coure to learn Neural network. Leave aside all the clutter - the ground up approach and simplicity gives you deep foundation. On top of that, this couse gives all necessary help with great detail that you not only know the theory of Neural network - but implement on your own as well.
The definitive introduction to machine learning with neural networks. A positive evolution of Andrew Ng's old Stanford course also available on Coursera. It's quite a positive experience to see an instructor take extreme diligence in refining their material to be as streamlined to absorb as possible.
This course was hard but I don't complain at all. Course materials was very well prepared and informative. I highly believe that this course will help me build advanced deep learning models in my Phd thesis.Also I am very thankful for giving me the opportunity to take this course with financial aid.
An amazing course for beginners who have just started learning the basics of deep learning. Course organization and assignments are well organized and documented properly. I couldn't help saying about the guidelines while doing assignments are extremely helpful. A highly recommended course to learn.
Excellent course for clear understanding of neural network and deep learning. Previously I knew use of neural network in MATLAB. But, I didn't knew it's implementation in Python. By doing this course I have gained the implementation of deep learning in Python. Thanks to all related with this course.
I've completed the first course of the specialization(deep learning.ai). Course videos are excellent. Assignments are quite easy, programming is based on implementing the mathematical formulas and choosing the proper matrix dimensions. But when it comes to programming, the course has to be improved.
Many Machine Learning guys know about various inbuilt libraries but they don't know the internal functioning of those libraries. Through this course one gets an insight of why people use in-built libraries for training a deep learning model. This course is best to actually learn what ANN really are.
Good course to learn the basic of neural networks and deep learning. However, I have one request for improvement. I want lecture material in PDF files. I don't want to check each video every time when i want to check the equation in the video. I want to check the summary non-video files such as PDF.
Overall great course, must see for beginners. Programming assignments seemed to be a little too easy (too detailed instructions made some parts trivial). You should definitely check Discussion Forums if you want to dig deeper into calculus presented throughout the course - some great articles there.
I highly recommend everybody who interested in AI learning this course at any time during his or her lifetime. Furthermore, I really appreciate deeping.ai and coursera gave me this precious opportunity to complete this course. It absolutely helps me a lot with fundamental expertise in deep learning.
The course is designed very well, step by step leads to N-layer neural network. The excise is very helpful, it is not to make difficult to students, rather make or encourage students learn a lot via step by step guide. After the course, I have great confidence to learn further deep learning courses.
I cannot thank deeplearning.ai enough for this coursework. I was hoping I'd get some exposure to Deep learning in Python and this specialization is exactly the thing I was looking for. I'm going to use the techniques learnt in this course and apply them in my internship, also in Kaggle competitions.
Excellent course. Well presented by Andrew Ng, who takes you through the materials at a relaxed pace.The course content is thorough and explains the concepts from a variety of angles, allowing you to understand even the more complicated mathematics.I enjoyed this course immensely, bring on module 2!
The course gave lots of insights into Neural networks and Deep learning. I suggest the learners to be patient till the end and go through all the lecturers. If you are not understanding at the first, if you read it once more you will be clear. Thanks Coursera for providing such an wonderful course.
Very clear explaination on basic concepts, the exercises are very useful for me to understand what I have learned in the course, after this, I am more eager to learn the next ones concerning hyper-parameter tuning and so on. Many thanks to the tutor and all the people who make this course possible.
This is course is really intuitive especially when Professor Andrew explains forward and backward propagations. All the videos and assignments are course related. It is really useful for me to understand Deep learning fundamental and how I can actually write my own DL model from scratch. Thank you!
Mr.  Andrew has a knack of making things simple.   When you hear to his videos,  it sounds so simple.    The exercises are well thought through,  very consistent with the variable names etc and very good mentor support.  I thoroughly enjoyed and happened to finish the course earlier than I thought.
Excellent course. Very detailed explanations of how neural networks work including most of the complex mathematics behind it. The topic is very complex but Professor Ng does a fantastic job in simplifying it as much as possible. I'm looking forward to the next courses of the specialization! Thanks!
It's good. But it is a little too much "given": You have to code a very few lines of code per assignment, so if you really want to learn, you better pay a lot of attention to the videos and go through the assignments over and over: if you think completing them once will set you up, you're mistaken.
Excellent introduction. I really  suggest the course's authors make another Specialization after this. One with more advanced topics such as GANs--but more importantly one that focuses on projects. Perhaps with detailed projects to learn from and then personal projects to cap the course. Cheers,  R
A really fantastic course by Andrew Ng sir yet again. This course almost contains no loopholes and I would recommend this course to anyone with beginner to intermediate knowledge of the field. Every concept is covred in detail with sufficient explanation. Overall one stop learning for DeepLearning!
For me this course ws very cool, I learned about python, mathematical algorithms like logistic regression, grads, fordward and backward propagation, whats deep learning and more things  very important for my career. Im Electronic Engineer and Im really greatful with Andrew and your team. Thank you
Good course to understand the basics of deep learning. You will get good knowledge on concepts like forward propagation, backward propagation,  L-Layer neural networks. recommendable course as a starter for deep learning starters. It may cause some confusion who don't have any idea about calculus.
Very nice introductory course to Neural Networks. Enough clear to be easy to understand by anyone with a little background in programming, but enough detailed to explain all concepts regarding Neural Networks. You will be able to implement your firsts Neural Networks from scratch with this course.
I am thrilled to join this course. I really appreciate Sir Andrew for all his hard work and way of teaching, which made these complex topics pretty easy to understand. Though I am from Mathematical background I am sure who all are not from a math background can also understand these logics easily.
Absolutely well structured tutorials, plus the assignments were also very good for gaining confidence. Enjoyed the course while learning several interesting new concepts. Can't wait to dig deeper into the world of Deep Learning. Kudos to Mr. Andrew Ng, and the team that contributed to this course!
Great Course ...Nicely put. Was able to breeze through it. Much much better than other Machine Learning Courses. Thanks Andrew Ng & Team for putting this through. Tip: Watch the videos at least twice before starting the programming exercises. You will absorb new material every time you watch them.
the class is easy to follow and practical by asking students to do hand-on coding assignment. Highly recommended. One suggestion is that, the interview videos are very long and contain many concepts that are not taught yet at the time, perhaps you can put the videos at the end of the whole course.
Very well balanced course. Good mix of video tutorials, multiple choice questions and hands on coding.Every time you code you can get instant feedback by running a test block and/or submitting the code to the automated grader which means you won't get stuck or go off on a coding tangent too often.
A very good course for computer programmers or beginners to dive into Deep Learning and Neural Networks. A background of machine learning helps. I'm an university post grad in comp sci and took a machine learning course there.  I learnt way more in this course then I did in my university's course.
I would highly recommend this course for those who don't know much about deep learning and want to step into this area. The course material are well organized and the assignments and projects really helped me with understanding the course video. I am ready to start the next course and dive deeper!
Very  easy to understand explanations of the essential components of neural networks and deep learning.  The quizzes were a good way to check the material and solidify the concepts. The coding assignments were easy to follow and complete, though I hope they get more demanding in the later courses.
This course is awesome. For a non-expert this course portraits great intuition and brings you up to speed and understanding. You need to put effort into it because is hard (the algebra part in my case) but it is highly rewarding! The rejoice of understanding the beauty of the algorithm is awesome.
I write a neural networks by numpy , it do helps to my understanding of deep learning .Instead of using caffe,mxnet,tensorflow , I create it by my forward propagation & backward propagation .In my way to imply a  backward propagation, I understand a full neural network that I never know.thanks ng.
Very good introduction course to neural networks. I really enjoyed building my own ANN from scratch with help from the prepared templates and see my code run for the first time. Andrew's teaching skills are impressive and this course's quality is even higher than for "Machine Learning". Thumbs up.
Very well done course, it will take you to deep learning from begining, you don't need to know anything before you start.After the course you are able to code your own neural network and learn it to recognise cats on the photos, or estimate any data based on inputs, like houshold prices and so on,
This course was hard for me as a seventy year old, but it was very well presented.  I also appreciated the discussion forum, expecially Paul Mielke's comments and help when I got stuck on an assignment.  I recommend this course to anyone that wants to understand neural networks and deep learning.
very good, although implementing algorithms from scratch seems a bit tedious to me, since there are now libraries like tensorflow, or scikit learn that implement complete neural network architectures, of course, I suppose that the goal of this course is to teach the principle of neural networks .
I have taken Andrew Ng's first course in coursera last year. Love it this course also, Python and Neural Net right combination. Like his first course, in this course also, he really explains the basics you need need to know about deep learning , which helps to solve your own interesting problems.
However I think could had a lot of despondency. Some information have being repeated over and over. I do not think it is necessary bad in general, actually. It is ideal for a programmers with minimal math skills. I will keep progressing on this path keep taking the courses from this certification
Great introduction to Neural Networks. The course content has been thoughtfully divided into  lessons that build on each other and increase in difficulty slowly.  The assignments are a great addition to the video lessons and do a good job of reinforcing the concepts provided in the video lessons.
Great start to learn about Deep Neural Networks. Andrew's explanations and notes are really thorough and he makes sure to bring everyone on the same page by describing the background knowledge in great detail (e.g. derivatives, indexing). Looking forward to the next courses in the specialization.
I have seen this course for some times. It introduced me to the ocean of AI. It's really inspiring to find a other way to understand what is intelligence. We know nothing about human intelligence. It's a comfort to know what the computer analysis the world. Althogh we still don't know the detail.
I am grateful to have landed on this course. I love the way Andrew Ng conveys these ideas in an extremely simple manner while making sure that the knowledge has been correctly grasped by the course participant through effective quizzes and exercises. Looking forward to the next course. Thank you.
Nice course with very well thought-out and consistent notation. It provides a good update to the neural networks information provided in the Machine Learning course in both intuitive understanding and technological considerations. This is a great first course for the deep learning specialization.
I am very satisfied with this course. After having done another course on Udacity, which left a lot of gaps in my understanding of backpropagation, I liked how Andrew was able to break it down, both numerically and visually. Also, the projects, while it required less coding, was neatly documented
Amazing course designed to get you up and running with the very basics of DL. I came into this class brand new with very little ML experience (albeit some Python experience) and I have to say this was hands-down the best class (thanks to the best instructor) I've ever taken. Thank you, Coursera!
Excellent course. Professor Ng explains all the concepts very clearly. I very much appreciate his sharing of tips to avoid mistakes and why some activation functions are better than others. I enjoy the interviews of AI Heroes a lot too, and gave a few insights. Glad I decided to take the course.
Professor Andrew Ng, indeed is a great teacher. He teaches in-depth of the course with comprehensive illustrations and examples. I really enjoy his teaching pattern. I'm really excited and motivated by this teacher. Coursera is one of the best place to actually learn. Thanks Professor Andrew Ng.
The contents were nearly same as those in Andrew Ng's Machine Learning Neural Networks part. But some things were new and also brushed up the part I learnt from Machine Learning Course.Rest, as always, Andrew Ng Sir's course contents are always enchanting! Cheers for such a great specialization!
It's an awesome course.I have learned a lot in one course about neural network.Andrew NG has beautifully explained about deep neural network from basic.Assignments are also pretty good and it will clear your concept how to use neural network.I am looking forward to other course of Deep learning.
It is really a great course.This helps me to understand the basic and intermediate skills about deep learning like forward and backward propagation and the best thing i have learnt from here is the calculation part of backward propagation..Thanks you so much for a good and effective explanation.
Excellent first introduction to deep learning. Professor Ng is explains things in an easy to understand manner. The course skips on some of the mathematical parts but that is okay since this is meant for beginners. The programming assignments are relatively easy but quizzes require some thought.
As expected, this Andrew Ng course is AWESOME! Just the right level to get the feet wet whilst leaving you wanting more. At the end of this course you have all the tools you need to go implement Neural Networks for yourself. Thanks Andrew - I cant wait to start the next course in the specialism!
The course structure is impressive, though it is mainly all the math that is behind the learning algorithms the implementation technique of the course is just impeccable. Loved the course, it encouraged me to keep at it when I was stuck. Andrew Ng Sir is a hero without a cape. Thanks a million.
Very well explained by Andrew, I have taken many courses regarding Deep Learning basics but all those teaches black box way suing some library function. What amazed me was that how Andrew turned Logistic Regression into an L-layed neural net and we were able to get good results with it as well.
The most exciting part of this course is that you can learn a lot by doing programming homework. It guides you step by step and indirectly help you to find the reasons behind all the materials in course. It's just like a puzzle that you see the whole picture after gathering all pieces together.
Very interesting ! We learn how to implement deep neural network with python and numpy ! Also we learn lot of things which help to understand why the mathematical choice (for example why tanh activation function is better than sigmoid). And the last but not the least, the pedagogy is very good.
Andrew makes learning this material very accessible and easy to get into. The programming assignments are also very well put together and let you spend more time focusing on the material you're meant to be learning and less time worrying about setting up your machine or writing boilerplate code
While I am not new to Neural Network, this course gave me an in-depth understanding of the step-by-step process involved in building a deep neural network using basic Numpy functions and Vectorization. I recommend it for anyone that is interested in understanding the nucleus of Neural Network.
Truly an amazing course, if someone wishes to understand the very basics of how Neural Networks work, it is a perfect course to be enrolled in, every tiny detail is covered and taught, not only that but the assignments are worth the effort, I enjoyed the assignments most throughout this course
I am an "old timer" with about three decades of programming with 'C' ( mostly Unix and Linux kernel level code )I didn't know Python at all. However, this introductory course to NN and DL changed my opinion of Python. Its amazing to be able to do so much with so little coding. I am a convert !
The content, examples, assignments, and quizzes are thoroughly developed. All the courses of the specialization share the same notation and lead a student from basic concepts to complex ones helping to develop an intuition on each step. The best course on topic of Deep Learning one could find.
It's a very good course both conceptually and practically.A lot of doubts were cleared ,especially rank 1 array in python ,broadcasting in python ,vectorization .Also forward and backward propogation how it's happening I understood it to a lot of extent.Very nice course and beautifully taught.
The teacher is amazing and the course is very well taught. The assignments are very thoughtfully prepared. I had to visit the videos many a times in order to complete the assignments. Overall its an excellent course and I feel very confident about understanding and using ML with Deep Learning.
Thanks to Andrew Ng's amazing teaching. He is an inspirational teacher and a person. What i most like about the course that it dealt with the math very well. So everyone out there who seeks a course in Deep Learning that deals with the math and that to very well this is one of the BEST course.
Great for clearly explaining the underlying workings of things without going deep in to the algebra. I did this after the Coursera/Stanford ML course and - I think, as a result - found it pretty straightforward. Working in Jupyter Notebooks rather than in Matlab/Octave is _much_ nicer! Thanks!
This is the best introductory course to neural networks I have seen so far; the scope covers all the fundamentals, the depth of the math is very balanced and the communication style is clear.I would have liked a little less hand holding in the exercises (but that may be a personal preference).
Big thanks and appreciation to Sir Andrew Ng. After completing this first part, made me feel comfortable to proceed to the next part. I really like the way the course conducted. Systematically from a simple example to a much more advanced example (also when it comes t programming assignment).
It is a very good introductory course. Andrew Ng (the instructor) explains it in a comprehensive and enjoyable way. Even if it is a theoretical course, based on how the Neural Networks works (not just throwing lines of code like a black box), it has a good balance between theory and practice.
Excellent Course. Amazing Instructor. The interviews with Deep Learning Heroes at the end of each module is a great addition, an amazing treat after getting through the math and programming aspects of each topic. Thoughtful and carefully structures content and assignments. Superb Instructors.
This course is outstanding. It has helped me in understanding Neural Networks as a beginner. The exercises are also good, they proved to be quite helpful in understanding the basics of neural networks and implementing them. If the instructor is Andrew Ng you can't have anything below perfect.
Fantastic course with fantastic explanations and examples. Even though this is a very complicated topic, Prof. Ng manages to explain it systematically and clearly. Personally I find that there is just a bit too much hand-holding in the programming assignments, but overall the course is great!
This is a fantastic course which helps us learn/revise the basics of a neural network model. We also get a hands-on experience of using python for modelling ML algorithms. Vectorization, derivative based optimization and other basic mathematics  related to deep learning are covered very well.
Thank you again for the great learning experience!  The course is well organized, the teacher taught very well, the quizzes matched well with the content for the week, and the programming assignments had very clear guidance.  I thoroughly enjoyed it.  Thank you very much and have a great day!
Excellent course, guiding you from the very fundamental math basics to master neural networks all the way to having a multilayer neural network. Also shows the performance of your systems on real imagery (including your own), which gives a sense of how your network might perform in real life.
This course taught you very fundamental knowledge about neural network. You should be able to create a neural network with any depth, calculate forward and back propagation to train it for a regression or classification task. The programming assignment will help you build very clean code too.
Course is really good. Prof. Andrew Ng's teaching style, as always, makes this (very confusing and math heavy) subject very intuitive and easy to understand. I am glad I took this course.Looking forward to see more advanced, rigorous courses on ML, DL and Computer Vision from Prof. Andrew Ng.
Theory very nicely explained in the videos. Fun to complete!I would like the programming assignments to be done locally on the student's computer instead of jupiter notebooks. I think this would help have a better global picture of what is going on especially in the deep neural network cases.
Awesome video materials, jupyter notebooks, quizzes and interviews with big names of the field. Also the way of the content is presented is very well explained and give many opportunities to the learner to investigate further and try to implement it's own algorithm by hand. I enjoyed so much.
Professor Andrew Ng is very good with his explanations and elaboration on intuitions. Course assignments were really rich with clear instructions. They give lot of confidence in terms of applying Neural networks to basic problems. Loved choice of working with python notebooks for assignments.
Andrew Ng masterfully teaches a complex subject so that it is simple to learn. His curriculum includes modern methods that work well and avoids topics of less present day relevance. The time required and the value of the material make this course an excellent choice for the corporate learner.
Andrew is reallly good at explaining complex things in a very simple manner. I like that pace at which he goes, the clear, soft & crisp voice makes the learning quite intersesting. The interviews with the experts are a bonus. In short, for beginners in NN, this is the best course to go with.
I love the way Andrew teaches. He breaks hard concepts in a way that is really nice to digest. I did not feel fed up with the math like in usual deep learning classes. The math notation he chooses is the best.  I wish I had this class in my grad studies...Thanks to coursera I could learn it.
Very impressive course that takes a beginner from the basics to an advance level. Takes the learner to a point where you not only know the background knowledge but also being able build a real world program .Moreover i really appreciate the "Coursera financial aid program" that helped a lot.
As an old retired  engineer I did it on a small notebook during vacation and still had fun learning python and the main ideas of deep learning. It reminds me somehow on the old principles of identification in control theory.But I am wondering that my own picture of a cat, was not recognized.
As always prof. Andrew never disappoints.Great course for learning forward and backward propagation and building a neural network from scratch.Also the code is in python and you get to learn how write code efficiently and using functions better.Thanks a lot prof. Andrew and Team coursera. :)
It is an excellent introduction to he field of Deep Learning. The videos have tremendous information and I love the fact that they are heavy on math. The math has helped me understand a lot of the things happening in the background. I have enjoyed the course and look forward to the next one.
I thoroughly enjoyed taking up this course. This introduction to Neural networks is much more clearer and bottom-up than the one I saw with Machine Learning by Andrew. I hope I get to apply these cool concepts in the near future, as I build my data products for the greater good of the world.
Well-organized and clearly-presented material. There was an issue with errors in a bit of the starter code for the final programming exercise...but this actually provides more "real-world" experience. In general, highly recommended, particularly as a follow-up to the Machine Learning course.
Very good introduction to neural networks and deep neural networks.  The assignments are very god standard. You need to spend time and patience to finish programming exercise. It will definitely sharpen your understanding and implementation skills. Million thanks to Andrew Ng for the course.
Amazing course. Great way get into the details of deep learning. Andrew Ng has amazing educational talents and can get you excited about deep learning. You will get to know not only the theory and practice in Python but you can also learn about peole who created deep learning as it is today.
Good introduction to neural networks for binary classification.  Provides an intuitive grounding in the math involved and the techniques needed for a basic implementation.  Proficient programmers with a grounding in linear algebra and calculus will find it straightforward and easy to follow.
Thanks Andrew Ng and Coursera for producing such an insightful material on neural networks basics and backpropagation. I was delighted to go through each video. As always, the style of delivery of Prof. Andrew is so lucid and crisp. Hats off! You made backpropagation so intuitive and simple.
Excellent course. I finally understand all the crazy math's behind Deep Learning. The programming assignments were really well done. My advice to anyone taking this course is to make sure your outputs are correct before proceeding to the next code cell. This will save you a ton of headaches.
This course gave me such a deep level of understanding of the theory and concepts behind deep learning, along with the tips and tricks of applying those concepts.  The math was fun and hard.  The videos were easy to follow.  The assignments made you think and learn.  The quizzes were tough.
Excellent course for beginners for deep learning and neural networks. Anyone can understand this course without having a deeper knowledge on calculus or algebra. It's better to have additional programming exercises without the guiding statements to get much better experience on programming.
Great bottom-up explanation. I've not seen it in such a thoroughly thought-through way. It really satisfied every requirement I had for such a course.Programming excercises have been a little too easy. It was mostly copy and paste. A tiny bit more demanding would have been better in my eyes
Great stuff. I have been doing work in Deep Learning for a couple years, but I usually do not come across many that really drill the importance of dimensionality checking. Also, backprop was done well. Pretty mathy, but not too mathy! I like the focus on caching too. Thanks Andrew and pals.
This is a world-class course by a world-class guru. Anybody who is seeking to get a knowledge of Deep Learning and/or Neural Networks then you just can;t skip this course. It gives a perspective of the problem which I don't think you can discover on your own or from any place else but this.
A good understanding of deep learning and how to build a deep neural net. The videos were clear though sometimes the superscripts/subscripts were hard to decipher. The programming assignments were very helpful. I hope that I can access and download them now that I have completed the course.
This is a high quality course which mainly focused on how to build Neural Networks and apply forward propagation and backward propagation to minimize the cost function and achieve the best prediction result, the assignment is very helpful and nice. I personally highly recommend this course.
andrew ng thank you for this course and for your effort in this course, this course is very helpful and very important for beginners. i will complete this deep learning specialization ,as i think it will give me much knowledge about machine learning , deep neural network  and deep learning
This is probably the best course I've taken so far on Deep Learning and Neural Networks. The explanations were all very clear and understandable, making the process of learning very intuitive. Thank you, Andrew Ng and the other instructors for delivering such a valuable course on Coursera!
This course was a very lightweight, very understandable introduction to machine learning. Going from Logistic regression to L-Layer NN was really not as hard as I would have expected. Practical exercises have provided hands-on example on how to program and apply machine learning. Loved it!
Is the 2nd course I take from Dr. Andrew Ng, since I like a lot the way he explains the concepts, personally the optional videos were the ones that I enjoyed the most, the intuition of back propagation formulas and the videos with the heroes of machine learning was very pleasant to watch..
Very elaborate. It will be little difficult to someone who is new to ML but Andrew Ng has given his best to explain the toughest of concept very lucidly. I recommend basic prior knowledge of calculus is must even though Andrew Ng has mentioned not to worry to those who don't know calculus.
The course introduces the fundamental and  basic idea of deep learning, including the naive knowledge, the mathematical equations, pros and cons, etc. I really learn a lot from this course, and of course I will enroll the next course. Can't wait to explore more secrets about deep learning.
This is an awesome course to start with learning concepts of Neural Networks and Deep Learning. This course provides detailed as well as little details which may add values to our learning.I would definitely recommend everyone who is interested in deep learning should opt for this course.
Liked the way of teaching.The exercise notebooks helped a lot to gain experience in python implementation.Vectorized way of implementing algorithms is wonderful and also functions for each step will teach how to achieve modularization of code for future usages.Highly satisfied. Thank You.
It was a beautiful venture learning the different aspects of Deep Learning. I need to brush up my Python skills and improve them a lot! Andrew is an amazing teacher and my experience with him was tremendously enthusiastic! Looking forward to the upcoming courses of Deep Learning, eagerly!
Professor Ng makes the subject matter incredibly accessible for anyone interested in pursuing  a greater understanding of neural networks. The programming assignments are robust and help you get a grasp of the data structures and algorithms that underpin neural networks and deep learning.
A course that is very well structured and Prof Andrew NG goes into the right level of depth to explain the concepts exceptionally well.The programming exercises are also very well structured and provide a lot of confidence to the learner about the ability to implement the concepts learnt.
I was already somewhat familiar with neural networks, but the lectures made things really click. I found the course to realistically fit alongside a full-time job. While the homework was fairly easy (nearly all code except key lines was provided), I appreciate that they weren't stressful.
Very good translation into Python environment of the previous Coursera course made upon Octave. Class is very intuitive and Andrew a perfect teacher. The grader has some problem... as usual. But nothing critical and the benefits of this course are huge. Thanks Coursera and DeepLearning.ai
Best Course i have ever taken on deep learning and it gave me a lot of knowledge about neural networks also i learned a lot about python broadcasting and numpy library and how it's very important to well preprocess the data before building the model the coding techniques were also amazing
As usual, Professor Ng makes a complicated subject so easy and he explains the concept very well. I like the quizzes and the programming assignment which reinforce your understanding and tests the aspect of the subject which are quite critical. I like the section "Heroes Of Deep Learning"
Professor Andrew Ng has been absolutely a delight...!! The course was well structured and it provided seamless transition from the famed Intro to ML course by Stanford University. Kudos to the Deep Learning AI team. Hope one day I will get to interact with him in-person.- Rohan Kr. Gupta
Challenging but rewarding. Tested my math skills but explained the fundamentals of Deep Learning really well and gave me a better appreciation of how Neural networks work. The notebooks were especially helpful in applying those concepts to real-world problems and seeing tangible results.
this course was really helpful for me, as a mechanical engineer with limited knowledge of programming- This course start from very basic level and explains each and every little concept in details, I highly recommend anyone you want to start with deep learning should opt for this course.
One of the best courses for the basics of machine learning on the internet. You don't feel that you are missing in any detail after doing this course. Some Basic understanding is a must before starting this course.  Thank you Andrew Ng Sir for giving us the opportunity to learn  from you
A very detailed tutorial on how to build a NN from scratch and how it works. As a practical-minded person, this information is important to understand, and therefore tune, hyperparameters, and network architecture, which are the ones that eventually determine the success of a neural net.
The course is clear and explains in detail the logic behind the mathematical calculations. It provided a solid knowledge of shallow and deep neural networks. I am not a programmer, so the programming assignments are a little challenging, but it is possible to cope with it through forums.
I highly recommend this course, especially, for those who is already familiar with python and calculus. Otherwise, some issues could not be totally clear, but, nevertheless, it's hardly possible to create a course of DL for complete novices in programming and linear algebra. Thank you :)
One of the best courses that teaches you the inside mechanisms of the deep learning. Just right amount of details that one should know before using newer tools like Tensorflow or Keras (which will virtually abolish the need to think of all these smaller parts that go behind the curtain!)
This is an amazing course and i got to learn a lot about deep learning. The pointers I received about vectorization and building helper function and then merging them all into one big function not only helps my understanding in deep learning, but also in any software development project.
The course is really good,  Instructor explains the neural networks from a code implementation point of view.  Assignments give boost to the lectures.  I would recommend any one who wants to enter into deep learning field to take up this course (Even though you know all the algorithms) .
An excellent course. Explains the concepts very well and walks you through a step-by-step impementation excercise.  Even though I have no prior programming experience to speak of, I could navigate through the course. The excecises are well documented and provide a good learning platform.
It was a great experience to dive into the world of neural networks. I learn the basics of deep learning, understand how does it work with this course. But the most important of my gains is practicing the skill of deep learning in a live environment. Thanks to who contribute this course.
Most Courses online only provide a very code intensive approach (HOW) to deep learning problems rather than covering much of intuition or mathematical rigor (the WHAT and WHY). This course is comprehensive and a fantastic resource for someone who is starting their Deep Learning Journey.
An amazing place to start learning neural networks and deep learning. The exercises and tests were really helpful which built my logic and the notations-although bit confusing in start-make perfect sense now. Pleased to say this confidently that I learned in-depth about neural networks.
This in an exceptional course! The instructor explained complicated concepts clearly and concisely. The programming assignments were very well done as well. The instructions were clear and the format was simple. This is a great course for anyone trying to get started with deep learning.
Probably the best course!!! The videos are to the point.....Few guest interviews keep us inspiring. Excellent coding assessments and Quizzes. The concepts are actually deeper. I watched each video at least 2-3 times to get decent hold on the concepts. I am now very big fan of Andrew NG.
The lectures can be a little dry, but that's hard to avoid when talking about the nuts and bolts of such ab abstract topic, and I appreciate the emphasis on the fundamentals. Sure, I'd love to start swinging Keras around and building cools, but the slow and steady approach will pay off!
Perfect For Beginning and all the resources provided by Dr. Andrew our are great itself.. The best Part are the assignment and one should not just skip them to binge watch the complete course.. Those graded assignments are the heart and soul of the course ( Ofcourse after Dr. Andrew NG)
This course provides a good understanding of the fundamentals of deep learning. Also, it helps understands some differences between machine learning and deep learning. Additionally, math described in these lectures looks really useful to provide a good understanding of the fundamentals
Great tutorial by Dr. Andrew Ng. Well structured videos with right examples to understand the concept. I was able to understand the real working of the Deep NN through this course. Good blend of theory and practice. The quizzes and assignments help to reinforce the learning. Excellent.
This course is perfect for Deep NN introduction. Rigorous derivation of forward and backward propagation in a L-layer Neural Network. Excellent lectures and rigorous. I recommend for any engineering student and professional. Thank you Andrew and teaching team for this excellent course.
The Teacher Mr. Andrew Ng is by far one of the best teachers I have ever had. He explains this complex subject in such a clear way, hat anyone with some mathematical / programming / engineer background can understand. I wish I had more such teachers during my studies at the university.
Excellent course to get an insight into neural networks and deep learning and to understand the maths behind the topic. It may be a little overkill for the pure practical implementation, even if the practical realisation might be difficult without this previous knowledge. Great course!
As a student that completed the machine learning course a while back I expected nothing less. good insight, very good material. The only thing I'd change is that I'd put the machine learning heroes stories towards the end of the course, but you can always go back to look at them again.
What puts this training above the other ML courses is that Andrew explains step by step the mathematical foundation of Machine Learning.Once you understand ad practice on implementing manually a full - tiny- Neural Network you are ready to take any challenge! ,  Fantastic, an A+ indeed
The course was great..But i feel the programming exercise using Jupiter was not comfortable. I previously took the machine learning course and personally feel octave was great to learn and practice on, Jupiter notebook often fails to save checkpoint and kernel goes offline quiet often.
Really liked the calm style of Andrew! I think the kind of math presented in the videos is (surprisingly) easy. That said, for my personal taste the computation and vectorization steps felt extremely repetitive. On the other hand, I am a chemist by background and had previous exposure.
The course was a very good introduction to the practical mechanics of Neural Networks both shallow and deep. It provides information to the student that can be used immediately in real world problems while providing the background to understand more advanced topics in machine learning.
The course content is well designed and quite interesting. The homework is very handy to kick off as a nearly-done template has been provided and all you need is to add few lines of code. I think you can really learn useful knowledge as long as you follow the pace. Thanks a lot Andrew!
Super course which is highly recommended. The first part is fairly basic but it gives the student the time to catch up and get some important hands on exercises. Andrew Ng is one of my favorite teachers and it is a real pleasure to follow his instructions even if it is known territory.
I loved the quizzes. Even you can submit it many times, I think even in this way you can learn things. Programming assignments are very good for two reasons. First because the difficulty arises gradually and second because you can check your code to other inputs with uploading images.
The first course in the Deep Learning Specialization offers the fundamental knowledge on how the neural networks works. The course covers overall learning of the topics. The theory explained by Andrew is crisp and the exercises at the end of each week help to implement these concepts.
great course! I literally enjoy this specialization, I am learning so much and the notebook with the problem exercises are built in a great way so to be able to remember and review things, plus you can download them and use them as a reference in future.I can just say thanks and hugs!
This course is delicious. It takes you step by step through the implementation of a multiple layer deep neural network. The lectures are instructive and the coding exercises are straightforward. It's quite satisfying to build a deep neural network and apply it to image classification!
Lot of ground to cover since I was starting from scratch with little background on this topic.  But concepts were explained clearly in a non-intimidating fashion which was encouraging to continue learning (pun intended!).  Looking forward to the next 3 courses in this specialization!!
An amazing high-quality course that requires a lot of extra reading. Luckily, I had some background in this field and studied beforehand, which makes the whole learning easier. I wouldn't say this is completely for beginners, but it is worth the efforts, once you have some knowledge.
Really a great course for people with all kinds of skill levels. I had a few missing links in my understanding of neural networks so I decided to take this course and completed it in a short time. Now, I have a better understanding of neural networks and more strengthened intuitions.
Quite interesting topic... besides that I will like to have away to complete exercises. Because in some cases I got the minimal score required, but for the missing exercises  I was unable to complete having the solution I will be able to finish my understanding of the exercise.Thanks
The way Andrew Ng has taught this course purely shows that he's the guru of Machine Learning. His plain and simple explanation that the brain and deep learning are different shows me his true ambitions and desire. Awesome way of explaining the formulas, i have completely memorised it
A well paced introduction to neural networks. It doesn't shy away from technical details which really lets you understand what is going on, and why Neural Networks to what they do. The programming exercises guide you through tricky problems to give you a real sense of accomplishment.
This course forced me to pay attention and absorb the concepts.  But it was easy in the right ways to get me to a meaningful result without the tedium of programming syntax headaches.  I feel like I have the tools to begin to tinker with designing a neural net for visual recognition.
It's a great experience overall. In this course i have learnt the systematic way to develop neural networks from scratch using python. The math behind the neural networks was clearly explained. It's awesome that i can develop L-layered neural networks from scratch now on. Hurray!! :)
This is a well-structured course which gives us a brief and effective explanation of the Neural Networks and Deep Learning. The lectures are short and user-friendly. The course exercises are quite simple. Please pay attention to the explanations given by Andrew in the video lectures.
A great entrance to the world of deep learning. I did not learn anything about deep learning or python programming, but Andrew makes everything so clear and the assignments, from my perspective, are designed to keep us focused on the core ideas. This course satisfied my expectations.
Concretely, Andrew keeps his genius way of teaching (although he didn't say concretely that often now). The usage of jupyter notebook also makes learning more practical. I will keep following Andrew and I hope his idea that the AI is the electricity of the new world will become true!
Excellent course, in which the major concepts of  neural networks and deep learning are broken down in a subset of concepts easy to understand. The course offers an agile way to learn and practice with the taught topics. The best coursera course so far, and it is only the first one..
There are a plethora of courses, blogs, articles on internet on Neural Networks and Deep Learning in general but nothing can make their understanding as intuitive and simple as done by Prof. Andrew Ng and his team at Coursera. No wonder why this course is hugely popular on internet.
wonderful, amazingPr. Andrew Ng is very clear and make the abstract concepts simpleThanks also to the mentors which feedbacks are very usefulMoreover quizz and programs are accurate They focus on the methodology and the comprehension of the big picture or some very important details
This is a really good introduction to machine learning without being too deep on the maths. After learning this course, the math notations and symbols in the book Deep Learning from Ian Goodfellow, Yoshua Bengio, and Aaron Courville start to make a lot of sense! Thank you Andrew Ng.
this course gives a good insight in deep neural networks. a very specific thing that I liked about the course is the "cache" - if you've taken it you'll know why else take the course (personal recommendation) & know about it - you will not only learn to code but also to code NEATLY!
The course is great and interesting. The video lectures are easy to grasp hard concepts and have great quality. The programming exercises are also great but a little too easy with the hints provided. Only suggestion I have is to include a more in detail video of logistic regression.
Always wonder how deep/ neural networks works, this course has built the intuition for neural networks and solving programming assignments helped to build a strong foundation for advanced deep neural networks. Looking forward to learning more about the deep learning models this way.
Very exciting, sir Andrew ng went through the calculus which was a bit difficult for me, but where he had  a separate video (for specific topics) about a intuitive approach about a topic made a lot of concepts clear. Thank you coursera and my college for hosting and sponsoring this.
I started doing this course because I started doing Machine Learning course taken by Sir Andrew Ng and as good as it was but still I wasn't completely satisfied with the topic neural networks as it sounded very interesting and once after doing this course it gave me a great insight.
As a data scientist who has used neural networks before (with abstracted packages like tensorflow), this was a wonderful introduction to the math behind the back propagation algorithm and the intuition I need to better use neural networks in practice. Can't wait for the next course!
Thanks a lot, sir, you were amazing I love your teaching way, all the topics were explained in details I never felt that I was learning I was just like a movie, and enjoyed very much during the whole course, the course slides was much detailed and you explained well. Thank you, sir.
The best course ever. I am highly impressed with the way Andrew Sir teaches and the depth of the topic, that he explains. You will never be left with a question unanswered. I am grateful to you sir, it made my life. Looking forward to complete the rest of the specialization courses.
The course materials are very well organized. It helps the new person in ML can easily keep track of the main concept. These exercises have the very good hints, the students without a good coding background about python or numpy still can finish the exercise with full understanding.
An excellent introduction to neural networks and deep learning that is taught comprehensively - a course that covers a lot of material, enables you to reinforce your learning with practical hands-on coding projects and offers points and challenges for further reading and engagement.
It is really easy to understand the concepts given in the videos, since it does not require heavy mathematical fundamental. However, the materials does not explain a lot of deeper reasons of some concepts, like the math, because it would be too much to dig to reveal all the details.
Repeatedly explained basic concept in depth!!  with super helpful programming assignments, It is heavily hand-held, but it is necessary for beginner to understand and get the concept right.  The only course that really makes me feel that i understand how NN work from the ground up!!
Andrew Ng does it again. His course is very interactive and captivating. I have taken other courses where the professors just show slides and assumes that the student will go and research all that is being said in the slides. But, Andrew is really good in teaching the core concepts.
Excellent overview of the foundations of deep neural nets, clear explanations and fantastic intuitions. The only issue is that I feel that the programming assignments hold your hand a bit too much, but they do so in a way that makes it explicitly clear why the code you wrote works.
Great course. I came here after doing the Machine Learning course, so it felt a bit easy. Liked the fact that the assignments are in python and jupyter notebook. It would be great if the slides were provided as a bundle for each week, rather than separate download with every video.
The professor was amazing and his ability to clarify the concepts were superb. The programming assignments were really helpful and effective. The mathematics might feel intimidating at first but if you go through each equation slowly you'll understand the beauty of neural networks.
Excellent content delivery, specifically the algebra and calculus.More python functions may be included. But expecting in the second course.Heartfelt Thanks to Prof.Andrew Ng for such a nice course...All ML and DL enthusiast will be very happy to learn from the prof. in this course
The videos and the programming assignments are exceptional. Andrew has a very pleasant way of introducing concepts and presenting the material. The programming assignments are very well structured and organized, so that it will really help to practice and verify the course content.
Very well structured presentation of the basics of Neural Networks and Deep Learning. Excellent labs that illuminate the complexity of the subject.Inspiring optional videos about Heros of Deep Learning.I feel now confident about the foundations of Neural Networks and Deep Learning.
Great introduction and explanation of neural networks and the math behind deep learning. I especially appreciated the walk-through of using Jupyter Notebooks and Python development; I have extensive programming experience, but had no experience with Python until I took this course.
Very clear lectures that also try to provide some real work context. It's very nice to learn how something works and also how it could be used outside of the class.  The coding assignments are structured very clearly and understandably relative to other courses that I've completed.
Excellent course. Loved the fact that the professor goes into excruciating detail while trying to makes things sounds simple. I think the later week lectures did not have those pop-up questions which followed every lecture in week one. Such questions in every lecture would be nice.
Loved the course! This was exactly what I was looking for. I am not exactly a "beginner" to machine learning, but as a student who has still a long way to go, I can affirm that this course clarified a lot of doubts and helped me understand vectorization. Thank you, deeplearning.ai!
It's a good introductory course which explains all the basic concepts of deep neural networks. Might seem a little slow if you know the basics of DNNs already. But it was worth going through all the videos and the programming exercises to make sure I understood everything properly.
Very well prepared contents and excellent exercises. Additional thanks for interesting interviews with leading researchers in the AI.Some video content might benefit further from more intuitive explanations of the symbols used. Everything becomes clear during the exercises, though.
Very gentle introduction to basic neural network concepts with very insightful and well-guided programming examples. For those familiar with Machine Learning and Calculus this may be a too basic course, but the material is great for a very practical review of implementation details
I can't believe how nicely the things have been explained in this course. I had no background of Machine Learning, still I was able to grasp everything after little effort. The assignment directions are so helpful, they guide and explain everything till the end. Absolutely amazing
With all the resources given in this course, I finally managed to understand in a simple and easy way how Neural Networks and Deep Learning works behind. The fundamentals were fully understood. This is the beginning of a path that fascinates and surprises me. Thanks Coursera team!
The best course to follow up with the Machine Learning course by Andrew Ng. Andrew Ng showcases why he is so highly rated yet again as one of the best teachers in the world. He leaves no room for any ambiguity and prepares one with a thorough and deep understanding of the subject.
Excellent introduction to Neural Networks and Deep Neural Networks from first principles. This knowledge will be most useful as one can then understand how the system works on the insides, rather than just blindly copying and using DNN models without a clue as to how they operate.
Thank you Mr. Andrew It's the second course for me after Machine Learning course, and I learned a lot from it as expected.I'm so excited for the rest of specialization.I recommend a basic knowledge of linear algebra, calculus and an intro to supervised learning  before this course
Sir Andrew Ng did a marvelous job of teaching the neural networks & deep learning step by step with implementation.  The concepts were well taught and the assignments were really helpful to get a clear view of how neural networks actually work and how to create your custom models.
This course is very well organized, with detailed and clear explanation of difficult concepts throughout. The supporting material in the form of downloadable items is extremely helpful. Feedback to individual questions through the weekly forums is prompt and straight to the point.
This introductory course was fun and easy to get along.Professor Andrew and his crew put a great effort for this course. Clear voice and image. I completed the course in less than 4-weeks and watching the videos was a quite nice experience. I can't wait to start the second course.
The theory covered all concepts that one need to know about deep learning. The assignments were hands on. But there was a lot of guidance in the assignments. Had to write just a few lines of code. Could have been better if students were made to write the entire code by themselves.
Very well taught. Andrew's teaching style and focus on intuition makes this course so much more valuable than workshops and other courses I've sat in on. I highly recommend it to anyone wanting to better understand the intuitive theory behind deep learning. Thanks Andrew and team!
Very lucidly designed and explained! It's quite easy to understand the complex mathematical equations due to the simplicity of the course content, definitely there has been a lot of hard work gone behind the scenes by Andrew Ng and his team. Kudos to you and Keep up the good work!
Really enjoy the "improved" way to do the assignments (vs. to machine learning), and the flow of doing them in small parts. Videos, as normal are perfect! The only small item that could ask would be few high level videos about use of deep learning (e.g. valley company interviews).
Really complete course, also is really math heavy, I recommend complementing this with youtube videos (for example the videos that 3brown1blue made on the essence of algebra, and the ones about neural networks) and outside material, doing this really helped boost my understanding
I found it very useful. previously I was afraid of assignments, but assignments are understandable and easy to execute. learned a lot from debugging. whatever we learned from Andrew ng's video .practically we did it. Both videos and assignments are superb. 5 stars to this course.
Great course, Andrew NG sir is great, he teaches very good and makes us understand in simple terms so easily. One of the biggest successes of this course lies in correctly selecting the variable names and it remains consistent throughout the course. Just go for it, totally worth.
The contents that were included in the course was explained in great depth, Moreover all the functions are computed on python and no predefined library is used. Amazing experience, this course has increased my interest in deep learning. Clearly one of the best course on coursera.
The course is very well designed and features a lot of hands-on exercises with great instructions, which provide enough clues but don't make the exercises too easy. Great course for getting into Deep Learning and preventing the students from giving up too early into their journey
Clear and straightforward. I feel like I really have a solid understanding of the fundamentals. They assume you don't know calculus, which is probably nice for some, but I'm surprised they don't do the same for linear algebra. A simple review in one video would have been helpful.
The great starter course for everyone, if want to dive into deep learning, Andrew teaches you from basic, and absolutely give you an insight about deep learning using python without deep learning library. I like this course, because I learn fundamentals concepts of deep learning.
Teaching an very intuitive understanding of Neural Networks (which is not misleadingly using a brain neuron as a bases for understanding).Lots of repetition of the linear combinations and activation functions in Forward & Back propagation but that's probably good for remembering.
A very nice refresher for linear algebra and logistic regression all the way to multi-layer networks with a well organized chapter and exercises to help student focus on the subject with minimal distraction by infrastructure implementation. Also a good introduction to use python.
Course content stretched the mind, but in a good way.  the programming assignments were sufficiently guided that little/no knowledge of python was necessary to complete the course - though - I found out the hard way that errors in python took a while to fix.overall a great course
This course is fantastic. Beginning from the pictures, trying to show the structure of algorithm in a easy way, and then explain methods behind specified algorithm. Everything is explained in details, students withou good mathmatic background can understand all the things easily.
What really impresses me is not only learning, it is also being able to apply the knowledge we learn. Here i have this privilege, which represents a big step towards achieving my professional goals and creating positive impacts bu applying artificial intelligence. Thanks so much
Amazing course. Videos were instructional, applicable, and thorough. The programming assignments were well thought out and challenged ML knowledge appropriately. Finally, the implementation of this course was well designed. I feel I actually learn ML well in Andrew Ng's courses!
Great course! It provides in-depth knowledge of mechanisms behind neural networks such as gradient decent, forward and backward propagation with perfect balance between intuition and math proofs. It was my first course about Deep Learning and Neural Networks and it was worth it.
While I've read a deep learning book and some articles before taking this course, this course really helps make deep learning concepts feel very concrete. You probably want to know some python before taking the course, but you could likely pick up what you need to along the way.
It would be better if we could have some material, like a PDF file, as a summary so  that when we have some questions in assignments, we can loot it up. Right now I can only review the videos and it seems to be less efficient. Anyway great course and great teacher. Thanks a lot!
Great theory explanations and the notebooks are just excellent. They really bolster the concepts, and are very well-guided. There is a bit too much hand holding though, and some of the maths behind the derivations os backpropagation are omitted, which does cause some confusion.
One of the best course I have ever learnt for learning Deep Learning from Scratch. I highly recommend this course to all, who wants to learn Deep Learning. I really would like to finish all courses of the specialization. Thank you very much for offering such a wonderful course.
Exceptional and perfect to the core, this course is the perfect introduction to the field of Deep Learning. Well designed programming exercises and quizzes by the team and all of this is spearheaded by Professor Andrew Ng! Thank you sir for helping us learn something so easily!
Excellent course from Prof. Andrew Ng, providing detailed information on every topic in a clear and elaborate manner. The course material is too good and the practice exam approach using Jupyter is amazing, helped learn quicker. Thanks very much Coursera for such a nice course.
All concepts are explained with great simplicity. A little light on the math side, but Andrew Ng doesn't leave any stone unturned. Definitely helpful if you have basic knowledge of Python and Machine Learning. However, at times, the superscripts and subscripts do get confusing!
Great explanation of fundamentals with some good exercises. Side-effects include refreshers on linear algebra and tools like numpy. I like the clarity of this course, for example, the separation of the linear from non-linear parts of a neural network layer and why that matters.
Needed a grounding in deep learning and this course helped me with that. Well streamlined with all the necessary data/code to perform the coding exercises and have them graded fast. My comfort level to be able to apply this to solving real business needs have improved greatly!!
I really liked some of the intuitions provided by the instructor, especially the intuition behind the several layers in NN in context of images, and audios.There are quite a few typos and errors, and they need to be corrected, especially the ones in the programming assignments.
The course is really good. But the videos are grouped to one complete module followed by complete implementation which becomes  a zone out. After each lesson is complete we can also take up each  implementation(cells in the notebook). This could be good for better understanding
This Course provided me with an excellent base to venture into the world of Deep Learning. It helped me grasp critical concepts which would enable me to start working with Deep Learning on my own. Now i can safely move forward with the remaining courses in this specialization.
This course explains the basics under Deep Learning, it is not as other courses that goes directly into applications using it as a black box. It is part of a specialization on which you will also learn how to go to applications, but with the knowledge about what you are doing.
Helps you clearly understand the fundamentals of neural network and deep learning, Andrew NG is amazing at explaining complex topic in an easy to understand language and he also tells you tips and tricks to work more efficiently. Great starter course to get into deep learning.
Amazing course! I took machine learning course first (which is also amazing!) and then started this one. They are both good for beginners, some of their content overlaps, this one can be well stand-alone - don't worry about it if you have not taken the machine learning course.
Great introduction into Neural Networks and Deep Learning.  Andrew does a good job with explaining the concepts and the simple programming assignments reinforce the learning.  You won't come out a wizard in NN/DL, but it's a great start to continue to motivate future learning.
Excellent Course, the mathematical details provided in the course helps in understanding the working of Algorithms to the fullest. Although, it would be very helpful if some detailed textual content can be made available for each chapter to take the understanding even further.
It is a Comprehensive course on Deep learning and undoubtedly the best in courser, providing every detail on how to work and make your model, still I would recommend to follow Stanford Machine Learning Andrew Ng course once to lay a rock solid concept before starting off here.
I have learned  a lot from Andrew Ng in this course and the teaching and exercises' style is consistent with that of the Machine Learning taught by Andrew Ng. Generally speaking, the python programming style is very pretty and I will follow this style to program in the future.
I have been in touch with machine learning and computer vision since my MsC degree on a ivy-league faculty.I think this is a very nice and smooth way to learn, even after a 9-to-19h full-time work day. So, thank you very much for making this course so well prepared, so smooth.
Thank you Andrew Ng, you are my best teacher who I have seen. The programmer exercise part are designed so wonderful and I have a deep understanding to Neural Networks and Deep Learning with it. I am going to finish the rest courses and finally I want to say, "I love Coursera"
Professor Andrew makes the difficult subject easy to grasp. Simultaneous implementation of the  techniques taught allows for better clarity of concepts. Also, the segment where heroes of Deep Learning share their journey and ideas is inspirational. A very well designed course.
Thoroughly enjoyed taking this course! Professor Ng is one of the best teachers I have encountered. The videos lectures are an easy watch. Assignments are designed to really solidify the concepts. A little bit of calculus knowledge will definitely help but not really required.
The best course to follow up after ML from Deeplearning.ai. Dive-in deep to understand how back-propagation, hidden -layers and the activation functions are developed and used. Design and develop multi-layered Neural networks with greater understanding. Thoroughly enjoyed it.
I have to say this is the Best Course u can get if you want to Enter the World of Deep learning with to the point Explanation of the relevant topics and the hands on Exercise Bridges the gap between the  Theoretical and Practical  approach of this domain. cheers to Knowledge.
Excellent course!!! I really enjoyed the pace of the course, and how clear were the explanations regarding the mathematics behind neural networks. I loved that it was not another 'overview' course on AI, it explains the real algorithms behind neural networks. Congratulations.
Hi, my name is Mayarin, I am a mathematician and I am very happy to have finished the course. The classes seemed great to me, I really liked how they started with a simple neural network and then added more layers, the last week was my favorite. Eager to start the next course
Excellent step by step explanation of deep learning. I liked how the course started with logistic regression and then progressed to deep neural network by building from fundamental principles.  Deeply satisfied as I was able to build a multi layer neural network from scratch!
excellent course that guide you through aquiring a solid understanding of the principles and the practices needed to build neural networks. Also doing a Masters at a well known university and couldn't have got through the course without this. An absolutely fantastic resource.
Best course for deep learning from scratch if you're an engineering/science student. Loved the hands on experience with jupyter notebooks! :) If you've completed the Intro to ML course by Andrew NG then this would be much easier for you but even without that its a fun course!
Such a great introduction to Deep Learning. Clear, very well explained and most importantly it does shun away from practice. The exercices can be a bit spoon-fed, but this would greatly benefit  those with no prior experience and "just want to check". 10/10 would recommend :)
Thank you for such a wonderful course that is well set up. The assignments were truly helpful in putting the pieces of the puzzle together. I am keen to learn more about Deep Learning and dive into the AI algorithms to help build stronger societies. That is all thanks to you!
Professor Ng does a great job explaining the concepts behind Deep Neural Networks! Although deeper  knowledge of Linear Algebra and multivariable Calculus is always handy, it is far from necessary for completing this course and successfully building your first neural network.
Andrew Ng is an awesome instructor.  Assignments are equipped to transfer knowledge efficiently while keeping the material interesting.  NN training through backpropagation was explained with more lucidity than I have ever seen.  One can quickly apply the skills learned here.
Sir, I'm having no words to express how my knowledge from zero you enhance high. Earlier I have tried to learn these stuffs from books but its bit trouble for me. But after you taught me I just goes to those book and now all those stuffs are been easy for me.Thanks Andrew Ng
Very Difficult Mathematical Computations have been explained very well which makes them easy to understand even for a person without a huge math background. Makes me want to explore more of deep learning and take it up as a profession. Excellent Teaching and  a great course!
Excellent course! The materials have been prepared with a lot (a lot!) of effort. Very high quality course content. This course will start from the very basics to building a L-layer neural net. I finally understood how and why the neural nets are structured the way they are.
Congratulations to Doctor Andrew Ng and his colleagues for this course that is well-designed and is an excellent induction to Deep Learning. The exemples give a good idea of the power of DL for just a few hours of programming. The course really motivates me to learn further.
I am greatly thankful for this course, It led me into the foundation of deep learning, It is so charming! Thanks for the Coursera platform and every teachers who contributed your effort to the course, I'd like to give all of you my highest respect and wish you alll the best.
The way andrew explains everything  makes it so easy for anyone to grasp whats happening and the programming assignments are also structured brilliantly so that you have to spend time only on implementing the required stuff and after that you can easily figure out the rest .
It was an excellent course, before joining this course I wanted to understand everything about neural networks how the weights are assigned and calculated, how forward propagation and backward propagation works, after joining this course I got a clear idea.Thanks to mentors!
Good course, similar to the first few chapters of the other course Andrew Ng teaches. Good basics, though won't be unfamiliar to those who have already done the other course. Though there are several differences in terms of notation and variables, but nothing to worry about!
I have been working on deep learning project since past one year without fully understanding the foundation. This course and other specializations cleared most of my doubts. Also, I can understand the mathematical formula very easily now. Thanks Andrew for this great course.
Superb!Extremely well thought out and implemented.Also, really appreciate the interviews also with Geoffrey Hinton, Pieter Abbeel, and Ian Goodfellow.One reason Andrew Ng is the most sought after teacher on the planet, is his naturally respectful nature and great enthusiasm.
This course is perfect for anyone new to Neural Networks: Great lectures, fully equipment,... But i strongly recommend that participants need have a pre-knowledge in basic Machine Learning and Python Programming, some examples/steps in the assignment may make you be confuse.
It is an excellent course with good exercise. After finishing, you can learn how to make the Deep neural network by yourself and understand the forward & back forward  propagation. The learning experience is like a wonderful journey, showing you how to build tower from sand.
I did the previous course on "Machine Learning by Stanford University on Coursera" also presented by Andrew. This is a great follow-up course and I look forward to delving even further in areas not covered in the previous course in the associated courses in this speciality.
Great course! Mathematical basics and practical aspects well explained. Very nice Python exercises that allow to learn the whole process. Maybe a possible improvement could be additional, a bit harder tasks that require more self work rather than following the instructions.
Complex learning made simple via this platform. Love NN, RNN, back/forward prop etc., concepts with clear explanation and practicals. I would recommend ML folks & new-bees take deep NN learning course....personally will try publish an article / contribute to git. Thank you!
Was accustomed to the learning paradigm setup of ANG from Machine Learning course. Lots of improvement in coursera from 2 years ago. Happy to be picking up some Python along the way. Quality of content - 100/100Instructors - 100/100Focus on Learner's Learning Rate - 100/100
The notebook is constructed in a clear manner to follow. It's really proud to implement your own NN algorithms and it does bring in confidence in you when you're facing such an advanced topic. Although I think you will need extra readings to better understand the math part.
This is a fantastic introduction into deep neural network. Dr. Ng provides teaches in a way that provides a decent amount of mathematical and geometric understanding as well as general intuitions about why/how each step of the basic fully-connected neural network functions.
Has great clarity. Notation is much better than in the Machine Learning course, makes it really easy to implement a basic neural net. Even if you have the ideas clear (or have gone through the ML course), still useful to take a quick pass though this and do the assignments.
I am thankful to andrew-ng and coursera for bringing up this course to demystify deep learning and making it easier through breaking it down and then explaining it. The theory as well as the practicals were the best throughout the internet for a beginner. Thank you so much.
A great introduction to deep learning. Andrew Ng is one of the very few people who somehow manages to make seemingly complex concepts relatively easy to grasp. Perfectly paced, decently challenging quizzes and programming assignments and overall a very rewarding experience.
Another phenomenal course taught by Prof. Ng. In this course I learned how Neural Networks works from a deep level and also implemented then myself! It's incredible how much can me taught when your professor knows which paths to take to achieve the final goal of the course.
It's a very good course for beginners, who want to get the feel of how neural networks work on the high level and would love to be handheld on every difficult step. I would wish for more self-reliant programming assignments, but I guess there is a different course for that.
The best teacher that I have came across.It is commendable that someone with so much knowledge about a subject can think from a learner's perspective and explain  the "presumably" minute of details that would otherwise be too obvious to explain from an expert's perspective.
Well, it was a very good course. I learnt a lot. Just one observation though: It was a plug and play course :), what I mean is that, a novice, would definitely find it difficult to connect the dots. I find it easy because I already had the background in convex optimization.
This is an excellent practically oriented AI/ML course that actually teaches you the transferable skill of building, real, practical training sets. It's all that one could ask for if you want to enter the AI field and get in up and running. Kazi Njema(Swahili for Good Job!)
One of the best courses on Deep Learning, Anything i know about deep learning, I'm proud to say it's because of this course. The course is structured really well so that even a person with no prior knowledge of Deep Learning can pick it up and build things from the scratch.
Awesome Course on Neural Networks and Deep Learning.Andrew NG is an outstanding communicator, and through his clear explanations and exercises I was able to understand the basics of Neural Networks and Deep Learning beyond what I had ever been able to previously.Thank You!
very excellent tutorials and detailed explanations by Andrew, I am very grateful toward the team of this course for providing such a nice syllabus. The programming assignments are brilliant, these will helps me in future to build my own models to solve real-world-problems.
it was very good course, initially I thought its an easy course, but by the end I realized it was very tough course but thanks to Andrew's teaching style, I could understand everything. BTW I have directly started with deep learning, without knowing about machine learning.
This course is full of learning no doubt. If one has very basic in Neural Network formulation and practice in Python Programming with Linear Algebra then he/she could enjoy more. This course has highly focused on brain-storming and recent trends in technology and industry.
Excellent balance
between mathematical rigour, practical application and intuition in this course,
all while explaining this complex topic in such a simple manner. Learnt a lot from this course.  Would definitely recommend to anyone looking to start out with deep learning.
The teacher is very clear, also for non-native English speakers. His lessons are simple to follow, and he's able to explain complex concepts in a very easy and understandable way. Thank you very much for the great course! I will complete the entire Specialization for sure!
I really appreciate how this course reinforces/reviews a lot of of the concepts from Andrews original ML course while remaining relevant and showing the more updated approaches to the same concepts. I feel much more prepared to take what I've learned and start applying it.
Great course: very well presented lectures and assignments.. the course designers really did well at putting themselves in the shoes of someone who doesn't know all this stuff already.  A very enjoyable course and I'm now looking forward to the second course in the series!
Very good course to learn the complicated forward prop/back prop algo behind neural nets. Does a great job explaining the concepts without needing you to know all the calculus/matrix algebra/linear algebra. As always, Andrew Ng is exceptional in his delivery of the course.
As a first year computing student with strong foundation in Python, this course helped me begin my own journey into Deep Learning and Neural Networks and understand the maths as well as the algorithms fundamentally. I look forward to continuing this specialization. Cheers!
The course content as well the detailed explanation from Andrew Ng was really helpful to get the basics of Deep learning and implementing using the notebooks taught me the inner working of the methods. Really awesome course for understanding the underlying structure of DL.
andrew ng has explained all the concepts so beautifully. loved it !!! he gives mathematical explanations as well as intuitions which helps you create mental pictures in your head which in turn results in better understanding. Thank you coursera and Andrew NG so much !!! :D
Andrew Ng is amazing in breaking down complex mathematical concepts for an average person to understand. I have experience with DNN however simply loved the focus on building foundations for the participant rather than jumping straight into coding in common DNN frameworks.
absolutely great course...anyone who wants to start career on machine learning....must take this course...in this 1st out of 5 courses we can learn coding of ML without predefined libraries like keras and tensorflow......which is very important to know the maths behind it
Got a few submission problems here in the last programming assignment, the cat vs non cat problem. Restarting the kernel and running all cells again did the trick, I feel its a problem in randomization resulting in different weights. Luckily, I just had to restart it once
I really loved all the videos — they were well explained, informative and engaging. The assignments were really hands on and allowed me to gain better understanding of what was taught. Would highly recommend to anyone who is interested in neural networks and deep learning
Neural Nets are basically mathematics, people have glorified it. The explanations by Prof.Andrew is impeccable. I learned a lot from this course about deep learning. I am indebted to Coursera for providing the financial aid to get started with the cutting edge technology!
This course is outstandingly resourceful as the videos conducted by Andrew Sir clears the basic concepts used in making a neural network. Along with this, the programming assignments of this course also provide in-depth knowledge about the building of the neural networks.
I find it both really theoretical and practical with well-designed videos as well as impressively useful assignments. The teaching style of Prof. Andrew is absolutely effective to me I have gained a great deal of knowledge and inspiration in the field of Machine Learning.
I am really impressed by the course.The course is so great,well structured and the concepts are clean. Andrew Ng is so good in explaining the concepts in a much simpler way.I am really appreciating your hard work that you have done to make this course this much beautiful.
Excellent introduction to Neural Networks. Explained so lucidly and then step-wise descent into programming a network. Am a fan of Prof. Andrew Ng. I have become extremely confident of making neural nets on my own after doing this course. Can't wait to do further courses.
Loved the way of teaching, the course content.Specially the coding assignment functions are structured in such a beautiful way that it makes it very easy to breakdown and code. Otherwise, thinking of full solution without these small functions seemed to be very difficult.
Excellent course. Easy to learn at a fast pace. The lectures illustrate key principles very clearly. Lot of intuition is developed. The programming assignments focus on the key concepts without letting the student getting bogged down in the details of the language itself.
The program assignments are excellent that help me a lot to understand neural network and how to code my program. The lectures' courses are clear that helps me easily to understand the concept. So, I am very appreciate this course's creator Andrew Ng and other assistants.
Brilliant course.  Clear Explanation with smooth flow.  It covers the basics of neural network and deep learning.  The quiz and assignments are designed to reinforce the understanding of the main points in the course.  This course helps me during my job interview substant
I found this course very useful because it manages to combine a relatively formal introduction to Neural Networks basics with approaches to developing them in practice. The Heroes interviews were a great addition too. Especially loved the one with Geoff Hinton! Thank You!
This course is excellent for learning throw the basics of deep learning quickly!It would be best if this course provides some (optional) calculus assignment (something like calculates dL/dW^[n]), but this can be studied from outside the course, and this is still awesome!
Did face some difficulties with Python. But a wonderful course to get started with Deep Learning with the very basics and intuition. I am never a supporter of using the blackbox in the first go and Andrew has made us see into the black box by this course. Awesome course.
The course aims to provide the practitioner with a deep understanding of the building blocks of neural networks. The math involved is well explained and it gives intuition about why things are developed the way they are. Excellent course and excellent optional material !
Everything Andrew NG is great. This course was a fine introductory for Neural Networks. Sadly I didn't have much free time lately, so I am the only one to blame for the things I didn't learn properly. I can't wait to start watching the next course in this specialization.
I learned a lot from this course even without that much of the in-depth knowledge about the Deep Learning and Neural Networks. Instructor Andrew Ng explained all the concepts in the best possible way such that even a newbie can understand what are DL and Neural Networks.
Gives the fundamental understanding of NNs. Absolutely good for beginners, slow learners or fast learners. Good for a quick recap too. Course content, quiz and programming exercises ensure to gain maximum potential. Thanks Andrew Ng for this amazing tutorials and videos.
Very well taught. Specially the coding exercises give confidence to code your own neural network. Also the Heroes of Neural Network segment is very informative featuring Dr. Geoff Hinton and other giants of the field. I feel motivated to complete the full specialization.
This is so far the best Neural Network explanation i have ever heard (including university). This course helped me a lot in a deep and real understanding of the process. I was finally able to write the equations by myself. Thank you Andrew Ng for this priceless material!
The material is lacking depth for the sake of capturing a large audience. It is mostly practice at mathematical notation for neural networks and practical python tips. But the interviews with well-known researchers in the field make this a five star course in my opinion.
A great course ! I quite liked Andrew's style - his calm , soothing narrative tone while going through the more complex stuff was indeed something that got me going. And it helps when you want to go a bit faster while reviewing the videos - the content still makes sense.
Very well-designed course, the mathematical representation was clearly discussed, otherwise it will be very challenging for students to understand/derive the fundamentals by themselves. Coding assignment is both fun and takes a gradual step, it is never too intimidating.
Great course that moves at a consistent pace that makes it easy to follow along.  Programming exercises are simple enough that you can grasp the concepts and see it in action without having to overthink the small stuff.  Looking forward to the rest of the specialization.
Brilliant Course. Starts from logistic regression and takes you all the way till deep nets. It has a fair bit of hand holding in the assignments, for better results try to implement the assignments on you system without the helper code after you complete the assignments.
Wonderful course! It had me grasp the basics of Neural Networks and Deep Learning, as well as how to build an L-layer deep neural networks system with Python codes! I can now do some amazing things, for example, using the system to auto-classify my collected pictures :-)
The course was a lot of fun to learn.  The course is well structured and easy to follow. Refreshing your calculus a little will help you keep up with the math used. By the end you will have a good practical understanding of how neural nets work and how to implement them.
I really enjoy this course. Well explained & structured. Before taking it, I don't have that much intuition of working, that currently I have (after taking it). It works like building your strong foundation, upon which you will able to do more and learn and can do more.
Excellent course! The content is taught in a way which makes it easy to understand. The focus is on understanding the design principles of neural and deep neural networks and how to code them in Python. The underlying math concepts are beautifully presented when needed.
This is for now the best course I have done in Coursera. The mathematics are really well explained and the course is done in such a way that you can choose if you want to understand each of the details or just have a high level idea of Neural networks. Excellent Course!
Almost perfect course. I wish we could have little less hint with homework, because sometimes I don't understand the purpose of a function even done writing them. However I always go back and review the whole program to get a structured understanding of the whole thing.
The course doesn't make you a deep learning professional. However it gives great explanation about the basic concepts behind deep learning and neural networks. Andrew Ng and his team have done very good job to make such a complex topic accessible and easy to understand.
Great course.  Glad I took Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course prior to this to get the basics.  I've never programmed in Python before - but managed to learn enough to get through.  The problems are structured well, and take you through the implementation step by step.
I love the course content and the way, the instructors made all vital things understand. Thank you Coursera and deeplearning.ai to give me this opportunity to learn and implement deep learning for my own purpose. I really appreciate the efforts for my financial aid too.
Excellent course with clear explanation of deep learning. Andrew shows the large knowledge of the topics and is great master in presentation material for the students. Moreover, all practice works and quizes do not contain any errors and I had pleasure to complete them.
Almost no details were left out. Optional videos to go through some of the derivatives that were skipped during the course would be great. Also The circuit analogy comparing a shallow and a deep network can be explained more clearly with more details so it's accessible.
This course is not only appropriate for the those who study NN first time, but also for those who have a certain degree of theoretical knowledge. This course gave me some really good practice which can help me understand the usage and principal of mathematic algorithms.
It is very well-organized course for beginners of Deep Learning and Neural Network. The hand-on experience is impressive for me. One thing that can be improved is adding more proof or explanations of how to get a formula, which may make the formula more clear logically.
I really enjoyed the course. It gives a light mathematical overview for a start and interesting practice assignments. It allows you to start trying the concepts and gives you a base to search for deeper understanding of the theory and to gain further practic experience.
An excellent course. Designing and developing a Neural Net from ground up with nothing but Numpy really helped to understand a lot of tricks which would have been impossible to understand otherwise. Learning with Prof. Andrew Ng is one of the best experience of my life.
Clear, concise and properly guided course arranged to maximize hands-on implementation potential of deep neural networks. Short interviews with pioneers in the field adds to the overall experience of this course. Thank you to the wonderful team that made this possible!
This is an excellent course to get a detailed understanding of Neural Networks. Andrew has taught it in detail and with lot of patience. Views of the industry guest speakers is also insightful. Doing the Machine Learning course prior to this, helped me to learn faster.
Andrew Ng is such a natural teacher and wonderful person. I love seeing him smile all throughout the course. I initially started this course long-time back, and played around with the assignments. Now I have restarted it, and it's still a very good learning experience.
This course introduced many new concepts that taught complex math in a very simple manner. Going from basics and building on top of it helped me understand complex concepts very easily. Reiterating the same concepts again and again also helped me in grasping it easily.
Absolutely Brilliant way of explaining the concepts and build the intuition of how a Deep learning network is built. I have not become an expert, but this course has built a solid foundation on which i can start my path to be an expert in ML. Thanks Andrew.Ng and Team.
After going through this course, I have a much better understanding of exactly how forward and back propagation work.  I also have the intuition around what is happening in a neural network and a sense for what it means to add hidden layers, and nodes to hidden layers.
This course gives an in depth knowledge of how to build a neural network and ultimately to build a deep neural network. It gives the skills to structure efficiently the computation of each layers. I learned about the impact of various activation function on my network.
The difference between all the courses (other than coursera) is the course takes you on a journey where you can see inside Neural Networks. It also lets you build a Neural Network step-by-step. Highly Satisfied and Recommend it to all Beginners and Intermediate People.
Coming from a much detailed course by the same teacher, Andrew Ng, this felt rather familiar, but nevertheless, equally useful. I would recommend this for the accuracy of the info, the way the data is presented and the attention to detail for the quizzes / assignments.
Gives a great foundation of the basics and intuition behind neural networks. The assignments are not that hard if you are familiar with numpy. A great extra advantage is to observe how they organize code and their function to be abstract and reusable. A big take away!!
This is great to do after fast.ai deep learning course. You know what is happening in a NN from fastai. Then this course into the details and maths of a NN. Which doesn't feel so scary because you already what he means, you are just expressing it in a different format!
Neural networks and deep learning have been a strange subject to me for a very long time. Now that I have finished this course, I'm not only excited but I'm planning to dig deeper, learn and understand more. This course is really a gentle introduction to deep learning.
Professor Andrew is one of the best teacher I have seen till now. The efforts he takes for beginners to cope up and equally helping the advanced learners. I am learning from Ng since his CS229 course. This specialisation is very helpful for current trends in ML and AI.
It's a very wholesome course to understand the inner functioning and actual computations for the backpropagation. Very much advisable even though you know how to implement models, it will help you to understand the things better and conceptualize the thoughts forever.
I could achieve a simple deep neural network by myself and I deeply understand the could achieve a neural network by myself and I deeply understand the basic theory of neural network. I also excited about apply the neural network to classify something in my real life.
The course is awesome. It provides very useful insights into how does deep learning models work. It provides both the math aspect as well as the hands on aspect of deep learning. I would recommend this courser to anyone who wants to demystify the word "Deep Learning".
This the best course by far. The short tutorials were the best part of the course, as it never bored me while watching them,It's short and effective. It was really fun solving the assignments. I can now understand deep learning concepts with ability to solve problems.
Andrew Ng sir you are such a perfect and simplified personality. Sir, I love this course. The teaching style and pattern is amazing; even complicated topics like deep neural networks become easy for me. Thank you so much, sir for this. See you back in the next course.
This course is well designed and very helpful for absolute beginners for starting their career in Deep learning and Neural networks. I appreciate the efforts of instructors and mentors for helping me during any doubts. Thank you deeplearning.ai community and coursera.
Very clear, engaging, easy to follow. An excellent introduction. Also, the coding style is 5-stars: it strongly stresses good factoring (defining many small, easily testable functions which each execute one task well, and combine them to get a working, bug-free code).
This course is one of the perfect courses on machine learning available over the internet. It has the perfect balance of amount of video lectures, reading materials and practice problems. Hence, this never bore you down by just including reading materials or lectures.
Another Wonderful course. And I am looking forward to the rest of the courses. If there is any suggestion, that i can give is to provide more challenging programming exercises. Also include discussion on hardware, GPU, CPU, and software and frameworks like Tensorflow.
Andrew Ng made the course really simple to understand. But I would add that before doing this course, it is better to do some courses or tutorials on Linear Algebra, Logistic Regression and Gradient Descent so that you have a good foundation to understand this course.
Thoroughly enjoyed the course.  Lab feedback within minutes is pretty cool. Using vectorization for forward and back propagation, deep nets (L), and simpler non-linear activation functions, e.g., relu, is quite a change from my earlier exposure to neural nets in 2003.
From these courses, I've learn lots of things such as logistic learning model, L layer nerual netword, and backpropagation and so on.However, I still have a few confusions in backpro and have little confidence in programming. Anyway it's fine, I very love the courses!
I haven't knew anything about neural networks before. This course opened my eyes to machine learning with excellent examples in Python. Mathematical knowledge from before is not important to finish this course and to learn intuitively how to work with neural networks.
Andrew Ng is a great lecturer. He makes neural networks seems easy for new learners. However, without his detailed instructions for each assignment, this course can be much harder. Anyway, I think taking this class is the fastest way for you to get into deep learning.
The course was quite tense. Videos by Dr. Andrew are short and straight to the point. Hours of revision and research in maths needs to be done after the videos. This is only if you are unfamiliar with Linear Algebra. Learnt a lot from this. Will recommend this 100%😊
This course really helped me to get a good idea about the Neural Networks and Deep Learning field of study and also helped me on my degree. I kindly thank for the course coordinators/instructors. Highly recommend for anyone who have interests in AI and related areas.
Very good introduction to deep learning and neural networks.In this course, you can learn mathematical background of deep learning.Also , programming assignment are very nice.Instructions are very clear , they challange you but not that hard , and it is fun to do it.
excellently explained broadcastings and how to write a first neural network from scratch, Andrew ng has the best teaching skills, if you can do the programming exercises yourself you are on the right track. do not ignore programming assignments even the optional ones
I applied for this course under financial aid and reason that i chose coursera over other platforms that this platform provides in depth knowledge of thins instead of just coding. Prof. ng is so good and cover things which will help understand things . great learning
A very thorough introduction to the field of Deep Learning. While there are some teething issues regarding jupyter files stalling, the course as a whole was a deeply satisfying intro to the subject and has convinced me to continue with the rest of the specialization.
Fun projects where you implement basic neural networks (that can be scaled "deep") from scratch using numpy. Touches on enough of the math so you get a feel for it, but it's not overwhelming. You only really have to know how to implement (provided) equations in code.
Another masterpiece from Andrew Ng. I am a big fan of his teaching and clear communication of thoughts and concepts. I come from engineering background and so having the exercises and algorithms implemented in python is a big plus. Thanks for making this available :)
Excellent course, very well paced, structured, and explained. Exercises are very helpful. The course accommodates students with at least a basic level of Python programming. I think some calculus knowledge is extremely helpful (I'm a mathematician) but non-essential.
This is the best deep learning course I've ever had. Andrew Ng explains the theory behind deep learning in a easily understandable way, even for someone who doesn't have good mathematical background. The programming assignment also helped me to understand the course.
This course needs some basics, but one who has that will get clear understanding of all the buzz words.Andrew Ng has explained every concept so clearly, amazing skill he has to transform things so that they can be explained in such an easy manner.Thank you Andrew Ng.
A few typos in the week 4 notebooks. Especially in the final homework, it should be 4-Layer NN instead 5, which is a severe typo and can be very misleading.Other than that, this course is awesome. This is way better than UFLDL tutorial and I really enjoy this course.
Excellent course and content! Great coverage of all the fundamentals and pre-requisites!! Quizzes and programming assignments are perfectly aligned with the content taught! Finally, Andrew Ng's teaching is simply unbeatable!! Thank you for making NN/DL easy and fun!!
This course is great.I started touching machine learning six months ago.So I already have some foundation. It is relatively easy for me to study this course.More importantly, Andrew Ng's course is very detailed, so I have a better grasp of the principles and methods.
In this course, Andrew teaches such complicated notions of machine learning so understandable and tangible in very well step by the step learning process. So you can get an applicable grasp of machine learning knowledge in structured teaching and practicing process.
Andrew is the best teacher, I found this course quite relevant and the teaching methodology made it quite easy for me to get a good grasp of things and see the practicality of the neural networks. Thanks a lot, Andrew and everyone else who contributed to this course
Prof. Andrew explains all the concepts in a very simple manner, which I think is a great quality. This is what connects you to your learners very well and induces self learning as well! Great job in designing the assignments, gradually building in complexity level!!
Professor Andrew Ng was astounding in the way he explained the concepts, also, as the famous machine learning course, all of the courses in this specializations were great in terms of quizzes and assignments that help have a complete grasp of the subject. Thank you.
The professor explains the concepts step by step and clearly. The program assignment leads you to know how to utilize the python and  build up the structure. It is easy to understand what a difficult deep learning. I am appreciated to learn the lesson with Coursera.
Wonderful course! Great fundamental introduction to deep learning. I have taken master's level courses and I thought this was thorough. In the cases where some details were mentioned, but not explained, the forum was full of vibrant, eager, students who dove deeper.
From theory to practice, it's very important to finish the tasks after each class.    If only to know it is not enough but to put it in practical;If only to wish it is not enough but to turn it true.  Sincerely thanks for all the members of Ng's Team! Come on!  :  )
This is an excellent course from Andrew. I have already taken courses from pro Hinton and some other courses at different platforms, but the way Andrew explains the key concepts very nicely and it has something to learn for everyone who wants to learn deep learning.
It was wonderful, the concepts were very intuitively explained. However I personally felt that the assignments were a little easy, given that the answer was only a step or two away from what was already coded. The nuances of the coding was left for us to understand.
Excellent course designed by Andrew Ng and team. The videos and assignments gives great insights into Neural Networks and Deep Learning and i would highly recommend this course for anybody dealing with Deep Learning whether you are a developer, product manager etc.
Excellent intro into Neural Networks! Starts from zero, outlining enough of important details, but not too much. Provides some good intuition. Lecture are divided into digestible chunks. Programming exercises are fun. It's been a very enjoyable learning experience!
I've been trying to understand the basic concepts of neural networks and know more about the fuss around Deep learning. Didn't quite find the right answers to I took this course. Aptly delivered with necessary support system to walk through the jargon of the field.
It was a very good introductory course. I had already studied the Machine Learning course and in this course a bit overview but thorough stuff about neural networks was taught. Also, the programming assignments were good. Overall, it was a good learning experience.
This course gives us a clear understanding about Neural Network and Deep Learning itself. We can follow this course without any fear of missing out of the subject due to Andrew Ng and all the facilitators give a very comprehensive knowledge about everything. Thanks
This is the best Online Course I have ever done. Sir's teaching was very good. This course gave me a very good understanding of how neural network works. I have also attended Sir's "Machine Learning - Stanford University" course and it was also an excellent course.
I would like to recommend this course to the professionals,students and teachers who are interested in AI or sub-parts of it. It is a very interesting course and easy to understand.I would also like to suggest this course prior to Machine Learning course.Good luck!
I must stay, one of the best course to start with if you are looking forward to get in-depth understanding of how neural network works. Thanks to Andrew Ng for such composite compilation of concepts of Linear Algebra and calculus... Looking forward to more courses.
The Professor was very helpful in making sure even beginners understood all concepts. The process of defining helper functions and then calling them inside the NN model is a very step-by-step incremental way of doing things which makes it easier to identify errors.
I have 2 master's degrees that explored AI/ML applications and I still found this class interesting and informative.  The lectures clearly explained the concepts and the homework illustrated them without getting bogged down in coding minutiae. A great intro course.
One of the greatest lectures on the planet! I was board with one thing: programming assignments are way to easy. I think it would be great if there were just description of a method you need to build, with named input and output attributes, without any code at all.
This is it. This is the best course on Deep Learning that exists today. The lectures are excellent, but the assignments are truly the work of a master. Perfect construction of small assignments that finally come together to build the complex tools of deep learning.
Very good introduction! Covers basics and lets you try a bit for yourself. I kind of wish the assignments were a little less "guided" - but then again, it gives you an introduction to keeping your code structurized as well. (And I can always experiment on my own ;)
Great introduction to deep learning. It includes the necessary linear algebra overview to understand the inner workings of deep learning, yet it is clear and concise. The flow of the course feels natural and everything is made so you can progress and learn easily.
I think this is one of the best courses for the beginners in the field of Machine learning, deep learning particular. The way of teaching is very good and the way programming exercises are designed teach you a lot about basics of implementing deep neural networks.
I have learnt a lot of things related to DNN in this course. Highly recommended course even if you are new to deep learning and machine learning.  Course content addresses every basic aspect of neural networks and the tips provided by the professor is very useful.
I really liked Andrew Ng's videos. If I could perhaps point some weakness of the course it would be the lack of mathematical emphasis. However, if you are curious and committed to learn, you can go deeper into the mathematics of deep learning -- sorry for the pun.
Clear explanation, interview with experts to understand their journey in Deep learning, Programming exercises are all the best things of this course. Helped me understand the concept and implement them. I plan to use this learning to implement few of my own ideas.
Great overview from Dr. Ng. He does a great job of making the math easily digestable and helping students understand how it relates to machine learning. Very helpful to start at logistic regression and move into deep learning to help paint a more holistic picture.
Lovely course. It explains things rigorously enough, without overburdening the students. The programming assignments not only contributed towards my understanding of machine learning, but some effective coding practices as well. I would recommend this to everyone.
Great course ! Pratical and goes deep into the concepts. The exercises are in pythons notebooks, that I prefer most than Octave in the other courses. Loved the interviews. This course is a must do for those interested in understanding and practicing deep learning.
It is a wonderfull course. I really recommend this course to people who want to start a career in Artificial Intelligence. Course instructor has good knowledge and experience in this field. I also liked program assignments which help you practice what you learned.
Mister Andrew Ng is FABULOUS!!! The course is marvellous, the way he explains, the content, the organization of the different topics, the increasing difficulty...I can't find words to express my admiration to Mr. Ng.Thank you very much to the Coursera equipment!!!
I enjoyed solving the assignments. They are essential for the better understanding of the topic. The best way to learn something is by doing it yourself. Since I am from non-computer science background, this course helped me to work on my master's thesis. Thanks.
This is an excellent course to get your hands on the basics and practice neural networks in code. One of the key take aways for me was that it enabled me to do vectorization in code which always seemed like a big deal when I tried playing with neural nets before.
Very insightful course. Cannot stress how important it was for Andrew to go from the very roots of the mathematics up to building your very own NN from scratch. Really helped with the overall comprehension of what an NN is and how it functions at the basic level!
I already have practical experience using neural nets with the keras/tensorflow framework. Nevertheless, this course has further improved my insight in the mechanics of neural nets, as you are forced to build neural nets yourself from scratch. Highly recommended.
A really good course to start learning about neural networks. Will definitely continue and try to finish all the courses of the specialization. However, the assignments are kind of buggy at times and the overall experience would be better if these bugs are fixed.
I would recommend this course to every one because it covers the basic concepts of deep learning in a detailed and comprehensive way. I have learned a lot in this course. This comprise of forward propagation, back propagation, cost functions deep neural networks.
On week 3 so far-- this course is very well-structured and friendly to a broad spectrum of students (simplified visualisation: Python skills on one side, theoretical knowledge on the other-- both extremes can easily navigate this course and learn a thing or two).
It is a very carefully designed course. The learner can learn with minimal effort and time. The most important thing is this is not a theoretical course only. The student will be instantly prepared for implementation of a deep neural network in his/her workplace.
Authorative advice from Andrew Ng about on choice of activation functions, how to understand backpropagation and how to code it all up using numpy.  Coming from Keras and tensorflow, now I understand so much more what happens under the hood in the software I use.
Dr. Ng is a great teacher, with clear explanations and plenty of intuition to back up his mathematical explanations. This course teaches techniques that are the basis for state-of-the-art results and shares current best practices gleaned over years of experience.
Excellent course for a non-statistics background person like me. Earlier I used to use Deep Leaning API's in Keras and Tensorflow as black box, but now I really understand the intuition behind the deep learning algorithms and understand how to use and tweak them.
Fantastic Course by Dr. Ng. The lectures covered the concepts well and laid good foundation for understanding deep neural networks. The exercises are commendable and provide a good platform to apply learning from the lectures. Overall, a good foundational course
Every thing with this course was amazing,The great Andrew Ng is awesome.(The only problem was that, at the end the network predicted my own image as a cat! :D )You are great coursera,You are great deeplearning.ai.Many thanks for the course and the financial aid.
This Course easy to understand. Deliver very clear explanation about the foundation of Deep Learning. The Exercises are also very helpful to strengthen the concept in my mind, since the template code are very well commented  and provided with some illustrations.
Really great course and a natural follow-on from the original Machine Learning course from Andrew. I would say if you have done the original Machine Learning course, this first course will make a lot of sense and will be quite simple and really build confidence.
Good iterative model, exercise component was helpful. I don't feel like I have enough practice with neural networks yet to say I am a practitioner, but this course certainly introduced me to the key concepts and gave me a sense of accomplishment to build off of.
This was my first online course on Coursera, and I really appreciated the content, the way it was delivered and the level of the online exercises. As a VP of engineering wanting to get a better, hands-on understanding of neural networks, this course was perfect.
Such an amazing course!  Each week builds upon the previous week and does so in a way that reinforces concepts.  Also, an underrated part of this is how well it teaches numpy and speeding up your python code.  Overall, this is my favorite course I've ever taken.
It was one of the best learning processes in my life. I got to know a great sense of Machine Learning, and most importantly Neural Networks and Deep Learning. I am so thankful and grateful to Andrew Ng. He is a great mentor, great instructor and great motivator.
It was very exciting to build my own DNN from scratch. The course made me (optionally) revisit university calculus and fill out gaps in my understanding. I did not realize that Machine learning will be so much fun! Thanks a lot to Prof. Andrew and team for this!
Amazing course for anyone who doesn't have much experience with NN, like me :) The programming assignments were so well-structured! They've just raised the bar of how neat and readable a code should be - the perfect example for guys who're just learning to code.
I gained a great deep comprehension of the basic knowledge of neural network and deep learning through this course and my python programming ability  has been also improved a lot. So, I strongly recommend you to open the gate of AI by learning this course first.
A very nice and intuitive introduction to neural networks and deep learning. The conventions and notations used for the neural networks are carefully chosen and facilitates learning. I also obtained deeper intuition for the neural networks thanks to this course.
After completing Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course, this course felt like a natural extension. Loved this course too. Andrew Ng has again done a great job explaining the concepts. Thank you Coursera and Deeplearning.ai for coming up with this wonderful course.
I was very impressed at how well Andrew explained some difficult concepts. He was also really good at emphasizing which concepts were the most important. The videos are excellent and the assignments seemed to strike the right balance of difficult and achievable.
I've taken other deep learning courses, but Professor Ng's style of teaching is just excellent and hard to beat. The course is engaging and it's easy to grasp the core concepts. Knowledge of some Linear Algebra, derivatives, and Python skills is a pre-requisite.
Amazing Course the syllabus the content everything is just amazing content is easy to follow mentors are very helpful they provide other resources too if some concepts don't make sense , I had a lot of help received from discussion forums.It is a great course !
Being a Mechanical Engineer, I felt this course was structured so beautifully that a guy like me from any engineering domain understands very well. I am very happy that this helped me to get a deep overview of the computational framework inside Neural Networks.
This course has provided me deep insight as to how deep neural networks work and how it can be implemented using the optimized vectorization technique. Till now one of the best material I've found on deep learning for beginners as well as intermediate learners!
very well made online course I think. It's like meeting with the real lecturer. It's just that the explanation of the video is too short for me. it would be better if the video duration is longer. However, overall, very satisfied with this first course, love it
This course is really good. Explanation of Andrew Ng is up-to the mark and excellent.  I want other users to join the course and update your knowledge of Neural Networks and Deep Learning. Its really helpful with proper explanation and examples given by Andrew.
Many thanks for the course! It's very detailed, brings you step by step to building a deep neural network using numpy, Python and Jupiter notebooks. I especially appreciated the inspirational interviews with people who pioneered the neural network developments.
Excellent course. Andrew Ng explained in detail each and every thing and concepts were crystal clear in the end. However, autograder needs to provide better feedback in case of a problem. Moreover, it would be nice if the students are allowed to debug the code.
This course is absolutely amazing!  Definitely will recommend to my friends who interested in Deep Learning! Prof. Andrew Ng explains the intuition perfectly,  and I love the programming assignment, which guided me step by step to complete it!  5-star for sure!
Great course! It has the right balance between theory and programming exercises. The subject can be very technical and mathematical, but the instructor explains it in a way that makes it understandable even for those who do not have in-depth calculus knowledge.
Excellent way of teaching and art for making difficult things explained simply. Even provided higher classes math concepts, which helped me a lot in implementing that math in programming. I wish i could find time and complete this series of courses. Recommended
Reveals the fundamentals of Deep Learning in an intuitive and mathematically sound way. Major advances in Natural Language Processing are reviewed to the current state. The exercises contribute to understanding. On the same level as Andrew's Stanford ML course.
Very useful course. This course shows you the nuts and bolts of Deep Learning in excellent detail. I have taken other courses where they use a higher level (like Keras) and I did not get as much intuition as this course. Thanks Andrew and the other instructors!
Great intro! The instructor takes his time to explain the concepts multiple times so you are constantly refreshed. Also, the terms are consistent across all the lectures and assignments, and any changes are clearly stated. Im looking forward to the next course.
I am highly satisfied in talking this course. The mechanism of neural networks was explained in a progressive manner which enabled good  understanding of the basics. Andrew's explanation of back propagation was simply awesome . Thank you for this great course!!
This course lays the foundation of the Neural Networks. It explains one of the most difficult to understand part of the Neural Networks: Backpropagation. This course is a must if you are interested in understanding the implementation details of Neural Networks,
Very good as a startOnly concern is that programming assignements were so assisted that I couldn't get it wrong and I would have porefered sometimes as assignement that gives a problem and let the student program it from scratch (at least as a last assignement)
The instructor does an excellent job of stripping away the extraneous material and concentrating on the important topics. The course is very well designed to minimize frustrations inevitable with distance learning, so you can concentrate on learning the topic.
This is my first deep learning course, I love to implement the very basic and core neural network in this course. However, It will be more helpful if the course allows me to learn a little bit basics of a statistic such as deep learning book by Ian Goodfellow.
No doubt Andrew Ng is an amazing tutor. This course will let you implement the concepts that you'll study and it feels so great to see something working after learning it, especially in coding. Thank you Coursera and deeplearning.ai for such an amazing course.
Very good course for a rookie like me, who has just basic knowledge about ML. It helps you understand not only the concepts of deep learning but also makes you well-verse with the math behind it and help you code all the things you learn throughout the course.
I have enrolled in different courses, but no one was able to explain the principle of deep learning(What's happening behind deep learning network) this much clearer. The best course if you want to learn behind the scene of a Neural Network. Highly Recommended.
This course helped me a lot to achieve a better understanding of this complex topic. It guided me step-by-step in an such a way that things look simpler as they are but not by becoming irrelevant scientifically speaking. I highly recommend this course, really.
The course has a healthy balance between having the participant independently learns and practices the concepts themselves and being safely guided to complete the course. Few typos need to be corrected, however. Otherwise, it is an excellent course. Thank you.
This course explains the fundamentals of neural networks in very elaborated way. The course teaches how to use Python Numpy to build L-layer neural network models for image classification. This course was very useful to me. I have learnt a lot from this course
Through this course, I learned how to build a multi-hidden-layer neural network in python and gained a deep understanding of the concept of back propagation. It feels cool when you see you can actually build a real neural network that can do image recognition.
Professor Andrew Ng explained the basic very well. It is ok to not have any background in Math, Linear Algebra etc. But I feel that you might understand thing at much greater depth if you have understanding of them. Overall nice course to begin with ML and AI.
It's a very concise intro to the basics of DNN's. It's a much shorter (It can be completed this in much less than 4 weeks) course compared to Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course, but still covers the details of back propagation in a simple comprehensible way.
I got to learn not just the conceptual aspects but the actual implementation techniques which come through a lot of practice. Like the way, helper functions ease the understanding of the overall model. Also, the weekly guest interviews were highly motivating.
It is one of the best courses for gaining much exposure in Neural Networks and Deep Learning.I would recommend this course for every one who wants to enhance practical knowledge in this field.The course instructor is highly qualified for teaching this course.
This is a very good course that lays all the foundations one might need to implement deep learning. The instructor was good. Even if I had not done Python programming, I managed to follow through and complete the course. Thank you deeplearning.ai and coursera
I loved the Neural Networks and Deep Learning course. Andrew Ng is an awesome teacher and it is so simple and enjoyable to follow his explanations. With the theory and programming exercises combined, I am now able to build my own simple Neural Nets in Python.
Very great course! Prof. Andrew Ng explains complex concepts in an easy-understanding way, it is good for CS students without any deep learning background. And the programming homework are well designed to let me get deeper understanding. Thank you very much!
Nice course for beginning deep learning. The only negative point of the course is it does not say anything about how to process the data from data-sets. Maybe a little introduction to how to preprocess data or how to handle data from data-sets will be helpful
Really great course. It follows a bottom up approach to understand deep learning concepts. One suggestion for improvement would be to give additional resource links corresponding to learning of every video if someone wants to delve deeper into those concepts.
Extremely good basic about deep learning as well as the implementation in Python. The last assignment was quite challenging and took time for me to digest all the codes. Recommended to do with friends and it is better if you have good Python Skills beforehand
Fantastic Intro Class. For a newbie in DL, all you need to come in with is some Python and High school Math basics and Prof. Ng will take you further. It requires some careful thought and work to internalize the depth and inner workings of DL. Very enjoyable.
I really liked this course. Used it as an introduction into Neural Networks, something that I am very interested in. Helped me understand what is happening behind the scenes, and it was very cool to make my own programs utilizing what I learned in the course.
I am a beginner in the field of Deep Learning and this course is structured and informative in the field and the assignments are intuitive and takes a modular approach to build a L-layered NN from scratch which gave me a better understanding of how a NN works
Great material, well explained. The programming exercises are really a good way to get a good grasp of all concepts. It is also a nice way to get started with Python/NumPy. This course is easy to follow if you have followed the Machine Learning course before.
I just watched the videos and I must thank Dr. Ng for the great work. This course is must watch for people who are or intend to use deep learning to solve data science problem to understand the logic of deep learnings. Looking forward to next course in series
This is very good course. By taking this course, I can get the fundamental concept of building deep learning model. The most interesting part of this course is where you can learn the concept from mathematical aspect and start to code it using vectorization.
The concepts and cases in teaching are very good and they're taught very well but I think if programming assignments are not wrote before and student complete it, it's better. I think if all of the concepts will be done by student, it will have better result
Very well organised, this course is an excellent learning opportunity, with very clear explanations and a step-by-step approach whch guides you though the actual implementations of algorithms. I also very much enjoiyed the interviews with experts. Great job!
Quite enjoyed it. Would appreciated more difficult programming assignment because the current one could be easily solved simply by following the function signatures, thus depriving you of the necessity to re-read the material and thus solidify one's learning
This course was amazing for teaching the fundamental math (which is mainly linear algebra and calculus) behind the functionality of neural networks. The math and symbols are a bit complicated at first, but you get accustomed to them as the course progresses.
Perfect mix of theory videos and practice programming. Perfect for all levels. It has helped me a lot to understand the nature of Neural Networks and Deep learning from both a mathematical and programatical perspective, getting the maximum insight out of it.
Great explanations with updated content compared to the earlier Machine Learning course.  New programming assignments are wonderfully clear and lead you through building a working Deep Learning image classifier with very little struggle.  Highly recommended.
After finishing the Machine Learning Course by Andrew Ng, I just had to do this 5-course specialization and it didnt disappoint. In depth explanation of the 'intuitions/ concepts' to make sure you understand what is going on and why it works the way it does.
It is really an excellent course. I am fully satisfied with the content of the course and the style of teaching. I loved the in depth mathematical explanation of the neural network. I think I would have missed a great learning if I did not chose this course.
This was just a fabulous course! The lecture videos and python notebooks were very comprehensive and structured in such a way to really promote learning the underlying fundamentals of neural networks. Outstanding content and organization. Highly recommended.
Thank you for this course. I ever studied Neural network, but I knew only concept. I always want to know how to create NN for long time ago. Now I understand how to use it in Supervised DLP. I hope that next course will teach me about unsupervised DLP too!!!
Very good course! Andrew has the magic to convey complex ideas in a straightforward and easily understandable way. Also smooth learning the courser provided. Homework is great, although I would argue that it could be more challenge and thus more interesting.
Great Course for ML Practitioners. My mentor Andrew NG was the catalyst for my career in ML when the first course was released in coursera a few years back. This course helped me in understanding the concept behind Deep Learning. Absolutely loved the course.
It's a great course! Instructions, tips and other details are helpful to understand principles and methods of deep learning. I believe it took a amount of time of Prof.Andrew to set up such a online course. Thanks a lot for providing such a excellent course!
Prof. Ng has a real talent at breaking down complicated concepts into easy-to-understand parts. The homeworks are not trivial but are easy enough for someone with little python or machine learning experience to work through with a bit of effort. Very useful.
The entire course is very well structured. There are clear goals for each lesson and also easy-to-follow instructions that are needed to achieve those goals. It has made me much more confident in learning machine learning as somebody who is not good at math.
Much better paced than Andrew Ng's previous Machine Learning course, this course explains step by step how to implement a simple deep neural network in Python. The Jupyter Notebooks are very well structured and explain what is going on every step of the way.
I'm a Mathematics student. I haven't taken a course like this before, my only background was a little bit of Francois Chollet's Deep Learning with Python book, yet I understood all the content clearly. I don't even mention that Andrew NG is a great teacher.
The Course was very helpful for enhancing my knowledge and I learnt about Python Programming in better manner. Also, this course helped me in gaining some insights into Building Deep Neural Networks and also building the intuitions for Deep Neural Networks.
Great course. It filled the blank I need. It does not put a lot of weigh on calculus, which made a lot of easy and fun. The programing assignments make the learning clearer and have a very clear structure connecting all the pieces I learned from the course.
Magnífico! Andrew Ng is my hero. I'm a graduate student and I'm so happy I can complete the habilites I intend to gain with this course. Thank you for your time, you can change lives. And thank you to Coursera to open the certificate during this tough time.
I found the course to be very well structured to fit for newbie and for those feeling home.  A bit of what learner should expect in real time environment will make another sword in the belt for killing obstacles towards good carrier and building confidence.
A very nice course. Comprehensive guide in the coding part. Really enjoyed a lot while coding. A lot of new things to learn via lectures. Don't skip it. Watch every lectures. They are very helpful. Looking forward to the next courses of this specialization.
This is one of the fantastic courses I have come through. The way of teaching by Andrew Ng is superb. The assignment walk through was a very important thing for first timer like me. I appreciate this good work by Coursera and Andrew Ng and his team. Thanks.
This was a very informative course, and I learned a lot. It does slow down to a crawl, however, when the instructor covers VERY basic concepts in calculus (derivatives). I found the Python exercises very useful, even though I've never touched Python before.
You can probably get started with Deep Learning doing other tutorials that go more straight to testing things out (openAI, etc.), but I think that starting with the fundamentals in this course was very valuable to demystify what is really going on in there.
I have learned a lot of basic ideas about neural networks. I have also learned about the basic programming of binary classifier in layer 1, layer 2 and Layer L. This course is very suitable for beginners who want to write codes in python for classification.
Fantastic course. I had been banging my head against the wall for a while with this material and Andrew explained it in such a simple way. The exercises were very helpful. By the end of this course you will have built a deep neural network just using numpy.
Amazing introduction to Deep Learning starting from the basics (logistic regression) and building up to deep networks. All the necessary math is explained in the videos and we implement all steps of the algorithms using NumPy in the programming assignments.
Amazing course. Very structured and highly technical. Next step for me is to pick any project of my own choice and build that using Deep Learning from the first principle. Special thanks to Andrew and team who made this course so special :) with love Suvro.
Very good and well explained course. Even though it has been almost 2 decades since I had my linear algebra I could follow. Really a must have for anybody with minimal coding/maths understanding and willing to learn something new about deep learning and NN.
Really well-curated course with excellent lectures and really great hands-on content, plus lots of room for thinking around the topic. I've tried a few intro ML courses/books and this is the best by far! Looking forward to continuing with the specialization
An amazing foray into the world of deep learning! It has everything a learner expects from a course. Excellent concept introduction, apt examples, good mentorship and interviews with role-models. This is a must take course for introduction to deep learning.
Course content is very good. Andrew Ng's style of teaching is phenomenal. He has a knack for uncomplicating an otherwise complex subject matter. Highly recommended for anyone who is trying to understand the fundamentals of neural networks and deep learning.
I like this course so much, due to its bridge effect from theoratical inference to real implementation. Thanks Andrew for making such a good deep learning course for whoever wants to enjoy the charm of deep learning and witness how AI will change the world.
I think this an excellent theorical-practical course. I had no problems going through the lectures and I found a lot of them reallly helpful. The exercises allowed me to pratice my python programming skills. I'm looking forward to complete the next course.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course, It was like a revision to what I learned a semester ago in the university, the assignments were refreshing and helped me to get a better understanding of the course materials, will continue to explore the remaining series.
Nice course where you learn all the fundamentals. You will understand how some algorithms, that are already developed and into libraries, work. The coding is in Python, I like it more than Matlab/Octave because you it is useful for developing real problems
The course was very structured and really helped me a lot to understand the backpropagation more clearly. Also, I now understand how to implement neural networks from scratch without using the inbuilt package so that I can now create my own neural network.
The combination of lectures, quizzes, and programming exercises, Andrew's course helped me gained a basic understanding of neural network and deep learning. After taking this course, I felt more prepared to lead a team to take on machine learning projects.
The programming exercises were very well structured. I was not planning to go through a lot of python training just to get the programming part done and thus the way everything was encapsulated allowed me to keep focus on the conceptual part of the program
This is a great course because it also focuses on how matrix multiplication is happening and what shapes my matrices should be in order to get computed properly. Information was laid out in a proper format and the exercises helped to strength the concepts.
This is the best course of Machine Learning and Deep Learning course for the beginner. I am in love with the teaching style of the instructor Andrew Ng. Kudos to the Coursera Team for making a such a platform to provide the world class teaching accessible.
Really appreciated to the professor for illustrating everything so clearly and very easily to accept. I think it is kind of an art if one could make a hard topic so interesting and acceptable. I am really enjoying the processing of learning this course. :)
The course is well organized and Andrew has made the basic ideas really clear. Also, the programming assignments is amazing which help you build a neural network almost hand in hand though I do not think it is necessary to put every thing in minute detail.
Thanks for driving me through the implementation details of a neural network model. I've been using these models for a while, and I understand how NN works mathematically, but I'm still able to learn a lot by combining coding and theory in the same course!
I am extremely happy with this course. The professor is amazing! I wish all my professors throughout my academic years were like him. The way the course is being thought is engaging and the material provides all the necessary knowledge without being scary.
Excellent course; it illustrates the basic concepts underlying multi-layer neural networks and explains clearly the algorithm implementaiton. After completion of the course it becomes easier to follow up the underlying theory, i.e. Goodfellow et al. 2016.
I used to struggle a lot with matrix dimensions, especially in parameters and caches. After finishing this course, I got a clear idea and explanation about the concept. I enjoyed this course a lot.I am excited about the next course in this specialization.
Explained very nicely and deeply. Programming Assignments gave me a tonnes of clarity and pratical experience. Those gave me confidence that I can apply Deep Learning(that I learnt in this course)in projects. Quizzes removed theoretical misunderstandings.
A truly well developed course with hands on work. I am an experienced Matlab and Python developer and this course really broadens your skills and puts development at a level above traditional code writing...show the code what you are trying to do instead!
when i entered this course, i had no knowledge on python and the starting assignments felt so difficult. but the classes and the guidance given before each assignment was so good!! i learnt to work with python atleast to understand the language. thank you
This course is really good to learn about the basics of Neural Network and Deep learning. I learnt how to create neural network including forward propagation, cost computation, backward propagation and numpy functions also. Special thanks to Andrew Ng! :)
The course is well structured; the algorthms are presented from their theoretical derivation till their implementation in code.Prof. Ng is clear and explains the concepts gradually and carefully.Very good introduction course to the topic.Next on the way !
Fantastic course - technical concepts are presented with such great clarity.  Assignments help you go through the basic steps of writing the fwd and backprop algorithm equations - this helps understand the underlying equations that govern neural networks.
Perfect and clear courses with good designed exercises in Python to practice what we have learnt from this course. I would recommande it to anyone who wants to learn Dee-learning. If you have learnt Machine learning course, this is not difficult to learn.
This course was really helpful for me to develop insights for the internal working of a Neural Network.I have also done fewer cources from other websites but honestly speaking this was the best for making me truly understand the working of Neural Network.
If you somewhat patiently and systematically go through the course, you'll walk away with a very good working knowledge of how to implement a deep neural network.  I found the material in this course was presented in a well balanced and intuitive fashion.
A very well organized course for deep learning. The course is very helpful but the assignments are made very easy by putting lot of code templates. It would be better if we had more freedom in implementing the code. But overall this is a very good course.
Great course, I'll definitely be taking the next one in the specialization! Some of the programming assignments seemed like the instructions gave away too many spoilers, but I suppose that's probably reasonable for the introductory course in the sequence.
An amazing self sufficient course which hides some of the underlying mathematics but I think It's okay   for a newbie who is just starting learning ML/Deep learning because anyway he/she can keep on exploring and learn the underlying principles later on.
I enjoyed this course very much, I would recommend doing the math to get the complete understanding of what is actually going on. Loved the course. Dr.Andrew does an amazing job explaining the concepts in details while not spoon feeding everything to us.
I really loved this course. It is the perfect introduction to Deep Learning for a person that feels comfortable with Math and Computer Science. The learning depth was enough and taught in a very easy way (taking into account the difficulty of this topic)
Loved the course! Very informative to understand what goes on at the heart of a Neural Network! Would have preferred the programming assignments to have fewer helper materials to encourage students to take notes, however. Overall, very smooth experience.
The course is very well taught. Kudos to Andrew Ng and all instructors for teaching so well and helping students on the forums. Great content, Coursera. Huge thanks for providing the Financial Aid and giving me the opportunity for learning from Andrew Ng
Excellent course. Andrew Ng is an outstanding tutor, who explains step by step from the basic to advanced formulation of neural network. In addition, python coding is carried on in a systematic and easy way to process the understanding of the algorithms.
The instructor is very knowledgeable about the topics, the way of his teaching is very nice . I understood a lot of notions and terminologies used in Deep Learning. The lectures are clear and satisfactory. Eagerly waiting to see the next upcoming courses
I think the tutorials is sufficient and I have learned a lot from this course. Although I didn't finish all the assignment in time. I try my best to catch up the course and finally finished it.Thanks for give me the chance to get into the new world of AI
Awesome course! It really takes you from the bottom up and gives you concrete understanding of how neural networks work and what happens under the hood. Thank you Prof. Ng! I am looking forward to doing my next course in the Deep Learning specialization.
I really had fun learning this course. I knew most of the subjects but I used to code with for-loops, vectorization in this course was the most helpful section and practicing it was very essential for me. Thank you Coursera for making this a possibility!
Excellent course content and arrangement, it is easy to follow and delivers the concepts in an easy to understand manner. The test exercises are well structured and provide a hands on experience of creating a deep neural network to classify cat images ;)
Exceptional Introduction to Deep Learning. 2 years after completing the Machine LEarning course from Andrew, it felt like catching up with an old friend. This is really amazing. My only development comment would be that the exercise are a bit too guided.
Excellent Course, explained so well. Dr. Anrew has made it so simple to understand! Contents were quite well organized and sufficient for learning. Exercises are also very good. This has motivated me to do the next course in Deep Learning Specialization.
The course is well prepared and executed. I was able to grasp the fundamentals quite well. However, if an advanced path could also be added which directs the students to read seminal research papers in the area would be good option to add. Thanks Andrew!
Good course, learn about the derivatives chain rule and how that relates to back propagation algorithm.If you want to understand the formulas of the derivatives, you must do the calculus yourself.Some ready-to-use Python implementations of an L-layer NN.
Great intro to deep neural networks.  Lectures were clear, especially liked the 'high level' explanations of the more complex calculus and linear algebra for non-calculus gurus.  The homework was about the right level and helped reinforce the key points.
It was my first course of this kind as i m from diff backgound.Still tutors way of explaining things was so interesting and easy that anyone can understand. I learnt a lot from this course and will try to impliment my learning in practical world as well
Good content presentation - simple and workable. The juniper notebook was at times giving trouble with connection issues and I had to reopen the assignment and run from the beginning to get to where I was, My week 4 first assignment has a grading error.
A very well-designed course that starts from the fundamental and concepts of logistic regression to two-layer neural network, and eventually to deep neural network. The programming exercises also step through these concepts to build them from ground up.
This has been a great course. I have also heard about Deep Learning and thought how could a machine learn on it's own. But this course has beautifully answered my hows and whys. This course was a great kick start  for me to start learning Deep Learning.
It is really a great course , with in-depth explanation , here you can learn to build everything from ground. The best thing about this course is the practice exercise , that it provides at the end week. These exercises actually strengthen you concepts.
Great course, I learned a lot.  I had previously took Andrew Ng's Stanford Intro to Artificial Intelligence Coursera course and this was a great followup.  I think it was easier to do this in Python (even though I'm new to Python) rather than in MatLab.
This is one of the best course I have taken and I can confidently recommend it to anyone. The theory well simplified for anyone to comprehend and the programming exercises and quizzes were awesome to aid comprehension. I look forward to the next course.
I learned more things than I though and just for that it's awesome. Often, when you pay for online courses, you learn less than expected. Here, it's the opposite. And thanks to Andrew Ng to speak slowly in this video for the non-native English speakers.
Very well designed course for people interested in Neural Networks and Deep Learning. The best parts are the assignments which explains you in practical how to achieve the theory learnt from sessions. I will definitely recommend this course to my peers.
Well paced, builds up and reinforces the course concepts so that by the end you have a solid understanding of the material. Does a great job of simplifying the maths but providing enough information for those so minded to work it through for themselves.
This introduction level course is extremely helpful to enhance your fundamental knowledge and skills in neural networks. It's easy to understand for people know nothing about NN, but also could be a quick review for experienced experts in deep learning.
Terrific course. Solid introduction to neural networks and deep learning. The course is paced well with appropriate quizzes and programming assignments.Programming assignments are well setup with ample notes and student forums to help with any problems.
I think it is a great course for beginners and it does help you to understand what's going behind the scenes of different activation functions, backpropagation etc. I would gladly recommend it to anyone who wants to start learning about neural networks.
This is the best introduction to neural nets you will find, I've done a few of them. By the end of the course you have built a python based neural net, including backprop, which can be applied to any number of layers and neurons. A great tool in itself.
The profundity of this course is achieved with breathtaking lightness. I really love the programming assignment, and at the same time, Andrew gives us some useful programming tips. Great course, if there is more mathematical proof that would be awesome!
The course is really well-planned as an introduction to Deep Learning. The vexplanations of Andrew are the best, clear, straightforward and always saying what is advisable to remember and what are extra (but interesting) details. Totally recommendable.
Its been an incredible journey to complete - DeepLearning Specialization by attaining the series of all 5 top-notch courses. My special thanks to the Andrew Ng and his team for designing the best course for improving deeplearning skills. Thanks a lot!!
A perfect introduction to the world of Deep Learning. The course is the right mix of lectures, quizzes, and assignments. It is not so easy that one can just sail through the course and at the same time is not so tough that one cannot finish the course.
The course was clearly designed to understand forward propagation and backward propagation algorithm. The practice assignments helped us to implement the algorithm in code starting from scratch. Overall, a must to do to start in field of deep learning.
For understanding what actually goes on at the back end of Neural networks and not just assume it's magic this is a Top course. Only one suggestion would be to add an intro to Tensorflow after we completed implementation of Neural Networks by ourselves
Challenging, but doable given the structure. I would have preferred a lecture solely on neural network application example (real life) so I can continue to get motivation and understanding on how helpful learning this skill with be to me in the future.
Excellent course!   Great teaching, logical topic sequencing, and very well prepared materials (Jupyter notebooks, tasks cadence, quality of the assignments).  I have already recommended this course to several friends.   BTW, great value for the money!
The course was amazing. I was close to giving up when I started week 2 but after one week being late. I decided to try again. The programming assignments will walk you through the problems. If you can read and have some intuition don't give up to soon.
This was one of the best courses i have ever done , and i am happy that i did it..It is very knowledgeable and the tutor for this course is also excellent.I would highly recommend this course to everyone who wants to start studying into deep learning.
Great course! I would prefer that all the videos be perfect rather than having to read a note about how a small mistake was made in a few videos (but it didn't affect the quality of the videos in any substantial way, so it's not worth removing a star)
Thanks go to Andres Ng.  Neural networks and deep learning gave me the immense opportunity to explore the world of supercomputing power and the new way of recognizing the thing. I will be using the skills acquired in this course in my doctoral career.
Hii, I think this course give us a view how to use a neural network also more importantly by using some libraries rather than tensorflow or keras.So, it makes the concept very much clear.No doubt, it is very much nice and interesting and eassy course.
This course is really helpful to understand the underlining structures and intuitions of neural networks.It would be great if Andrew can also provide lecture notes after each week's content (the same one as he provided in the Machine Learning course)!
Best beginner's course on neural networks ever, taught by one of the greatest men in this field, divided into small, understandable lectures, challenging notebooks with ample support materials and great sets of quizzes. Couldn't ask for anything more.
I was longing to learn deep learning from Andrew NG and the course was helpful for me to get my fundamentals right and introduced me to the application.Now I can do better to understand my Final Year project and do a lot better. My sincere gratitude!!
This introductory course is so great I can't put it in words, everyone interested in Neural Networks must check this out, discussion forum is almost perfect, the support is outstanding, TAs are passionate and Python implementations are so instructive.
The course is good for beginners and experienced learners. It is not easy to complete the assignment and quiz as if we understand the concepts mathematically, i.e., formulae.  It's good to update the refresh the knowledge for the experienced learners.
Great course by Prof Ng. I had taken his Machine Learning course a few years ago, so expected high standards of content and assignment preparation - I was not disappointed. Staff is very responsive and helpful in forums as well. I highly recommend it.
This course is awesome. It helped me in understanding neural network from scratch with mathematical intuitions. The assignments were added advantage of this course. They helped me in learning python implementation of various neural network algorithms.
Completing machine learning course prior to this course will be a good support to understand the concepts of this course. Programming assignments are structured with a good guidance and covering all the steps of building a neural network from scratch.
This is as good as it gets. I never thought this could be so easy to understand and implement. A courses true merit is in taking the complexity of the course and still achieving the desired results. This course does exactly that. DEFINITELY RECOMMEND.
Explicitly explain what is neural network and deep learning. Integrate mathematics and programming very well. You get more comprehensive understanding if you are comfortable with basic algebra and matrix calculation and have some experience in Python.
The course provided a full filling learning experience. I learnt a lot thanks to the concise and properly segmented video lectures with immediate hands-on practice. I am really really thankful to Coursera and deeplearning.ai for providing this course!
This course gives me a rough sketch of the neural network from the basic theoretical level. I believe that after the next four courses will make me more proficient in the use of neural networks, including advanced methods such as pooling layer in CNN.
I really enjoyed Andrew'Ng lessons, it is not extremely fast (especially on calculus) but very quickly you find yourself handling relatively non obvious matters like the n layer deep neuron networks in a very clean implementation, I really appreciated
As usual, the way the course is presented is astonishing. But,  before attempting this course, you should first familiarize yourself with fundamentals of Python (by  University of Michigan), and Machine Learning (by Professor Ng, Stanford University).
Very informative and thorough go through for the entire concepts. Sir Andrew, also keeps on informing about the market trends for choosing an option over another and why that option is possibly better. Really liked it and highly recommendable. Thanks.
Simply fascinated by the way Math/Calculus works. Even after solving derivatives by hand and implementing the logic in python, still, sometimes I have to mentally pinch myself to make sure that I am living in the reality. Great Job Deep Learning team!
Inspiring course. It is somehow a condensed version of the Machine Learning course by Andrew Ng with Python/Numpy as state-of-the-art tools. Hope that the following courses in this DL specialisation keeps on with the pace and TensorFlow gets its part.
I think this is a great next step from the original course. There is some overlap, but there was enough new for me to make it well worth the time and money. I love that it's in Python. Looking forward to the rest of the courses in this specialization.
Really enlightening and insightful experience for a seeker of deep learning covering all the concepts minutely along with exciting exercises and lucid programming examples to help build a grasp on the basics of neural networking and its fundamentals.
This course is challenging to me but the videos and the assignments are presented very clearly and reasonably. Thanks to Andrew and the mentors. I learn a lot and I hope my continued learning in the later courses can help me to solve my real problem.
This course gives me a clear idea about neural networks. Explanations and assignments were excellent. I learned a lot from the assignments. Some basic knowledge of Machine learning and basic python programming might be a prerequisite for this course.
This was such an amazing experience. I had watched a few videos on Logistic Regression by Professor Andrew on Youtube. His explanations helped me understand concepts then, now and I know it will, in the future too. Excited to take up the next course.
Really well laid out and explained content. Gives a deep fundamental understanding of the topics at hand. Assignments are a bit too easy due to the extensive documentation, which could be made a bit more challenging.Had a great time doing the course!
Excellent course to gain in-depth knowledge of neural network.  The lecture and programming assignments are well structured.  I learned so much from the basic concept to the core technology of neural network.   Professor Andrew Ng is truly inspiring.
Excellent supplement to the machine learning course on coursera from Stanford online. High level of quality in terms of practical applications and detailed understanding of deep neural networks. Curious to follow-up the second course on deeplearning!
It is a great course and learnt a lot. I spent so much time and effort for Python notations. It is a prerequisite to learn Python to get much more benefit from deep learning many thanks to community and great mentors which makes the life easier. 🙏😊
This course is compatible with beginners. Even though to learn Neural Networks and Deep Learning needs a huge amount of knowledge, Professor Andrew Ng explained the details very carefully that makes the lecture to be understood easily.  Thanks a lot.
Very Straight forward and easy to understand. Not too much in depth explanations (which is a plus in this case). If you want to understand the exact maths behind everything then maybe look at another course. But definitely a fantastic place to start.
This course talks about deep learning and shallow and deep neural networks. It makes me better understand the differences of concepts about neural networks in machine learning and deep learning. It also helps me review the knowledge about derivation.
I had started my journey into deep learning as a noob and now i feel confident of the concepts that I've been developing over time. This is the first time I could be confident while answering the questions. All thanks to the best professor Andrew Ng.
Andrew and team put together such a great resource. I am an machine learning engineer and thought I would just go through this courses to familiar with the terminology in English, but I learned so much more than I expected. Andrew is a great teacher.
I have previous experience of implementing Neural Networks from scratch. But this course really changes the game with its simplicity and the way Andrew Ng presents not so trivial concepts in a simple way. Very informative and highly suggested course.
Great introductory course on neural nets, it gets you all needed technical background for building your own neural net and also it gives you an intuition behind the important concepts as activation function, weights, neurons hierarchy  and many more.
I'll give the course 5, myself 4.  I took A. Ng's earlier Machine Learning course which covered neural networks.  This treatment was better still than what was done in that course.  That it was done using Python instead of Octave made it even better.
Excellent course!! Mathematics behind the neural network is explained nicely. Smart selection of notation, this helps to simplify the equations. Andrew Ng's  teaching style is great, also the staff who structured the assignments have done great job.
Really amazing for building deeper foundations of deep learning. Andrew Ng really makes things easy to learn and understand for others. Andrew Ng is really great at teaching. I'm really happy to take this course and will recommend others to take it.
Dr Ng is a great teacher. I wish I could have done better in the beginning, but I am new to Python and Deep Learning. Anyway, I will complete all courses and hope to get much better at this stuff. Thank you, everyone, at Coursera. Thank you so much.
The course videos, quizzes and the programming assignments are excellently curated. The way things are explained esp. in the notebooks of the programming assignments is simply excellent. Thank You for being highly sincere while designing the course.
Andrew Ng is one of the best tutors I have ever known. He teaches each concepts with an example. Only through his course, we could get the intention behind certain concepts that we already came across during our school days. He is such a genius!!!!!
Very great introduction. Implementation of deep neural networks from scratch is something very few courses offer. This was the best course that taught deep networks in depth. Intuitions are great. Programming exercises are well thought and prepared.
Great lectures and easy way to teach the calculus part about derivatives/gradients. The content seems a little difficult in the beginning but as you move into the programming exercises it becomes "natural" to proceed deeper and deeper in the course.
Very good! Introduces you to some of the math behind the models, which is key to become a pro. On the other hand, the tests and assignments have some level of difficulty, which makes it mandatory to really study the contents.Great course altogether.
For me was hard to understand idea from first part of cource, plus I didn't work with python before (JS, C#, Java). So I read additional books and remembered my university course in mathematics, but after that was quite pretty to study and practice.
It's a really good course. I had taken this course after finishing Machine Learning - Stanford University Course and it really helped me understand the concepts better. I'm very excited to start the next course, (i.e) Improving Deep Neural Networks.
A must watch for Neural Nets Aspirants!! EXCELLENT!!I had also watched the Machine Learning course by Andrew Ng and that made Neural Networks seem so complicated, but with this course, the explanation is so clear and easy. Simply loved this course!!
Andrew Ng provided another great course. It exposes you to the essential ideas and mathematics behind neural networks and deep learning while not overwhelming you with the details. Looking forward to completing the following courses in the sequence.
Great and very informative. I have learned a lot about neural networks that I didn't know before and this has definitely improved my machine learning skill. I recommend this course to all who want to sharpen or even learn and practice deep learning.
It's a very good an doable introduction to deep learning. There may be a gap between the linear algebra presented in the lectures and what's actually needed in completing the "fill in" type programming exercises, which tended to be less challenging.
This is a great course! I have the mathematical foundation for the deep learning theory. This course provided me with the programmatic methodology for deep learning implementation. Now I feel comfortable applying it to any other problem or use case.
This is a course for those who do not just want to know how to use a neural network, but also want to know how and why they work. The course is well structured and the assignments manage to teach key skills without being overwhelming. Thanks Andrew!
I am very grateful to the course instructor for giving a detailed intuition behind the working of Neural Networks and providing programming assignments to help us build the practical knowledge and apply the knowledge attained to build apllications.
Overall the course was extraordinary. It helped me understand propagations deeply. the only thing which I think lacks is the interaction and understanding of theoretical data in terms of programming language. This is very helpful in job interviews.
Very detailed lectures on the basic of neural network along side with programming. Before the programming exercises, I was given a fairly solid ground to stand on, mathematically speaking. That helped a lot while reasoning my way through the codes.
A very well structured course that goes into detail how neural nets learn. I learned a ton of details from this course and will continue to do so in coming courses. Also, Andrew's enthusiasm to teach helped me stay motivated to learn and work hard.
This is the best course to learn deep learning, highly recommended to anyone with basic knowledge of python. Very intuitive way to learn, charismatic professor and great practical work, which lets you really understand fully whole material. Thanks!
In total a very good course. Explanations are very straightforward and kept just as complicated as necessary. However personally at some points I missed some mathematical depth, but I think this also not the claim within the field of deep learning.
Very interesting, provides enough hands on exercises at the end of each units and lectures are good.It would have been nice to correct minor mistakes in videos instead of making a notice before though.Looking forward course 2 of the specialization!
Amazing course. All concepts are taught till considerable depth, all underlying mathematics is also taught loved this about it. Distribution into weeks is really amazing. This course and this specialization is the best among the courses I have seen
I liked Prof. Ng's teaching style. His explanations are very clear. Especially interesting were the "Heroes of Deep Learning" interviews. The programming assignments were well-prepared and thoroughly improved my understanding of the subject matter.
It was wonderful experience. I have started Neural Networks with coursera. I am new to Deep learning & now I have built confidence to pursue this interested field. I am not going to stop now. Thanks Andrew NG for making such well structured course.
I truly recommend this course. I am very new to the whole field of AI and i chose this as my first course in the matter. It really helped me gain a bigger perspective. Everything is very simplified and I was guided in every step through the course.
This is an excellent course for getting introduced to Neural networks and deep learning. I especially liked the assignments. They are not that complex but explains the concepts pretty well with very high quality jupiter notebooks. Excellent Stuff!!
This course offered well deliberated inputs for first time learner on Deep learning. Great overview and even more impressive way of presenting complex theoretical concepts in a compelling and easy to understand manner.Totally recommend this course!
This is the best course which I had from coursera. Thanks to Andrew NG for such course where we get the deep understanding behind the working of neural network. This course taught me to make neural network from scratch by just using numpy library.
A brilliant course by Andrew Ng. Andrew finds the importance in understanding the Math involved in the Deep Learning algorithms which most of the courses miss out. Audio could be improved. There were instances where I had to turn on the subtitles.
Learning Deep Learning and Neural Networks from Andrew sir is so great.he makes each and every concept of DL so easy to understand. Andrew sir you are the best! This course is also well designed and good practice through its programming exercises!
Great course. Covers a lot of content and walks you through how to use it. It covers the theory and mathematics to a good degree and makes it not scary. Great exercises. The videos lengths are concise and there is no waffle. I highly recommend it.
Nice Concise introduction to Neural Networks. Toy examples to grasp matrix operations would have been awesome and would've further reinforced the understanding. Overall it's a very good intro to anyone who wants to venture into Deep Learning space
The course was designed well to for anyone to start with neural networks from the scratch.  And each week's videos were in depth and explained well by Prof.. Assignments were designed well to ensure we get good experience on python implementation.
One of the aptest courses on DL, especially the assignments where you actually get to build a NN from scratch with all the concepts learned in the course. I strongly recommend this course to anyone who wants to get a very good intuition on NN & DL
As a beginner in deep learning, I found that this  course is intuitive and  very structured, it actually make you understanding concepts in deep learning and the theory behind rather than just applying the algorithms, so thank you million times :)
I feel really appreciate to have this class which helps me to have a basic understanding of nueral networks and deep learning. It's amazing and wonderful when I learned how to write codes.  Andrew Ng's course is really great!  Thank you very much！
The course is the perfect way to start Deep Learning, the concepts covered are introduced keeping in mind that any person can learn from this course. The programming exercise is the heart of this course. Please do all of them with all seriousness.
This course was my first step into the world of deep learning and neural network and it turned out to be an excellent learning experience. Lot of niche features being explained with ease and practical implementation helps understand topics better.
This course is a great introduction to deep learning. It's detailed and the programming assignments are really useful. It doesn't depend on your understanding of math, but having a mathematical background would help you get a deeper understanding.
Love this course so much. I was a total newbee of AI/deep learning. Just after one month learning, I have bee full fascinated by the concepts and the learning materials. Also thanks for Andrew making this course such insightful. I will keep going.
Good course and great explanations of concepts in the videos. I felt the programming courses held your hand a bit too much at times, but by the end I felt I could go and build my own neural net from scratch by referring back to my own assignments.
A very efficient and clear online course, good for deep learning beginner like me. They assignments are not that hard(maybe too much cues are provided). Many thanks to Andrew and all TAs, looking forward to the Convolutional Neural Network course.
Great course! Provides an comprehensive, detailed yet easy-to-understand description of Deep Learning Networks. The quizzes and Programming Assignments are thoughtfully designed to facilitate a deeper understanding of the application of concepts!
The course was very helpful in introducing to the world of Neural nets. The focus on the mathematics behind the models to have a fundamental understanding is really good. The programming assignments were very useful as well as concise and clearn.
Actually, it's quite easy for me because I've already learned about it before, but this course offers me a different view, which is very inspiring. I am an image processing researcher, and this time I decide to study deep learning systematically.
I sincerely thank Dr. Andrew Ng and his team for putting so much effort to make such high quality online courses. The learning experience is the best I have ever had and I look forward to more of their courses.In one word this course is "PERFECT"
That's really a fantastic course I've ever taken on Coursera. Andrew Ng gradually illustrates the theory of deep learning from a single neural network logistic regression to building a L-layer neural network. That's impressive and helps me a lot.
I enjoyed to programming assignments a lot. They are intuitive and avoid waisting time searching for nifty details. Some might say these assignments are easy. However, there purpose is to learn the structure of the model, which it does perfectly.
The videos are very good, but this course is not for beginners about Machine learning and Deep learning because it contains many math and statistic terms, algorithms.The practice assignments with Notebooks are cool with really helpful guidelines.
This course gives a good understanding of the very very basic concepts of Deep Learning. It's an excellent course for a newbie like me. Andrew Ng clearly explains concepts like gradient descent and I never felt the need to go revisit my calculus.
The course is very easy to follow. It peals the complex problem of deep learning layer by layer to the basic steps. Working through the basic steps of building a deep learning model really helped my understanding of the neural network algorithm.
This course gave me a good understanding of how to build shallow and deep neural nets from the scratch. Prof, Ng is an excellent teacher. Doing the homework assignments and quizzes gave me the confidence that I understood the concepts very well.
I really enjoyed this course on neural networks and deep learning. Through this course I have got a very strong intiuition about deep neural networks and I really want to thank the instructor Andrew Ng for explaining all the concept really well.
This course is amazing even for beginners. Initially its tough to grasp the concepts and notation all at once but with perseverance it can be done.  Also the way the course and the assignment are structured is what makes this course outstanding.
This very basic course opened my eyes towards deep learning.  Only of the best course that explain deep learning concepts. Note: It is only for concept and understanding them with code. In real time we will not be using numpy for deep learning .
i really like that course , it is totally different from what i got in the university, lot of details and lot of assignment and that is the best part , even i thought sometimes i'm totally lost but the instructor is handling it in the next video
Really insightful course. As a data science practitioner, getting back to the roots of the linear algebra and calculus was scary at first, but Andrew Ng's explanation of it all makes it so much easier! Must recommend for beginners/intermediates.
The course is very useful for folks who are beginners in machine learning as it teaches from the scratch and in a very simple way. It is a must-do course for all ML enthusiasts seeking. Thanks to Andrew Ng and all the instructors for creating it
Excellent video lectures. The assignments were a little too hand-held for me, but that is probably best for true beginners. Though a lot of the course's content was review to me, it solidified my understanding and intuition behind deep learning.
This was my first neural networks and deep learning course and I really enjoyed it. Although it was sometimes hard to follow during the lectures, the assignments always helped clarifying my problems. I'm excited to continue with the next course!
Just Outstanding. Starting from basics and guiding through the tough calculations, and giving a very good insight of the neural networks , this is truly an important course to clear the basics and mathematical calculations of the neural networks
Amazing! I finally learnt what I've been trying to learn in campus for the last 5 years. Simply incredible! Andrew Ng's way of explaining the workings of a Neural Net is genius. Listening to the guest speakers was also very valuable. Loved this!
This is really what I needed. Beginners course for techies. Not too shallow for dummies, but also not too advanced for AI professionals. I would advise taking this course for anyone who starts seriously working on the Deep Learning technologies.
Really enjoyed this course! I took an AI class for my undergrad and it was very similar to this. Enjoy knowing that coursera offers classes similar to what a student would take at a college level!I do wish there was a book instead of videos.....
Very curated and well prepared awesome course. It drives you in having 'hand-on' experience and real instruments to build your deep neural network providing intuition on mathematics behind without requiring to have a in depth calculus knowledge.
I had no experice of Neural Networks and python programming. I only have some experience in C++ and MATLAB programming. After this course, I understand the basic idea of NN and fiinish all the coursework aid by the guilding lines. Learned a lot!
Very grateful. Learnt the fundamentals about neural nets and deep nets. Was glad Andrew explained the nomenclature as well, why deep and neural nets are called so. The assignments were very helpful in driving the lecture  points home. Thank you!
love this course, big fans of Andrew.The structure of this course is absolutely clear and the reviews of each week are very intuitive.And the programming assignments are even more intuitive!look forward to enroll the next course of deeplearning!
Great course. Andrew's lectures are great, and homework is very applied. However, I was a bit frustrated with how structured the homework is. I wanted to prove I could implement independently (although I supposed I could go try and do that now.)
Highly recommended for those who are interested in DeepLearning.The  lectures are very engaging and doing assignments gives concrete understanding of the concepts.I thank Andrew Ng sir for his vivid explanation and intuition of complex concepts
Great course. I think some more details about how to handle cache during back propagation could be added, here most of the students have felt uncomfortable. I thank coursera team, Mr Andrew and his team to make such a wonderful course.Thank You
This is place is one stop for all the Neural Network you would like to learn. I have gone through enough videos online but nothing is better than this course. Prof. Andrew is the best in his way of explaining the concepts in a programmatic way.
The course started from scratch that is from single layer network  followed by two layer network and finally deep neural network.so, by the end of specialization I have successfully learned to implement neural network to classification problems
Pleasantly and clearly presented by the instructor.  Appropriately repetitive for those of us who have to re-find aged matrix skills. The notebook assignments are an excellent introduction to the relationship between concept and real processes.
Very good class because the Prof, Andrew 's pronunciation is good for me and so With the digital note, it make our study easier and the equation and the mathmatical thing is also useful. and I've never seen things like this class. I'm satisfied
This course is very helpful and very suitable for beginners. The lecture of Andrew is very clear and easy to follow. And the programming assignment has very high quality. It makes you from the high-level of theory to the foundation of practice.
It is a great course which covers fundamentals. Many hints are given to the assignments so students can finish the assignments as long as spending time understanding the materials. The amount of work is right for people who have full time jobs.
A very strong building block for the one who wanna know Neural Network seriously!!not just plug and play stuff. i wonder how Prof Ng present complex thing seem easily for everyone all you want just basic Machine Learning and High School Math!!!
For each for the lab exercise linking to the relevant Python pages would have helped.  For example basic Python operations (e.g. Arrays, Dictionary, tuples), the info on excellent numpy and pandas would have been helpful to beginners in Python.
I like how Andrew teach us the way of thinking about deep learning, I learn a-lot although I still have no idea for how to implement all of this into my real life but I believe with what Andrew teach can help me when my life reach that point =D
Well done!!! Probably the most intuitive and well structure MOOC I have done on deep learning so far. Moreover, exercices are efficient (i.e. no waste of time guess what they want) and don't take longer than what has been annouced. Many thanks!
This course totally simplifies the machine learning course by Stanford University. Some Neural network and python numpy library knowledge will let anyone take this course and this could be the best start for anyone interested in deep learning.
Great Course for someone who has an interest in DL and wants to learn how to work with Neural Networks. This is a very good introduction to Deep Learning. The Interviews with the Heroes of DL also gave a lot of insight to the current research.
I have previously  used  tensorflow to build DNNs but the programming assignments of this course helped me greatly to understand neural networks in depth. This also gives a very informative intuition for all the algorithms used to make the DNN
Even though I had a good background in Machine Learning, this  course helped me  to understand several concepts in a better and clear manner. The programming assignments are also pretty good in testing the knowledge gained throughout the week,
Amazing course to start your Journey into Deep Learning. Prof. Andrew Ng's intutions about lot of complex mathematics are just amaing and really easy to understand. The course has really helped me in uderstanding a basic ANN arcticture deeply.
This course does an amazing job of teaching some of the principles of designing Artificial Neural Networks. The instructors are insightful and knowledgeable, and the videos are incredibly intuitive. A must for those interested in these fields.
wonderful course , created interest towards calculus, interviews with hero's of deep learning motivated me a lot to go through difficult parts of calculus and to understand basics of deep neural nets. Hoping to complete remaining courses soon.
Awesome class with a lot of Python-based programming exercises.I know there are so many good libraries on feedforward neural networks, but once in a life time, you should be able to implement it on your own - This is the right course for that!
Once again, Prof. Ng shares his deep knowledge and gentle mathematical overview around Neural Networks, why and how they work, and useful programming assignments in Python. Highly recommended for any ML/AI researcher, student and practitioner!
The best course of introduction to deep learning i've ever take. The professor Andrew is excelent explaining these topics and gives us a very good intuition and understanding of the neural networks models and the algebra associated with them.
The videos are very useful in understanding Neural networks. There wasnt much of a struggle in finding the required documentation/information whenever needed. The assignments and quizzes proved to be helpful in grading myself after each week.
Excellent lectures and coding practices with elaborated diagrams.  Very easy to understand and touch the important contents of NN.  Hopefully more details in optional math video for people who wants to explore deeper.  Overall, like it a lot!
Good introduction to the basics of creating your own deep learning model without using any frameworks. Provides intuitions and explanations for all the formulas used so you can really understand why it is done like that. Amazing lecturer too.
Difficult subject taught in an extremely easy and interesting approach. Programming assignments are created in a very organized manner so that learners can understand many underlying concepts easily and gradually increase their learning rate.
Incredible course, as usual when Andrew Nag. is the teacher! Everything so clear, good math background to understand how it all works instead of just applying, and funny! I strongly recommend it to anyone who is interested in neural networks.
The way the course is structured and how Andrew teachs are amazing, you really can combine teory and practice to learning about neural network and deep learning. For those of you that want to go deep in this subject, this course is mandatory.
Great course, really accessible. All you need is a basic understanding of coding concepts and machine learning (at its base), and the course will lead you through everything.Great balance between theoretical background and coding assignments.
This tutorial is really very good. Each concept has been explained clearly. And it is very important to do the assignment, which can help us to understand the course. I strongly recommend those who are interested in AI to addend this course .
The best course on Coursera. Dr.Ng is amazing, and I want to learn more from him. People who are interested in deep learning should take this course, very clear and accurate explanation about every theory and detail. Love the course so much!
Very good course. It goes through all the essential elements about Deep Learning with a good guidance and makes easy to understand all the process. Of course, having such an extense and detailed practical part is a key feature of the course.
It has been an amazing journey! I recommend this course for people who like challenges and who seek for simple and clear explanations for complicated tasks. This course has a very good structure, interesting lectures and inspiring exercises.
A brief and precise intro to deep learning , If you want more of concept than programming then this is the best course to go for. Andrew as always keeps rocking with a stunning course hoping to go for the second course of this specialization
This course has helped me clear a lot of misconceptions about neural networks and taught me a lot about deep learning and I am really thankful to Andrew for the same. I am more than excited to go for the next course under the specialization.
Great Course!!! I was able to complete in 1 week while still on free trial. I took a lot of handwritten notes and i will keep them with me as long as I'm working in this field. Thank you so much to the people at coursera and deeplearning.ai.
The course has sufficient workload to keep a novice programmer (like me) engaged. It's not too dense and not too light. The mentors are active in the discussion forum (which is a key point) and they help you get through the course with ease.
Very good introduction and foundation for Deep Learning.The programming exercises are too easy in my opinion, because you only have to fill in some lines.The focus of this course is not programming. It's more about how Neural Networks works.
It is a very well curate course course to step into the field of deep learning with good hands on exercises. The professor addresses basic but very useful details with great simplicity that helps a lot in learning and retaining the concepts.
This course is really good for the people who wants to learn deep learning from basic.This really helped me to get a start in deep learning.All the excercise are very well designed and easy to understand and implement. thanks for this course
I like Andrew Ng's teaching style! I learned a lot from his lectures. The most precious thing is that he is willing to share what he has known with people all over the world. I wish his autonomous car business in Texas to be a great success!
Great course, Andrew Ng is just the best teacher for NN and machine learning. Assignments and quiz too easy, probably i will struggle on the implementing it on my own. But is common to MOOC so definitely the best deep learning MOOC out there
Excellent introduction to Deep Learning. Andrew's didactic approach allows everyone to get to know the topic. Just two ideas how to improve this course: I would find it helpful if I could download lecture slides and access written summaries.
Great introduction to Neural Networks with well balanced theory and practice. Although quite complex in places (i.e. back-propagation derivatives) it is well explained and  thoughtfully laid out to build on the concepts learnt. Great course!
Excellent course. I learnt to establish a deep network from scratch. This is a good learning method to have a deep understanding of the principle of DNNs. This also helps us to know how to use high level tools such as tensorflow and pytorch.
I really enjoyed this excellent course. This introduction to deep learning is very well-structured with practicing developing modular Python NN code by reusing building blocks.  Prof. Andrew Ng teaching style is second to none.  Many thanks!
Best Course on Neural Networks, the topics are structured so well, it's possible to understand and implement a neural network from scratch during a weekend!! Andrew doesn't drown you in lots of unnecessary details and focuses on the essence.
A fantastic introduction to Deep Learning. The instructor does a great job at introducing the concepts little by little, letting you implement the main concepts of deep learning, while not throwing you into the entire code set from scratch.
I was into machine learning and I didn't understood well how a neural network worked and what were the differences between NN and ML, this course opened my eyes and now I feel confident about how an L-layer Neural Network works from behind.
I never thought I could build a deep NN ground up without the help of built-in libraries. Surely helped my intuition and understanding the key concepts really well. Thanks a lot Andrew for explaining things with so much attention to detail.
This course gives you the understanding of the frameworks for Deep Neural Networks (DNN), and shows the disadvantages of using them. The course does this by giving a perspective the DNN's do a good job, but they have some downfalls as well.
This is an excellent course with a good balance between theory, examples, and assignments. I'm very new to this field, but I feel more equipped now to understand some of the jargon and ideas behind deep learning. Thank you, Andrew and team!
Professor Andrew Ng is a legend! I understood Forward and Backward propagation well now.There is a lot of drama out there - linking Neural Nets with Brain - This is really not appropriate and Professor clearly explained the concepts. Thanks
Learning how to train and test a simple neural network in python can be done using Tensorflow, Keras, etc. But the fact that in this course we learnt this using pure python was, in my opinion, the best part of the course. Thanks, everybody!
Andrew is a really awesome teacher that walks you through all the details of the theories. He also provides heaps of intuitions to help you understand the model from an easy angle. Don't be intimidated by the math and start this course now!
Very good course to get started using deep learning and remember this course is just to give an understanding of a simple deep neural network which is essential and all the assignments are practical and you can start using them in real life
I'd highly recommend this or the vanilla ML course with Andrew Ng. There is a bit of a math hump to get through before it all starts to make sense. I'd recommend repeating the math in the lectures until the each variable becomes 2nd nature.
Professor Andrew Ng  is Awesome person. I never loss my interest in the course. This course is very well ordered. I never find any of the assignment too difficult after watching the lecture videos. I really thank him for making this course.
Explains well the basic concepts of neural network and deep learning. Since the assignments' codes provide already a clear data set, you won't get to learn how to set up your train set, test set, etc which I personally think is fundamental.
Thanks to all authors for the course! The material is easy to understand even without any serious skills. After the course I got very good understanding of Deep Learning basics and I'm loking forward for the next course to get more details.
Intuitive and rewarding introduction to Neural Networks. Leaves you with huge appetite for the next 4 courses. Many thanks to Professor Ng and his team for putting this together!Thanks Coursera for making this available, keep the good work!
Amazing job guys! keep that spirit! This course is recommended for anybody, even those already working in deep learning will find something  interesting, success hides in little things, and with this course you would cover ALL those things.
Andrew is a great lecturer, as he is clearly very experience in this field and his enthusiasm for the subject is contagious. The exercises were both fun and highly educational, if perhaps a bit on the easier side. All in all a great course.
A very good introduction to neural networks and deep learning.  It's approachable, yet has enough depth to provide an intuitive understanding of how neural networks are constructed, function, and how they fit into the task of deep learning.
Fun course...it makes sense for it to be the first course.Overall I really enjoyed the series, but I have to say the Professor Ng's Stanford course made a world of difference.  I recommend it for anyone looking to learn or go deeper in ML.
I really liked this course. Good explanation in videos, but the most of material i learned during practice in jupiternotebook. Great program assignments, there are a lot of explanations what each part of code does, this helps a lot. Thanks
An exceptionally well organized course which never loses its interest even for a single moment. I am totally a fan of Andre NG and love his brevity and clarity which he express-fully uses to make the course stimulating. Thank you coursera.
Great course which gives me an in-depth understanding of deep neural networks and deep learning processes. The course is not hard, but very informative and easy to understand. The "Heroes in machine learning" interviews are very inspiring.
This course is really valuable! Although I got few Deep Learning knowledge before taking this course, the thorough explanation by Andrew and the exercises have helped me more familiar with the implementation details. Strongly recommend it!
Great step by step instructions, the videos can be on the dry side at times, but taught very concisely, and I found the programming exercises very informative, not too frustrating or too easy (for someone who isn't familiar with the topic)
The course assists in developing an understanding of neural networks. The course covers basic concepts and implementation of neural networks. It is definitely a great course if one wishes to learn about neural networks and its application.
Though a little heavy on mathematics, the course materials helped me understand the basic concepts well. The interviews with the Heros were very motivating  and encourages research in AI. Thank you very much, Andew Ng and your team members
A great way to dive into Deep Learning. The course not difficult and it gives a great introduction as to how neural networks work. If you're like me and like to understand the theory before learning any framework I definitely recommend it.
This is a good introduction of deep learning. I can understand what is deep learning. The good point is that the instructor explains the procedure of deep learning by using mathematical language. This leads to a clear understanding for me.
Really cool series of lectures, especially explanations and implementation guidelines on backpropagation and gradient descent method. Wish more and more courses been added on more recent neural networks, such as GAN, Transformers, and etc.
Assignments really helped me to get into the nitty gritty of the  internal deep learning layers  . How the  nodes , activation functions , Weights and biases  , forward & backward propagation  works together to achieve the desired result .
There are a lot of deep learning videos on the internet, but to really learn how to build one is not easy. I like the arrangement of the materials and the step-by-step Jupyter homework. These are really helpful for learning implementation.
Coming from Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course, I already knew the superb quality of his lectures. Once again, this course exceeded my expectations. It is outstanding and a must if you want to learn the "hows" and "whys" of Deep Learning.
Great course! Good idea to break down the complexity of NeuralNets implementation into meaningful  building blocks to see how they fit together. Also, the exercise of implementing Regression with a Neural Net mind help connecting concepts.
Extremely good course. Prof. Ng takes you from the very basics to quite advanced concepts in a very logical and easy to understand set of steps. He is a great teacher!It does help a lof if you are familiar with python and especially numpy.
thank you for providing us with this very high quality course if you want to learn deep learning , you should start hereI  suggest to complete the first three weeks of machine learning course for same instructor before starting this course
A well structured course with clear explanation of Deep Learning and Neural Network concepts. It is well paced and I find great value in this course. I highly recommend it for those doing any kind of Neural Network and Deep Learning tasks.
Andrew is a great professor! I love the decent notations, step-by-step derivation of formulas and very clear instruction on implementing the core stuff of neural network and the professor's comments on stuffs. A great course for beginners.
A great course with summarized content as possible as it can be and besides containing all that is necessary to learn to be able to build a Neural Network. Thanks to Andrew and all the people working in the deeplearning.ai ^^Best regards.
Best course for anybody looking to start their career in Ai. Andrew Ng is a great teacher and I always enjoyed his teaching methods. Complex concepts were explained in a systematic and simple manner.  I would highly recommend this course!
Great course for understanding the fundamentals of how neural networks work and their possible applications. I was expecting the coding to be harder, but the assigments give you enough information to figure out the solutions. Recommended.
Neat and to the point! This course is well built for any student (beginner or not) to grasp. The steps on building a neural network are so clear and fine tuned. This course helped me get a much more lucid perspective on the field. Cheers!
Course was perfect. Scalable on how deep to dive in. Effort was perfectly estimated. Material could be used on mobile. Interest on further courses is given. The only thing I missed is a script I can later use on get the information again.
Very detailed and very structured.  Easy for students to follow.  It would have been even better if we have an opportunity to work on an additional project where there is minimal guidance.  I would definitely recommend this to my friends!
This is an excellent course. The only reason that I didn't give it five stars is it could have been very beneficial to show more visualizations of the code running in the week 2 assignment. It could have made things much more interesting.
instructions were clear and concise. while assumptions on students' mathematical familiarity was not emphasised, the prompts and guides within the programming assignments were logical and progressive to enable hands-on approach to coding.
I loved the way course was structured. It wasn't too deep or shallow(no pun intended). Andrew is an amazing teacher and I liked the way he thinks of deep learning. Assignments were great to make you learn in detail. Excellent overall !!!!
This course has strengthen many of my concepts regarding python,  neural networks, the math behind back propagation, and deep learning in general. I would highly recommend this course to every ambitious aspiring machine learning engineer.
Its the best course on Deep Learning available on internet to learn from Scratch to advanced level.The programming assignments are structured excellently & makes the concepts behind neural networks clear.Thanks to Coursera & Andrew ng Sir
Excellent introduction into the mechanics of neural nets, and deep learning.  I am now able to discuss hyper parameters, something before this course I knew zero about.  Very happy and looking forward to the rest from Andrew and his team.
It is a very good class. However, it may be a little difficult for people who are newing in 'Deep Learning'. I have been studying for this part a little, and I have come to see this class.So I felt it is very easy to explain every detail.
Very nice course to get start with Deep Learning ! Since Deep Learning is not just about call the APIs of Tensorflow or Keras, you gotta know how they work under these structures.Very impressive, thanks a lot , Andrew and the whole team !
this class introduces the concepts in Neural Networks in a very practical straight forward approach. There is a lot of effort went into the preparation of this course.Worth your time and effort if you want to learn NN.Highly recommended.
A really good introduction to the world of AI. It hides lots of things like too much math, or numpy details that could have discouraged the ones who are not familiar very quickly from AI. Very well organized in short. Thanks to the team!
It is definitely extremely good course for beginners of studying machine learning. I have taken other online courses related to machine learning. Only Andrew's course is very informative and taught in detail. I enjoyed this course a lot.
Perfect reference for how the online course format should be. Good content, fundamentals added at the right time, well structured, Andrew's videos were good. The fundamentals of deep learning are grilled into my head through this course.
Great course. At some points it struggles to find a balance between high level overview and low-level mathematical detail, but in general it's a great intro to the subject which will serve as a good building block for further self-study!
This has been one of the most amazing learning experiences. Everything was explained wonderfully and is so amazing. I just wish that asking questions could have a better system but that is a coursera issue more than this specific course.
It was really fun learning with Andrew Ng. Sir your have really cleared many doubts that persisted after ML and AI courses at undergrad level. Thanks for teaching. Really looking forward to complete remaining courses with the same spirit
The course is delivered beautifully where you get to know from high-level abstracts of the neural network to low level details of Forward and Backward propagation. I got to know them in a better way and it helps in carrying out research.
Very well thought out course. I really enjoyed taking it. I have programming experience but not quite the mathematical background but during the course I started to learn more and more. I understood most of the concepts after the course.
It was a great pleasure for me to be in this course even though it was a beginner level, I could still get many inner new intuitions and a better understanding of neural networks thanks to Andrew ng for conducting such an amazing course.
The course was so well designed and so well structured that i never felt lagging somewhere. It was taking things from very subtle level to the higher level. Andrew Ng sir was exceptional, and his own experience sharing also helped a lot.
Great course once again from Andrew. I started with Machine learning, so a lot of the algorithms where know to me. But this time we implemented it in Phyton. A great course with good exercises.Thanks Andrew and your team for this course!
A best course for the begineers if they dont know about the neural network,it just clear all the concepts in a very simple way that you can easily understand.i am thankful to Dr. andrew neg who explain all the things in a very simple way
Although I was having good knowledge of NN theory and decent knowledge of Python programming this course with its very clean and practical codes makes implementation of NN quite easy. Versatility of code presented makes it more appealing
great course, from the very very deep & basic level to teach you how to build your own model, after all the assignment you will understand a lot of questions when you study deep learning,  and why the mechanism been called a "black box".
Fantastic follow-up to Intro to Machine Learning. Great intro to NN using python, numpy and jupyter notebooks. My favorite part of the course were the interviews and practical advice from Geoffrey Hinton, Peter Abbeel and Ian Goodfellow.
The contents have sufficient technical details to allow a better appreciation of the capabilities of neural networks. Very helpful tips and pointers by professor Ng throughout. The Lab projects s are awesome and sufficiently challenging.
The course was extraordinarily articulate and quite charming! It enabled me to understand the intricacies of Deep Learning and helped me to take a deeper look into it on my own and even take it up as a careerKudos to Dr. Andy Ng and Team
Despite coming into this course with a basic understanding of deep learning and neural networks I learned a lot from this introductory course. The information is presented in such a unique way that most anyone will pick up something new.
Superb explanations. Until now I was observing the neural network revolution from distance, this course finally gave me the courage to step up and deep dive into the workings of this fascinating innovation. Thank you Andrew and the team.
Thank you for a truly inspiring and practical course.  Courses like these will bridge the gap between the growing strain on educational institutions to provide practical, up-to-date training, and the growing demand for lifelong learning.
The explanations by the instructions were nice. They are easy to understand. The programming assignments were great. I have also improved my programming skills. I am now looking forward to the next course. Thank you to the instructions.
This course covers the basics of Neural Network in detail. The content delivery by Andrew is exceptional. I would recommend this course to people who are looking to make their career in AI and are afraid of the term Deep Neural Network.
the basic concepts involved in logistic regression, forward propagation, back propagation and all the other concepts involved has been explained so that anyone with just the interest to learn can learn. A very thoroughly thought course.
The course is pretty straight forwards and successfully fulfills it's purpose by providing everything needed to know about deep network. Course tutorials are well organized and programming assignment instruction and are clearly written.
This course was amazing to start deep learning, concepts were explained well the inuitions and  mathematics behind them and the implementations of a neural network from scratch was helpful and allowed us to understand the concepts well.
The programming exercises were super helpful in filling the gaps from the videos. I liked how the course was prepared to really teach the important features of neural networks regardless of their level of difficulty. No vanilla content.
It is a great course to learn the mathematical background and matrix implementation of artificial neural networks. Python vectorization of FOR loops is a great advantage to train on large data sets or large architecture neural networks.
The best course I have ever taken! Thanks Andrew! At the end of this course I can build a neural network from scratch! This month of work worth so much.I also like the interviews of heros of deep learning so much. They are so inspiring!
As a new learner of this discipline, I can say that it was a fairly easy to follow and enriching course for me. The concepts were delivered in a manner that was comprehensible, without compromising on the complexity of topics discussed.
Great content.  I really appreciate how  Dr. Ng discusses both the Linear Algebra and Calculus foundations.  I found the content at a perfect level and it seems like a great foundation for continued learning.Thanks for the great class!
Was a fun experience tbh, the maths needs some note-taking, but is still simple to understand. The nitty gritty details of a NN starting from a very basic Logistic Regression was an amazing learning process. The instructor is nice too.
An amazing course. If you want to get started with deep learning, this is the course! The concepts are easy to understand if you are familiar with derivatives and calculus. The programming assignments are well structured and explained.
I had to revisit this course after a year because the notations overwhelmed me at first. Now that I gave myself time to be patient with the course, I realize that this method of teaching Deep Learning is very effective. Amazing course.
Great course, I really appreciate the educational focus. I believe learning the basic components before jumping into more elaborated deep learning libraries helps in the long term. I also found that choosing Python was very convenient.
This is a great course!  A solid introduction to neural networks. The course assignments were especially helpful, learning how to complete the implementations from scratch.  I also enjoyed the intuition Andrew provided in the lectures.
I was looking to learn to code in addition to the theory which i can get elsewhere,This course helped me just do that with easy to Navigate & Understand parallel of coding examples which go hand in hand with theory.Just what I needed!!
This is a perfect course (no jokes)!I really like Andrew's videos, they are even more than understandable. Material is well structured, assignments are interesting! No useless info, just practicably applicable topics. Highly recommend!
This is a really good course to develop ground concepts of neural network. I've tried doing it with keras and it is really simple to made a deep NN with that but the intuition of what going on inside can give you an edge. Great course!
Great course, math is easy to follow, week 1-3 are a bit easy if you already know something about ML about week 4 is really nice where everything you build up together finally comes together in a beautiful symphony of machine learning.
Very good course to get started with Deep learning. Although the assignments are  very easy, they are helpful to get the complete picture in a very short time. Thank so much Andrew Ng and team for your efforts and willingness to share.
This course let you understand the very basics of neural networks. I loved the mathematical explanation of backward propagation, if gave a really nice intuition and pointed me in the right direction to pursue a more formal explanation.
A very interesting and clear course for starting the understanding on deep learning. The videos are very comprehensive and the programing activities are very useful. Without a doubt it was the best course I've taken in deep learning!!!
This course was challenging to me - I took three months to complete it. But it was worth it- all the frustrations due to a new programming language and grasping the new concepts too.  Prof. Ng is exceptionally gifted. He kept me going.
The course is exceptionally well designed, the hands-on part, i.e. assignments in particular. Use other deep learning material recommended in the forum to complement this course and make up the missing theoretical and mathematical bit.
Great introduction to idea of neural network theory for any person regardless of deep understanding of math behind it. Awesomely constructed assignments let you focus on checking equations being correct instead of fighting with Python.
This course helped me understand the basics of neural network. I already knew the most basic structure of neural network but this course helped me to understand the more details about how network works and how to perform computations.
Absolutely amazing course, I'm much more confident now. Even for those intimidated when you hear about math in Machine Learning or Deep Learning, this course will give a very good intuition behind the math without getting complicated.
Excellent course, it guides you from the simplest of neural networks to the complex ones. Really loved going through it. Other than state of the art teaching, the application part through assignment also helped to polish the concepts.
Very well-thought structure of the course with incremental complexity. I appreciated Andrew's relentless focus on making sure notation is well understood - this was instrumental in getting familiar with and absorbing all the concepts.
I am giving full stars because it's covers the foundations of deep learning. It really kicks off your learning process on Deep learning. I found the programming assignments very handy and quite useful. Take your time to complete them.
it is a good course to enhance knowledge on Deep learning in short span of time. handson after each topic was very helpful in writing codes and execution. Kindly create assignement and submit, rather than doing it in Notebook directly
Pretty detailed in terms of teaching the fundamentals of how a neural network works. The learning algorithm is broken down into steps, each step individually coached on, implemented and tested. Pretty good knowledge testing questions.
The way of teaching is helpful to understand the theory and make easy to implement it on coding. This course encourages me to solve problem parts by part. I definitely look forward to taking Andrew's courses and makes me more skilful.
Great class! A basic knowledge of python is necessary.Andrew Ng does not fear to dive in technical details, which makes the class sometimes difficult, but this permit a better understanding of the concepts that underpin deep learning.
Thanks for the course. I really enjoyed it.(+)Really excellent course. Well presented, enough details for beginners to get started without making videos unnecessarily long. Course resources are very good.(-):Assignments aren't graded.
Straight to the point, good balance of theory and practice with additional references given to explore further. Andrew is an extraordinary lecturer, a master on providing quick intuition and progressively build a deeper understanding.
After completing this course I have the confidence and understanding of Neural Networks which I would be lacking had I read thousands of articles on the subject. The assignments helped the learning and many thanks to Professor Andrew.
I have spent quite some time studying materials and watching videos to understand deep learning. I felt the explanation in this course is by far the best I have ever seen, Thanks to Andrew and team for coming up with such nice course.
I've learnt how to implement those things which i shouldn't have been able to, but because of the different kind of teaching methodology and jupyter notebooks, i have been able to do my assignments easily and cleared all my conncepts.
Extremely good presentation of the basics of Deep Learning. Prof. Ng and his team have put in a lot of hard work to deliver such an amazing course reachable to a massive audience and this is clearly seen in the course! Thank you Prof!
Dr. Ng is gifted for explaining at a conceptual level yet still presenting the math from multiple intuitive angles. This is my first Coursera course. I had to pay attention to be prepared for the quizes and the programing assignments.
Fundamentals of Neural network setup and implementation is covered in the best and most straight forward way possible! Assignments could have been more challenging, but they are essential for the step by step build up of the lectures.
As for a math guy, the content is a bit general, which, however, means that for most of the people, this course will be very appropriate. I don't think I have to mention how concrete and explicit Andrew's teaching is. It's really cool
Its a steep learning curve and I had to go backwards and forwards many times to grab a notion of what Andrew was saying. In the end it became clearer and clearer and I'm stoked to get on to the next part of the course. thanks Andrew!
Amazing Especially the Coursera Financial Aid has helped me a lot to achieve this goal, and yeah prof. Ng and his team had done amazing work by bringing out this course and their teaching methods are really enjoyable and enthusiastic
The traditional way to understand deep neural network is quite fascinating and understanding the math behind the DNN with quite knowledge in advance calculus and matrix analysis is also very interesting. Totally loved this course <3.
Perfect course for those who seek to know the actual processes and calculations behind the ML and DL models. The course was very informative and interesting from the start to the end. Enabled me to gain so much in such a little time.
the course really great from all aspects,the programming assignment was really interesting and I learned a lot it goes with you with every tiny detail, also prof Andrew explained every detailed implementation and the intuition behind
This course is designed very carefully and instruction is also clearly given. Professors are well in knowledge and instructions. Practice problem is designed very well to get knowledge of programming as well as a deep neural network.
Andrew Ng is always perfect professor!I am really fan of him. I took "Neural Networks and Deep Learning" after taking his "Machine Learning" class.I was able to fill the gap in this course.Thanks not only to him but also to Coursera.
Material is just beginner-friendly.And any beginner out there who wants to start their carrier in DL, this is the right place.Assignments get tougher as you proceed, but can be solved easily with a good understanding of the material.
before learn, i felt guilty in my business area, as a team leader in my team. its a lack of method to make embedding technique. after learning, i got a pride in my skills. Thx a lot. and would like to continue learning with coursera!
I like the most that formulas are decomposed to detail, but sometimes, I feel exercise that comes afterwords is useful for the test that was prior to exercise. The videos of deep learning legends in the end is my favourite part also.
This is an excellent course. If you desire to understand the inner workings of neural networks, then please take this course. Dr. Andrew NG has a beautiful way of explaining complex topics in a simple, engaging and descriptive style.
The course is apt and covers all the necessary stuff required for getting into the field of deep learning. Solving assignments and building models entirely by code than using any library directly help to better understand the models.
Excellent course if you want to understand how fundamentally a neural network works. Andrew has explained really difficult concepts in such a systematic manner that the concepts get embedded in your mind forever by the end of Week 4.
The theory is well explained in terms of implementation. The assignments are tooooo easy, you will not learn how to do programming much. On the other hand, you will see how things can be done and use it as a reference for the future.
Professor Ng as usual simplifies the content while conveying the key concepts clearly and at the same time keep it engaging. Will definitely recommend to both beginners and even if you have been tinkering with ML for a while like me.
Overall course content is very good. All the concepts were taught from the basics and in a very intuitive way. Good for anyone who wants to learn the "Why", "What" & "How" of Neural Network and deep learning. Thanks Andrew NG & Team.
Awesome material. Very easy to follow. Prof. Ng is the best, takes none of your knowledge for granted and goes step by step through everything so you will follow along.  A lot of thought was obviously put into structuring the course.
I learned a lot from this course. I can now make a 2-class classifier for mnist dataset with 99.78% accuracy! I hope I'll be able to implement a 10-class classifier for mnist once I get into softmax in later part of specialization :>
Excellent Explanation by Andrew Ng sir. But i would like to suggest that respected Coursera Team please focus on Programming portion also in Lecture videos so that it will help to visualize Assignments more. Andrew Ng sir is Legend.
I tried a few more courses to complete, unfortunately I had to leave the middle of those courses. But, In this course, Andrew explains everything simply, and there more visualization then speech which helps me to understand clearly.
Although I feel it is not necessary to devote that much time to explain the vectorizations, I do understand why it is important for some of the students. The materials are easy to learn and the intuitions are on point. Great course.
This was a tremendous course! Andrew Ng really knows how to do neural networks from scratch. I like this, beucase as a statistician I always want to know the math and the intuitions behind the models. I highly recommend this course.
This is the best introduction ever. Teaches you the basics from the very first principles. I would have liked it if he stuck to the common notations used in most research papers and also did an introductory course on linear algebra.
I fulfilled my first step of learning. looking forward to continue the course specialization. I am really lucky to have such an amazing instructors. Thanks a ton to Deeplearning.ai and Course Era for bringing such an amazing Course.
Very interesting and knowledgeable course for beginners in Neural Network and artificial Intelligence. It help me in improving my knowledge in deep learning. The course content is very good and fully explained by video and exercise.
For an enthusiast, who never (formally) learned any programming, and never learned any calculus or linear algebra, this course, however challenging, is the right way to kick off into the field of machine learning.Highly recommend it
Excellent course, perfect balance between theory and practice. The difficulty on the assignments were hard enough to make you think and made you learn to subject better, but not so hard so you had to waste time trying to solve them.
Very educational, I learned and gained enough knowledge to start exploring data and images. I hope one day (soon) to break through into Machine learning field and I think this course is one of the key steps that I had to accomplish.
Great course to understand the basics of a Neural Network. I learned how to build a NN from scratch instead of simply using a library without understanding the inner work. The Heroes of  Deep Learning interview series are inspiring.
This course was really awesome and I learned a lot of things from Dr. Andrew Ng.
I am very eager to learn and continue the Deep Learning course and I thank everyone, especially Dr. Andrew Neg, who worked hard to create this course.
Earlier I heard the Deep Learning (AI) is very difficult but now i don't think so. It became easier after the  Prof. Andrew Ng taught. Assignments and quizzes are designed well on coursera. Proud to be a student of Prof. Andrew Ng.
Easy to follow, content is logic, the instructions are easy to understand, this course totally include the basic concept of deep learning, it's absolutely useful for someone who wants to try exploding this field. I love this course
Thank You Andrew Sir for the wonderful explanations and a little bit of derivations of the equations we used. The coarse was really helpful giving you a better insight of what NN and DL is. especially for newbies like me. Thank You
It was a great experience learning this course.  My only feedback: there is should be a MATLAB option for the assignments.  MATLAB can do everything in this case as Python and in several cases more intuitive for matrix manipulation
Awesome course that teaches the core concepts of Neural networks, math behind them and helps us to build neural networks on our own. This gives me a lot of confidence on building my own neural network to work on a specific problem.
Andrew Ng is a world leading AI researcher and engineer, he also has superb teaching skills. The course is so rigorous and practical, it is probably the best out there including the best universities and top technology companies...
Great course, with the corrections even better than befor. Only some Variable lanes are strange. And even if i know that L for layer would be a good choice, so is it impossible to see the difference between l and 1 in the notebook.
I don't think there is any need to say how amazing this course is!! It is definitely worth your time if you are interested in deep learning and just starting to learn. No wonder this is one of the most popular courses in Coursera!!
Incredibly clear for those who really want to understand exactly how neural networks really work. Anyone working with deep learning should take this so you have a much better intuition for what deep learning actually is in reality.
I found it very interesting and fitting for the current times. Would have like not to get so many hints and let the people think more by themselves. But it does give you some "intuition" about how NNs work. Many Thanks to the team!
Besides one glitch in one of work 4 (Step by step ) homework everything else was great. The problem was my correct solution was calculated 0/10 on Linear L back model. The error was "error in submission" I tried three times though.
Another incredible and very well detailed and easy to understand course by Prof. Andrew NG. Every detail in these course is needed by those that want to seriously  consider a career in deep learning. It can not be better explained.
After fiddling around with deep neural nets, I was looking for a more formal introduction to deep nets and how do they work under the hood. This course did justice to the topic and was exactly what I was looking for. Great Content.
This course mage machine learning and neural networks very accessible to me, even though I only have a beginner background in computer science/python. The programming assignments are very guided, which is good if you're a beginner.
This course is an extension of another course named"Machine learning".It's suitable for students who have no idea about how to start learning AI.I am grateful to those who contribute to academic output and to disseminate knowledge.
Excellent step by step introduction to this seemingly very complicated subject of deep learning as it appears to a novice. Thanks so much Andrew for creating this course. Looking forward to some other courses in this specialization
Learnt a great deal about implementing a deep learning application, the assignments and programming assignments were designed with so much care so that anyone with or limited  programming background could get it done. Great effort!
+   A great way to learn how to implement and use deep neural networks.+   Also works as a revision if you've already dealt with machine learning and neural networks before.+~ Almost no maths theory behind the algorithms explained.
Gives you what you need to know to get started in deep learning without getting bogged down in theory, and without babying you so much you hardly learn anything. Andrew is quite possibly the best ML/AI teacher there is or ever was.
I like that in this course we learned to implement a deep neural networking without using any libraries. I had used libraries before but writing every step myself I think has given me a better understanding of the smaller details.
the course is excellent, the teacher can make any rookie understand and have a machine learning concept and direction. unfortunately, the homework system has some bugs, and which will definitely influence you to do the assignment.
This course has given me deeper insight on neural networks and deep learning. I enjoyed the lecture videos and programming assignments. I can't stop thinking what I can achieve next with the knowledge I've gathered in this course.
Clear and effective initiation into neural networks. Repetitive display of outline in videos, reading and programming assignments has cemented the foundations and understanding of neiral networks. Excited to start the next course!
Thank to everyone who is provided such an opportunity like that. Also the discussions was so helpful to define what i know what did i wrong. As a newbie it was an amazing start to learn AI. I am glad to be a part of this community
A pleasant introduction to the fundamentals of machine learning. Eager to continue with the next course of the specialization. Andrew is a delight to learn from and his timely inputs from his experience in the industry is helpful.
Very nice course, I specifically like the programming assignments which provides a lot of helper functions so that the attendee can focus on the most important part/ message which is being made clear by the programming assignments
This course helped me move more deeper in understanding neural networks. Good, structured, and detailed explanation of each topic is really useful and helpful.  Really enjoy of travelling "forward and backward" in neural networks!
This course is a mandatory step for those who want to dive into Deep Learning field. It will make your understanding of deep neural network to next level by mean of  essential theories, math and also hand on programming exercises.
Thank you very much for your efforts. The course is very well designed to those who knows nothing about neural network. I would add some challenging, even if they are optional, tasks so as to make the assignments more interesting.
The assignments are comparatively easy. I was able to watch videos and complete assignments in 6-8 hour long sitting in a single day. This actually helped me to complete the assignment while I had work commitments during the week.
Great course for learning the necessary basics. Would be helpful if the python development was done in tandem with the videos and I would have like a better tie up between the explanations and the code implementation of back prop.
Great course to learn and really understand concepts and math behind Artificial Neural Networks. I've read many blogs and watched many YouTube videos in this area, but none of them are like this course coherent and well organized.
Absolutely mind blowing course! Gives you a solid foundation for doing Deep Learning. It does take a while to get used to the notation (I got confused many times) but once you understand it intuitively you're set. Well done Dr Ng!
I have googled around many tutorials and finally landed on this awesome course. Thanks to Prof. Dr. Anderw NG for such simple and more intuitive examples. I highly recommends this course for every one looking for machine learning.
It was a great experience to learn this specialization course right after the Machine Learning course. I cannot wait to learn further. Moving on to the next course right away. Thank you Professor Ng, Mentors, and great colleagues.
This course is excellent, it gives me a clear introduction to neural network structure and how it works. After finishing the tasks of this course, my coding ability has improved. Thanks to Ng ,the mentor boards and all classmates.
Hi,I have done Udacity dl course as well and now in AI course, but this course is really help me to understand deeper the math behind.The structure of the modules are excellent and helps student to go deeper...THANK you!Rgds,Tibor
It is a first level course and explains the basics of logit, NN architecture, gradient descent with a smattering of Numpy functions in a simple, but very effective way. Highly recommended for students who wish to get into DL / ML.
This course is one of the best course on neural networks. Building it from scratch is really very challenging and interesting. I have got many important things to learn. Thanks, Coursera team for this valuable course and support.
Has a good amount of math for an introductory course, the explanations are really good. Andrew Ng is an amazing professor.Always take notes, all equations and explanations are needed to complete the assignments. Very good course.
Incredible the ease of explaining complex topics by Adrew Ng, I found it a very entertaining course but at the same time very informative, handles a difficulty suitable for students who want to learn the basics of neural networks
This was an amazing course for a beginner. Similar to the course Machine Learning by Andrew NG, I found this courses very handy. All the assignments were well organised. I didn't faced any difficulty while completing this course.
This is 1 of 5 courses in Deep Learning Specialization. This specialization seems to be season 2 of the Machine Learning course. Deep Neural Networks is refreshed and updated with new ideas and with Python & NumPy in this course.
Such a nice course on hands of the best teacher in IA! Andrew Ng, thank you for all your explanations, you really make it easy and that's a good point to people who are afraid to start in the IA world. Totally Recommended course!
One of the best course in Coursera..... taught by legend himself... Learnt a lot of new things specially how to implement the mathematical function in Python with efficiency and accuracy. Thanks a lot for conducting this course..
A great course! I was able to understand the underlying calculus and gain some intuition about the back propagation algorithm of ANN. It was wonderful to learn the process of making ANN more than two layers for image recognition.
This is a great neural network and deep learning course. In this course Andrew NG explained the neural network and deep learning concept very beautifully and easy. Thank you Andrew NG and Coursera for making this powerful course.
Though having a little mathematic background, I greatly learnt from this course. I must appreciate Prof. Andrew Ng teaching, methodology, the course content and evaluation. Thank you Coursera,   thank you DL team and all fellows.
Awesome intro course! Lectures start from the very basics and guide you step by step. Homeworks are a bit simplified, but they allow you to implement a fully functional NN and master extra techniques in a clear and controlled way
Excellent ground up introduction to NN and DL. It helps if you are at least a little familiar with calculus and linear algebra, but Ng still does a great job of giving you the background info you need for these topics on the fly.
The course content is incredible; Andrew NG explain every little detail as always. If you compar the content with your previous knowledge, you'll see the difference.  I would absolutely recommend this course for AI enthusiastics.
Excellent course. Andrew Ng explains the concepts and practices of deep neural networks in a way that is easy to understand. Some of the curriculum overlaps with the Machine Learning course (also with Andrew Ng) here on Coursera.
Great course: excellent format, crystal clear teaching style, detailed documents, with no confusion at all! Very helpful. Will definitely keep working on this track. A lot of thanks to Andrew and all contributors. You are great!
years ago I took the machine learning course by Andrew Ng. He is a fantastic teacher, one of my favourites online. He can explain complicated things to a wide audience and keep them engaged through calculus and algebra. Amazing.
Great course. There is a fair bit of mathematical notation but on the whole I felt the course was explained well by Andrew. This is a topic which can get quite involved but it is explained well to someone new to neural networks.
This is course gives a very good insight and intuitions about neural networking concepts,along with proper mathematical explanation.Also it is great that here one could also effectively implement the concepts through python code
Wonderful course, thanks so much Andrew Ng et al for creating, running and polishing it! Excellent explanation of the value, mechanics, and math behind neural networks. The interviews with deep learning experts are a nice bonus.
The best tutorial for understanding deep neural networks. I came here after learning from many other platforms but didn't understand the basic intuition. And now finally I understood Neural Network :) (y)  Thank you Andrew Ng <3
The Course has been designed in such a manner at the end of it , you become so aquainted to complex mathematical operations and begin to understand the basic architecture of a neural network at nuts and bolts level. Thanks AG :)
Helped me understand the mathematics behind Neural Nets and helped me dive deeper into Deep Learning. The programming assignments were really well made and enjoyable to solve. Professor NG explained all concepts very thoroughly.
Overall, an excellent class, with a good balance between  video lessons , quizzes, and coding assignments. The Notebooks and automated graders are a bit delicate but the Discussion section and community eases the learning curve.
A very comprehensive overview of ANN. I finally understood the nuts and bolts of deep learning. But this field is deep and challenging, it definitely requires a lot of practice! Thanks Prof Andrew Ng, for delivering this course.
Andrew's course is really great. Especially the code parts, I really enjoy it and have experienced a lot of skills in coding.  I've learned a lot about neural networks in this course, and I think I could do better in the future.
The concepts well presented. The interviews with technical leaders in ML were very educational. Andrew Ng has a very deep understanding of the concepts and ability to present them in a simple manner. Reminds me of the KISS rule.
This is the best course I have ever taken about neural network. The hand-by-hand programming practice clarify a lot of questions I got while reading the theoretical materials. Really appreciate all the good design of the course.
I really like this course since it goes to the basics of Neural Network while explaining the basics of machine learning. Nevertheless, for the higher levels of NN, I would hope more discussions of the mathematical possibilities.
Concepts very well explained, All the exercises are must to do to understand the content properly. All in all, a very nice , concise, understandable explanation of the domain. A must-to-do for anyone willing to learn DL. Thanks.
It is good but there are some limitations to what students learned there should be optional exercises for those who want to go deeper into the neural networks even more and how each of the function is working. Thanks Andrew Sir.
Easy-to-follow lectures, well designed programming assignments. I really appreciate the time and efforts that teaching staff have spent on designing the programming assignments, very clear to understand and very well-structured!
I like the course very much. Some advices for the class. The class could show us the slices and canbe download and Andrew could write the course with the ppt while not for the mouse. Some words are not very clearly with writing.
This course was very valuable and informative, and I wanna say a special thanks to Dr. Andrew NG, a great professor. Thank you very much, and finally thanks to the Coursera for giving me the opportunity of learning this course.
Great course. I would definitely suggest this course to everyone who wants to learn these topics. The way Andrew has cleared all the basics is very good. Labs are self-explanatory. Thank you so much for such a wonderful course.
Awesome course. Instructor has put so much effort in explaining every concept. He repeated it so many times that it fits into the memory. So humble to explain everything. Thanks so much Andrew.Recommend this course to everyone.
This course is a well explained about Neural Networks and Deep Learning Concept throughout the course i was exposed to the liner implementation of Neural Network ,logistic regression implementation and L layer Neural Networks .
The best introductory course one could ask for! Covers Neural Networks from absolute scratch and adds layers on top of it with every passing lecture. Andrew is an absolute delight in the way he explains everything so elegantly.
A legend once said that AI is the new electricity and if it is like that then I just hope Andrew NG Sir is Nikola Tesla and not Edison!Once again thanks to coursera for providing the opportunity of being a student of Andrew NG.
The method of learning online is very much convenient for fresh students and beginners to understand and build confidence. Many thanks for this course, for staff spending time on it, for everyone accepting AI and supporting AI.
Very well structured lectures and nicely prepared programming assignments.Information and insight beyond formulae were greatly appreciated, especially the interviews with leading researchers and practitioners from the AI field.
A great course indeed! Although I had worked with deep networks before, I did not know behind the screen operations and calculations. This has enabled me to see the whole concept in a completely different perspective. Thank You
It was a good course only Issue I faced in Week 4 Assignment. Where 2 functions even though my code is correct function "linear_activation_forward" & "linear_activation_backward"  I am getting error as shapes were not matching.
At first I thought the course was too basic. However, after completing the course I realized that's not the case. I think the content is just organized and delivered so well that it makes it appear more basic than it really is.
Excellent introductory course to Neural Networks and Deep Learning. Great learning material, good balance between theory and piratical exercises. The applications are very well-thought and promote student engagement. Well done!
Highly recommended! The course takes you from a beginner to building your own cat image recognizer using deep learning. If you want to start learning about neural networks and deep learning, then this is a great place to start.
Verywell structured and verywell delivered Course on Deep Learning basics. Challenging and fun. Such a pleasure in studying a complicated subject like DL and is because of professors like Andrew. Continuing with the 2nd Course.
I liked this course as a follow up from the intro to Machine learning course. Using Python was also really nice, and I loved the organization and development of the course.Excited to take the next courses in this specialization
Best course to start off with. Best tutor as well he explained everything in detail and he added lot more things like how to code efficiently etc. I would recommend this to any one who is going to start ML and neural networks.
The courses of this specialization are of great value. Thank you very much!.For how long will I have access to the course's materials now that I finished my paid specialization?Thank you,Regards,Martin Felipe Wohlgemuth Pinzon
This is a very good cause and hope it is much better that you can add more details  about optimizations including decent directions and unconstrained opti method which will make clear more about the cost function optimization.
An excellent course covering the underlining logic of neural networks. Essential if you wanted a deeper understanding of what happens during mode.fit and model.predict and to improve your intuition for deep learning in general
The course teaches you how to build a neural network from scratch, which you can not find in a lot of machine learning course anywhere else. This bottom-up approach lays down the groundwork to build up more complicated models.
It was incredible, yeah there are some maths, matrixes thus through me bit off but the optional videos and beautiful community made me through the course... I love the continuity from week1 to week4... One Down 4 more to GO :)
to be honest i didn't even knew the python language and still i attempted this course ! and surprisingly not only i can code in python but also have a good knowledge of neural networks and deep learning <3Thank You very much !
This is by far the best course available.Although some concepts could have been a little bit better, but the way Andrew Ng made the topics simpler is just awesome.Thanks to the whole community for making this beautiful course.
Good introduction to the basic concepts in Deep Learning. Liked the idea of implementing everything from scratch instead of only depending on existing implementations (eg keras). This helps a lot to get a deep understanding :)
The course are organised systematically, the knowledge points are very specific and explained clearly. Most helpful is the ideas of  Neural Networks and Deep Learning are going deeper step by step. I like the "take away" part.
I liked this course. It has a nice balance between simplicity and completness of material. It has a lot of math but at the same time it is explained like I am five. Excellent way to understand the logic behind neural networks.
Amazing course by Mr Andrew NG ,  I took his ML course as well this was amazing , especially notebooks being already having libraries and environment installed is amazing get go even able to do on work from browser is godsend.
The course gave me great understanding of deep learning basics. Very nice and understandable lectures and interesting tasks. Now I've got a slightly better understanding of mechanisms and principles of neural networks. Thanks.
Though the course is great! But the practise that can help me to program individually is little.That would be wonderful if there are some more additional elective entire program practise,such as input data,build environment...
It is good course for the students who are really want to study the deep learning and neural network. Each  minute this which is important  covered inside it. Thanks "Coursera" for financial aid, definitely help lot of people.
I enjoyed watching this tutorial. I started understanding deep learning a lot. Deep Learning has become my passion now. Understanding the concept and implementing its algorithms is awesome. Andrew Ng made Neural Networks easy.
It is very nice for every beginner to step into deep learning.Moreover, Andrew Ng is really a good teacher.He adapt a clear teaching structure and plan to lead students step by step.Therefore, I am thankful for his dedication.
Had a great experience studying this course.Andrew sir is one of the best teacher i have ever encountered.He make sure that a student understands everything by going to the core and providing reasons for every step he is doing
Overall v cool, the practice of having all assignments on Jupyter notebooks on the Coursera hub is brilliant and should be followed by all other Coursera courses (hope the good ML people at U of Washington might read this ...)
Thank you for the detailed lectures and the responsive mentors who take time to reply to our questions on the discussion forums. I highly recommend this course to those who want to explore more about the processes behind A.I.
Very nice course and clear explanations. It does require a bit of knowledge on linear algebra and some calculus in order to follow all explanations fast. Is not a super level required and anyone could keep up with the course.
Really great teaching and content.I feel the formulas and the math could have explained in more details (it might have been out of scope of this course but still).And it really helped me gain the skills promised by the course
A very thorough course about the basics of Neural Networks and Deep Learning. Explanation was on point and exercise was very interactive,  which gave a nice hand-on experience and better understanding of the concepts learned.
The best thing about this course is that Andrew makes difficult things appear so easy that even if your confidence is low in python coding or machine learning you still can easily understand deep learning through this course.
This course is amazing!. It provides a really deep understanding of neural networks and logistic regression. Andrew is a great teacher and he dives really deep in the algebra that's needed to follow these types of algorithms.
It was one of the best course i have ever taken. The content and the material provided was well structured. Programming assignment helped me a lot to understand the theory taught by the instructor. I really enjoyed the course
This course really gave practical understanding of neural network with multiple layers. Course is really good and instructor is awesome as always he is. He clears most of the doubts that come to mind during watching lectures.
I feel at the end of this course I have deeper understanding of Neural Networks and more importantly I have higher confidence that I will be able to succeed in this field. Thank you Prof. Andrew. You are a gem of a person! :)
Very nice course. It was so simple and intuitive making me understand how neural networks work. Also the exercises are really good making to do sufficient part by yourself to really comprehend the theory. Thank you very much!
Yipeeee! Just completed the course and feeling great. The course was so well structured that I was able to understand everything and didn't had any difficulty in solving the assignment. It's the best course for Deep Learning.
The best course to learn the basics of Deep Learning, a detailed explanation of notation, forward propagation, backpropagation and general implementations that is difficult to find in another course.Thank you for this course.
The course is designed very well. Best part of the course is it is self contained, and we need no prior knowledge (except some basic mathematics). Assignments are very valuable. They gave realistic problem solving experience.
The course was lucid and exciting to learn. Adrew clearly explains the concepts and the maths part, It has helped me get the fundamentals right.Looking further to take up further courses of the specialisation. Thank you Adrew
It really helps me to build up the basic understanding of how deep learning works and what is behind the word 'Deep Neural Networks'. Again, thanks to coursera and deeplearning.ai, it provides a great course for new entrance.
i love this incredible course. it has changed my life. i knew nothing about machine learning and now this course has opened my eyes. i can not thank enough professor ng's dynamic teaching style and the quality of this course.
I am really fascinated the way Professor Andrew Ng teaching style. He make things so easy and inspire his student that no student will ever think negatively. I would highly recommend this course to anyone interested about AI.
Dear Sir, Course material and teaching is very nice. Thank you very much for providing such comprehensive material and detailed explanation. Looking forward to take further courses  in this specialization. Thanks Vijaya Kumar
Always pleasure to take a course of Andrew NG, He is a great instructor and taught very well now, I have to implement by learning in my on-going Deep Learning Project. Hopefully well complete all 5 courses of deeplearning.ai.
Andrew Ng is a phenomenal instructor with a very fluid and clear style.  His ability to simplify complex concepts of deep learning (as well as the underlying mathematics) makes the learning experience both rewarding and fun !
The material presented in an easy but effective way. Information provided in depth manner and developed confidence in the subject area. Assignments were really helpful to improve the confidence on coding the neural networks.
This Course is well design and teaches the deep learning topic effectively,  i loved the jupyter notebook assignments since they  allow you to put in practice interactively all the knowledge you have acquired during the week
Andrew NG is the best instructor on Coursera, His way of putting forward the intuitions excites the most about new aspects of the field. I really enjoyed completing the course and look forward to complete the specialisation.
From the mathematical foundation to a N-layer neural network, seamlessly going from one single neuron, to multiple neurons in a single layer, to several layers of several neurons. Nice to get a solid foundation on the topic!
Great course by Prof. Andrew! I have a suggestion that it would be better if you could allow more abstractions in the assignments instead of giving everything tailormade for students as it will help us in improving the code.
The course was very useful. The instructor demonstrated and cleared all fundamental concepts of NN and detailed calculations have enhanced the actual background computations. The programming assignments enriched the learning
The course is well designed and easy to follow along. The quizzes and programming assignments provide a greater understanding of the theory and I was able to get a better understanding of the course material because of them.
Very challenging. I have been implementing NNs for some time now using keras, and this course has given me a greater intuition on whats happening in the 'black box'. I look forward to the other courses in the specialization.
Very helpful for beginners starting with Deep learning. Assignments helped in understanding how to break the entire training into different phases & also how to implement in code which makes understanding even more better :D
Excellent introduction into deep learning. I also liked the programming assignment, though sometimes it felt a little repetitive. But I guess in order for the concepts to stick in someones head, this repetition is necessary.
This course is a must see for anyone who is interested to delve into the world of Deep Learning. Professor Andrew NG teaches the most critical parts of Neural Networks with finesse and makes sure to drive the intuition home.
Excellent starter on neural networks! Minor suggestion though if you get a chance to re-record parts of this: use a better microphone. The sound is poor at times. But since the content is what matters, definitely five stars.
Love the depth of this course and the fact that we did everything without getting into the tensorflow/keras jargons. Thanks Andrew Ng and team! You are making learning fun and accessible, and we are really grateful for that.
Excellent course by Andrew Ng and team. Provides good in-sight into deep learning and applications. Course material and programming exercises are very well structured to allow smooth learning curve for working professionals.
The content is generally great and well worth it. Perhaps the only frustrating aspect is 
navigating to the Jupyter notebooks. I wish the links to the notebooks 
were on the same pages as the Submission and Discussion links.
Very good material top get introduced to implementing Neural networks. Enough detail in the assignments to make the concepts clear. The videos of talks by noteworthy professionals in the deep learning industry was inspiring.
Enjoyed the Machine Learning courses, and this new venture is even better. Thorough mathematics, engaging teacher and practical assignments that are both fun and challenging. I look forward to the rest of the specialisation!
A course with a good pace, and interesting exercises. The lectures are well organized and I could understand the concepts quickly.I would have expected some more slides shared with the students, but this is a minor drawback.
I really liked the Week 4. It would have been great to continue the project in week 4 in the following courses until you get something like a keras library (a simpler version, of course, without GPU, but with similar calls).
Basics but well done. Good speed to go through the materials and the exercises are pre-prepared very well. The exercises can be done without much knowledge of Python, all that is required is paying attention to the lectures.
a million of thank you to the coursera team to let us learn such amazing technology in this tough times  I am really looking forward to it..the instructors are amazing the web platform for python programming is also amazing
Great course to learn about Neural Networks and Deep learning. The instructor leads you well through the topics and the assignments are well structured to apply the knowledge that one should acquire from the video lectures.
One of the best courses on deep learning available on the internet with bare minimum prerequisites. Andrew Ng made deep leaning so much easy to understand. I would highly recommend to all my fellow data scientist aspirants.
The course helped me a lot to better understand the intuition of neural networks and help me build some neural networks from scratch. I would definitely recommend this course if any one ask me for guidance in Deep Learning.
I appreciate how Dr. Andrew makes the neural network concept so easy.The problem I have with the courses is that the answer is right there and you don't need to make an effort to do the exercises.But overall, a great course
One of the best course on coursera or any where else..explaining deep learning concept at its core while repetitive practicing of key and most significant concept in deep learning with code help me to understand the basics.
I really enjoyed the videos, assignments and the quizzes. They were at the right level for first time coders. I'd have appreciated a few optional exercises of a slightly higher difficulty level - especially the coding part.
Good introduction to neural networks. If you already have some experience you can still do this course and learn some new insights. I would definitely recommend this to other people, with or without mathematical background.
Outstanding introducing to Neural Networks and Deep Learning.  Professor Ng is an excellent lecturer.  The material is organized and presented clearly.  I would highly recommend this course to anyone interested in the topic
This Coursera has helped me immensely in understanding the basics of Neural and Deep Neural networks . Specially liked the way it was taught by boosting the confidents of the student at every step. Kudos to Prof. Andrew Ng.
I would suggest to take this course if you are looking to get into Deep learning. The best part of this course are the assignments - you are walked through each step with brilliant explanation of what is being done and why.
I enjoyed the course very much. Assignments are also very exciting, especially because I could see the difference between neural network based learning and that using logistic regression. Also got to learn coding in Python.
Much better than going over books/blogs since the course requires you to implement a simple neural network from scratch. Hands-on is definitely the way to go when learning basics of relatively complicated prediction models.
The course progresses at a steady rate and programming assignments complement the course work.If you have taken ML by Andrew Ng the transition is smooth and makes the course easier.Overall a good start to the specialisation
Very helpful introduction into deep learning and Neural Networks. Requires some Python knowledge, but introduces many of the important Python concepts. Assignments are extensive and well-documented, but tend to be too easy.
The course lets you really understand the neural networks working and leave aside the programming requirements of Python bet it file handling or data storage. The assignments clearly impart the core idea of neural networks.
Excellent course.  It is the best course so far I have seen. Very much deep learning about the concepts of neural network with easy explanation. I am very much glad that I have learned from world's best Teacher of ML and AI
An excellent course taught with great humility by one of the luminaries of modern AI. The lectures are clear, insightful and very informative and the interactive workbooks help build the learner consolidate their knowledge.
Andrew Ng's teaching style is my favorite, thank you Andrew and your team. I watched your interview with Lex Fridman and I was so impressed with the story behind the scene.  I look forward to taking other courses of yours.
Many thanks to the teacher and the creators of the course. Everything was very clear and interesting to me. I will continue to listen to the courses of this teacher and advise everyone who wants to engage in deep learning.
Really well explained by Andrew NG. The theory was great, but implementing the code and finding the bugs and going to their roots to fix them was fun. Watching a DNN you created from the scratch was a sight of great joy!!!
Excellent Course. The most important part of this course was the well explained Mathematics theory by Andrew Sir. Thank you sir for giving the basic mathematics for implementing this neural network and deep learning model.
The course is very structured. Step by step a neural network building process is demonstrated. I recommend this course to anyone who wants to start from the first principle approach and also just for learning purposes too.
It was like an adventure.  Quizzes were relatively easier than the programming assignments although both have their weight. Andrew is so skilled professor, I must admit he teaches better than our course teacher at college.
The best course to put your first steps in the world of artificial intelligence even if there is a small prior knowledge about calculus and algebra, but it's not necessary. Love everyone who contributed to this! Thank you!
By studying the neural network and deep learning in the special course of deep learning, I have a clearer understanding of the development direction of my profession, and I am in love with the AI technology of people today
This course gave me a very good insight into Neural networks and deep learning concepts. The programming assignments helped me to gain a very good hands-on experience of implementing a different variety of neural networks.
Great course, great lecturer! What I learned so far is absolutely amazing. What I really liked is the tons of practical tips and advices from prof. Andre Ng.  Thanks all for your efforts in creating such an amazing course.
My congratulations to Prof. Andrew NG and his team for the excellent work they've done. It's a pleasure to see the love for science and knowledge sharing in their work. That's how we really change the world for the better.
Could make the porgramming exercises a little more challenging, I hope that will be the case for future courses, Or maybe an optional exercise option that will throw challenges at us and really test how much we really know
When I started to learn deep neural networks, backward propagation is nightmare for me but from this course I found backward propagation quite simple and easy. Great Thanks to awesome instructor ,Andrew Ng and All his team
We all know  that Andrew NG is a great teacher, I feel like this course is well designed for those who have just took steps toward deep learning. However, one need to have a knowledge about neural network as prerequisites.
It's an amazing course. The pace is just right if you're a beginner and "busy" with life. Everything is clearly explained. The coding assignments have just the right amount of hints to get you going without being too easy.
This course is amazing. I have a few weakness that has nothing todo with this course, rather understanding of how multidimensional arrays work in Python. I wish to see a short (5 min) video on python arrays in this coutse.
Although this course does not have the care and support that Machine Learning provides, due to the relative easiness of the assignments, people can some how move along in reasonably comfort. Thanks to all behind the scene.
Really amazing course! Prof. Andrew starts from the very basics. In each video, he starts by summarizing the concepts learnt from previous video and then goes deeper into the topic. Very good course for absolute beginners.
I'm so glad I took this course. I'm moving forward with a sound understanding and great reference materials that will be invaluable in becoming an AI engineer. Thank you to Professor Andrew Ng and the deeplearning.ai team!
Once in a lifetime opportunity to learn DL from Andrew Ng. So far content is very well structured, easy to follow video lessons and love the quizzes. The masterclass with Geoffrey Hinton...priceless!!! Cant wait for more!!
I have been teaching at tertiary level for more than 20 years. I assert that the course materials and Andrew's teaching method are very fascinating and captivating. Thank you so much for offering such an excellent course!
This was an amazing course and I would suggest this course to all who are interested in Artificial Intelligence and particularly neural networks. Thanks to instructor Andrew and Deep Learning.ai for this wonderful course.
Awesome Course, this was my first online course in Deep Learning. Many thanks to Andrew Ng for his great efforts to make it very simple. Thanks to the COURSERA team for providing such a wonderful environment for learning.
Apart from any other course, The trainer worked really hard to meet the user requirement and understand the problem user faced and accordingly teaches the syllabus. He went in dept in every section and explain bit by bit.
Really Good . There are many tutorials for Deep Learning but what I was looking for is the clear Mathematics behind it . This course helped me a lot in demystifying it. Kudos to Andrew Sir for such a brilliant explanation
I spent almost 5 days on the course. I could say that learn more quickly than reading book. I strongly recommend this course if you haven't learn it. In particular, the exercises following each week are very worth my time
Really good start in your way of understanding Deep Learning. I have some experience of working with ML model before, but only after this course I start to understand all hidden layers of this topic :) Thank you for that.
Really very awesome course and assignment is really helpful. They creating assignment likes, you will not forget concepts. They designed assignments as they teach in video with clear concepts. Thanks for wonderful course.
Although shorter, I felt this course was a lot more practical than the neural network segment of the Machine Learning course, and concepts better than explained. I feel like I have a stronger intuition of neural networks.
Highly recommend this course to any one looking for an intuitive introduction to deep learning.  All concepts were explained very clearly. The only downside of the course I believe was that it lacks in mathematical rigor.
Very good introduction to Deep Learning, the pace was good and manageable for someone without any background in Machine Learning, the lectures were interesting and the assignments definitely help solidifying the concepts.
I liked how the course builds up iteratively. Starting with logistic regression and then defining a neural network as a composition of LR units was just awesome. Another great part was the consistent notations being used.
I have worked on ml for almost 1 year, although this lecture is not so complicated as that in universities, it helps me to understand the ml more, especially the Heroes for Deep Learning, quite interesting and impressive.
Excellent course and course materials. Andrew Sir explained each concept beautifully(no other word coming to my mind). Totally worth it. I now have confidence that I can learn deep learning. Looking forward to next course
This is a great course, I've learned a lot about deep learning like: forward propagation, backward propagation, neural network, deep neural network, and so on. I'm very exciting to attend more classes about deep learning.
Explanations, pace and clarity are just perfect. Only the last assignment was quite confusing due to varying indexations (list vs parameters dictionary) and varying return value A instead of prev_A  is I recall correctly.
Simple but useful. However, I really need a class and especially homework to teach me how to derive back-propagation  algorithm, which is important for job interviews of machine learning/data mining/data science  in China
The teaching of this course was very clear, and the coding parts took you by the hand and focused you on the core concepts without making you struggle too much with debugging. I'm surprised at how accessible they made it.
The course is perfectly designed to provide practical knowledge of programming and applying the concepts and also makes it easier to understand the basics and fundamentals of the computation happening behind the program.
If you are looking for a starting point to begin your journey of deep learning I will strongly recommend this course. Although it is mostly theoretical but programming exercise give you a chance to try your coding skills
i have done tensorflow courses earlier. but to be able to implement deep NNs without using external frameworks was impossible for me, until i discovered this course. great explanation and quality questions + assignments.
Prof. Andrew has proven that no one can teach Deep Learning better than him. The way is build upon simple concepts and implements them is assignment is what gives the learner confidence in the practicality of the theory.
it's a very interesting training course, full of guides, the professor is an incredible knowledgeable man, the interview is such as as the presentation course, all things are soooo nice, see you in the next course 2 of 5
The best course to take up while starting of with deep learning . The instructor has structured the course were well , not just giving us only the overview of the concepts, but really builds up a very in depth intuition.
The course was plenty helpful even for me, not knowing a single word about NN. The instructor is really good and accompanied by quizzes and assignments you will a get picture of how NN works. Thank you very MUCH Coursera
Andrew did a great job of being clear with his explanations without sacrificing the pace of the course. If your goal is to progress swiftly with your learning and acquire understanding/intuition, this is the one to take.
Excellent course by Andrew N.G . It explains in detail how to build logistic regression and a convolutional neural network with two and more than two layers. Overall an excellent course to get started with deep learning.
I feel much more confident about my skills after completing this course. All the topics are explained in very simply language and that helped me staying focused. Plus, "Heroes of Deep Learning" section kept me motivated.
A great theoretical walk-through of the key concepts behind neural networks. The programming exercises also help further cement the understanding you get from the videos. By far best course on neural networks I've found.
Excellent course to get a clear understanding on what "Deep" learning is, how it compare to "Shallow" learning . Also how Neural Networks and Deep Learning relate. Also as always Dr. Andrew Ng is THE best at teaching ^_^
Finally, after getting confused by text-based literature for a long time, I understand what a deep neural network does from here. Thanks, thanks very much!! Prof Andrew's lecture is really informative and understandable.
learn from scratch how to code in numpy an L-layer neural network (the proposed code has a well organized structured)understand forward and backward propagation (from coding point of view)learn some useful best practices
Excellent content. Concepts like backpropagation, importance of vectorization, dimensional equality of vectors were taught in the most simple and easy to understand way. The difficulty level was also gradually increased.
The programming prictice is wonderful, I learn a lot of new methods and thoughts about machine learning and programming.idea-model iteration, symmetry breaking and vectorization etc. leaves a very deep impression for me.
Amazing course. It really enthused in me a deep interest and liking for deep learning. I am thankful to coursera from bottom of my heart for accepting my financial aid plea and granting me free enrollment for the course.
Great course to deeply understand the basic processes behind all DL algorithms. I would recommend it to those who want to get a deep understanding of the main building blocks required in a neural network-based algorithm.
Very good introduction into the topic. The mathematical notation is very clear, which makes it easy and fun to learn the concepts and to finish the programming assignments. The programming assignments are well explained.
Excellent lectures.  Programming assignments are straight forward but very efficient.  I did not have to spend a lot of time to do them but I felt that I learned the essences of the lectures by following the assignments.
Really enjoyed this course - demystified deep learning to a degree that enabled me to learn and want to learn more. I've always enjoyed Dr. Andrew's courses, and I've rated Coursera to be one of the best MOOCs available.
Very helpful for people who has related background but new to deep learning. I have learned not only the the underlying algorithms of deep neural network, but  also practical coding skills for implementing deep learning.
Contents in this course are awesome. The way Andrew teaches will give in depth understanding of actual operation of neural nets. I enjoyed a lot while figuring out the nuances of neural nets. Thanks Andrew and Coursera.
At first, it pretty much looks like a Linear Algebra, matrices and a bit of Calculus course (not very deep though) but especially in the last week the videos help you make sense of that Math. Thanks professor Andrew Ng!
This course is beginning of neural networks and deep learning .With this course i have learnt about nearal networks forward propagation and backward propagation nd how to implement that in python and predicting an image
The course of damn exciting. All about Neural Networks put together in the proper order and simplified explanation. I admire Prof. Andrew Ng. Though he is an expert, he made it easy even for beginners to love NN and DL!
Had a thorough understanding of how back propagation works and got to know how forward and backward propagation are used to update weights by gradient descent. The best course for starting to learn about neural network!
Earlier I have done this course from youtube.I Just made account and started doing this over again, skipping what i have done already ; ) . I can't get certificate but that's ok. Special thanks for not making this paid.
An exceptional course !!!Learned to implement neural networks from scratch, not through library like other courses.Prof. Andrew is an amazing teacher. This course builds a very solid base for any deep learning beginner.
This course is the perfect sequel for the introductory Machine Learning course by Andrew Ng. Although I felt that a little more depth should have been there while explaining the 'cache', I nevertheless loved the course.
Fantastic course. A must for anybody who wants to develop expertise in NN and DL. While there are great tools like Keras. This course takes you through the inner workings of how DL works. Great job Andrew and your team.
Perfect course for someone who wants to get a good idea of neural networks. The instructor is really good and it is obvious that he has devoted much time to make the assignments such as you can get the most out of them.
This course is excellent, very well paced and clearly presented.  The lecturer could have gone faster over some parts and a bit slower over others but that is nit picking - overall excellent and very clear descriptions.
This course is very valuable for the Data Science professionals. Every thing in this course is explained in easily understandable from. Thanks professor Adrew for your teachings. I will definitely use it in my projects.
I really liked how the assignments  were structured. I helps a lot that all the messy input preprocess is already done.  Also, the interviews where very exiting. That is something that I'll like to see even more.Thanks!
I particularly liked the way the explanation of forward and back propagation was structured. It was repeated three times (logistic regression, two layer shallow network and the L-layer deep network), which was helpful.
Best course. The most good side of this course are  the well defined assignments which are designed for a zero to hero approach ,even a unexperienced coder can solve them by reading the given explaination and comments.
Another great course by Andrew Ng, but I wished there was less spoon-feeding in the assignments. The verification of results sometimes revealed parts of the solution. Nevertheless, I've learnt so much from this course.
What I like about this course How I really I understood mathematics behind Neural networks, I was really struggling to understand mathematics behind back prop but in this course it makes more sense now Thank you Andrew
The Course covers Foundations to ANN and Deep Learning. It was excellent. Helpful even for a beginner from scratch to design a NN. The Mentor lectures and the information shared is excellent. Great.. Enjoyed the course
A best course to understand the fundamentals of the Neural Networks. Though you mightn't understand in the first two weeks but from week 3 you can get the better idea about the whole course including the previous weeks
This is really good course in understanding the theory behind Neural networks. Even the assignments are very good and experience the glimpse of neural nets by doing it. I recommend doing it if you are beginner like me.
hands down, amazing course! I love the fact that the course explains most mathematical details without diving too deep into them, even though my good mathematical background helped me so much to understand many things!
This course gives me the precise idea of how a deep neural network works. From now, I can implement a neural network from scratch and the mathematical equations inside a deep neural network are no more black box to me.
A wonderful journey to learn from scratch. Not only learned training Neural networks by training hyperparameters but also have a clear understanding of how it compares to Logistic regression. Thank you Andres and team.
I never found the online courses interesting until I enrolled in this course. The way the materials are organized and simplified implementation techniques helped me a lot to understand and successfully pass the course!
It had been many years since I touched linear algebra and optimization algorithms. This was a great course to come up to speed and refresh the math. Of course, NN and DL were well covered as well. Excellent instructor!
I'm 15, haven't taken calculus or linear algebra, and i still understood this class. Andrew Ng is great at explaining complex topics to a dummy like me! Love this course!! can't wait to use what i learned for projects.
Best course to start your Deep Learning journey. Every concept is taught in the simplest way possible with equations and mathematical understanding that builds our base in Deep Learning. I highly recommend this course.
Good intro to Neural Nets covering a lot of the foundations. I've found the structure of the code in some exercises to be relatively confusing (passing params dict), and would often obfuscate the point of the exercise.
The Course is very well documented, but the only thing which needs time is the back propagation derivative formula understandings. Overall this is way better and one of the best deep learning courses I have even taken.
This course is excellent, clear explications and practical exercises. Assignments are really guided step by step, so maybe it would be nice to have a final exercise where you have to think more about the implementation
This is an introductory and instructive course, it's helped me review the basis of neural networks. Besides, the interviews with some pioneers in deep learning are really inspiring, and that adds to fun of this course.
Thanks a lot for the course. It is very progressive, the short videos make it really easier for the learner to remember. Mathematical features are clearly detailled and recalled to keep it in mind between each session.
The course was really interesting.Helped a lot to deeply understand about neural network and its working.The programming assignments really improved the confidence to work on neural  networks and implement it correctly
Sometimes lecture vague and instructions unclear.  Also rating broken, tried to give lower rating but glitched and wouldn't let me, only would let me give higher rating.  I would actually rate this program three stars.
Excellent course! I just would recommend doing the Machine Learning course before starting this specialization. Although is it a bit old (from 2011) it explains all Neural Network concepts much more slowly and didatic.
I love Andrew's class and how his brings students from ground zero to top in understanding the basics and use.  Assignments are well details and self explanatory. Thanks for creating this course and your contributions
An In-depth course to learn the concepts regarding Neural Networks, how to use them, how to build them and Assignments played a crucial role in implementing the concepts that I have understood in  the course lectures.
To get started from basic, This course helped me to understand AI and to be able to follow other courses in this Specialization. I also enjoyed the talks with heros, where Andrw Ng often asked how to break into AI :).
i feel satisfied to know how things work at the backend of a NN , especially those heroes Module was an eye opener .!! Deep learning  by itself is a separate branch of study, thanks Andrew N G for creating this course
This course is great and covers the fundamentals of neural networks, e.g. how to implement a neural network from scratch without any libraries, so it doesn't really give you an overview of the deep learning ecosystem.
Great course. However, submitting assignments has problems that need to be fixed. I had to submit the same assignment multiple times till the grader finally graded the part of the assignment it wasn't grading earlier.
It was really inspiring to pass this course. Step by step I was getting new knowledge and therefore satisfaction from learning new things. Now I am going to start the second course of the Deep Learning Specialization.
Amazing course, I always thought deep learning is something super impossibly hard but it turned out that even I could learn it. Thank you to all who worked on that course. I owe you all a beer or actually lots of them
great course, i love the maths. Andrew Ng explanations are really good. I think i now have a better understanding of the building blocks for Neural Networks , how to vectorized and compute the dimensions of my matrix.
It is an excellent course. I used to be afraid that deep learning may be a hard course. Andrew changed my view to this field. Those lectures are easy to understand and assignment well designed. I really appreciate it.
Great course. It would be great if you could provide all video slides as PPT and PDFs. All videos should have the slides, not only select few.Slides should be downloadable all in one instead as a link under each video
Best experience ever, the way topics are covered one can easily understand them and after each lesson you can review your performance. Understand how neural network works, looking forward to learn more in this course.
A very good and well structured course for getting an overview about neural networks. However, for a deeper and better understanding of the material, you will need dive into some professional books on neural networks.
This course is a good to understand fundamentals of deep-learning. Unhurried, yet practical, it incrementally builds building bloks, structures thinking about deep-learning projects, and stays relevant all this while.
Neural networks field has evolved enormously in 20 years. And not least with respect how it's taught. Learning materials replay ideas from different angles and this greatly boosts gaining understanding of the subject.
Great introduction to Neural Networks and Deep Learning. Highly recommend for all those interested in the subject matter. Programming assignments in particular give good exposure to practical aspects of deep learning.
It's cool. And it's really good to walk through the implementation.And also, this course helps me to understand why we are doing the vectorization and some of the optimizations.Also, using Jupyter Notebook is awesome!
I have watched many videos on Youtube on Neural networks and none of them was telling the fundamentals with Python. This course is awesome and helped me a lot to learn more details on NN. Thanks to Andrew and team!!!
Very good introduction to the subject. Even if you have no idea about the subject and have little knowledge of math, you can follow up the lectures and quizzes and exercises and understand the tools used in packages.
Very well organized content. The programing assignments were well structured to aid in the understanding for beginners. Since Back propagation is tricky to understand some more time and video could have been devoted.
Just loved the course the way Andrew Ng was explaining and the assignments are a gem for the learning and the discussion form was helpful for me during my doubts and any suggestions that i required thank you Coursera
I've gone through more than one Deep Learning course over the last months, and this is honestly the best series of courses available online. They go into more depth, explaining loads of nuances that others just skip.
IF you want to learn the basics , and you're not having a strong background in maths. I strongly recommend this course.Neat explanations and assignment will be pretty neat as well. Good enough to plant a proper idea.
This is easily the most efficient and dependable way to learn deep learningThe course is crafted and instructed in a way which helped me to know the correct use of the tools and made me understand where to apply them
Extremely good for people who want to get on well with deep learning. This course have changed my thoughts about AI and Neural Networks. This course contains the content you need for implementing Deep Neural Network.
The course helps us to understand the basic building blocks of Neural Networks. Andrew's classes are extraordinary. The training exercises and quizzes are challenging. Thanks Andrew for the wonderful course material.
One of the best online cources i ever learned from,just the right amount of maths,theory and codecoding assignments are fun they let u explore and be creative to try out new things being very instructive at same time
Excellent place to start your journey to learn about Neural Networks. Great instructor, excellent course content and layout and reasonably well structured programming assignments. Was a pleasure learning this course!
After completing the Introductory course of Machine learning by Andrew NG this is just the python extention of the course. Really liked the introduction to python numpy and how to implement the deep learning network.
For me this course was a review of an already known subject. The material is easy to access and very well explained. I'd recommend it to anybody wanting to learn about deep learning or strengthen their understanding.
An outstanding course with a lot of detailed explanations. I would appreciate more practice here (I mean, it is easy to pass it if you really follow instructions, so it might be more memorable if it was a bit harder)
Excellent course. It has improved my understanding of Deep Learning by great factor. The good aspect of this course is the right balance of theoretical explanation and practical application.Very well designed course.
Incredibly good course. Very well designed with neat examples to practice. Does a great job in laying down a good understanding of neural networks and deep learning. Don't miss out the section heros of deep learning!
Fantastic course at a very fundamental level. Andrew is a humble but very experienced practitioner who describes at a very accessible level. Only tip is to make sure you save frequently in the assignment notebooks...
This is a very valuable course with clear and detailed explanation from Andrew Ng and informative course materials. I highly recommend this course for anyone who is interested in going into AI image recognition space
What can I say? Just wow! I always thought that making a Neural Network is something beyond my capability. With the fundamentals laid out by Andrew Ng, I finally got an intuition into how Neural Networks really work.
Great course! Very detailed explanations with the lectures and  programming assignments.  Best part: I learned to build logistic regression and deep neural networks without using special high level library packages.
Excellent course. Though am intermediate beginner it was wonderful that I took this course. Thank you am so happy that I learnt many NN concepts neatly and assignments were an added advantage. It’s a quality course!
The course is laid out in a coherent manner with great classes and excellent exercises that walks you through the necessary steps to learn the basics of a neural network. Professor Andrew's classes were outstanding!
It deals with the basics of deep learning quite well. Though I previously had experience with machine learning, this course have made a lot of the aspects much clearer building a better intuition for neural networks
A highly recommend course I would say.  Helped me have a deep understanding of the theoretical knowledge and programming which helped keep my basis clear. Assignments especially were very helpful for me as practice.
The best ever Deep Learning specialization course that you would ever find. Andrew Ng is brilliant and learning this course becomes way simpler with the assignments. The optional interviews were highly informative .
Very detailed course. Helped me understand the fundamentals of the neural networks, especially the backpropagation very clearly. And implementing the model without the frameworks was very useful. Thanks to the team.
Best course to get started with NN and Deep Learning. Good coding assignments for intution of flow of numbers in our network. All the basics needed to build a NN covered properly. Extra guess talks were insightfull.
It really helps a lot as a introduction to neural networks and deep learning. It's OK even if you donot fluent in Python. Most importantly, this course helps me to build self conficence to learn more about AI and DL
This is an amazing course which gives a lot of crucial intuition towards the application of neural networks and how to make it more accurate. The maths behind each step is clearly explained. Great experience so far.
It is a well scheduled course suitable for beginners who interested in deep learning. After finishing this course, I consolidate my understanding wrt machine learning and gain insights into deep learning. Thank you!
The Course was really good . By completing this course of deeplearning.ai part 1 my most of the concepts of the neural networks and deep learning got cleared .So , I really thanks to Coursera and Andrew Ng for this.
This course is so great! Andrew Ng is the best teacher I've ever met. I am very surpriesd that learning deep learning can be so easy in this way. Recomand everyone intersting in deep learning must takes this course!
Very interesting course that has clearly shown that you don't need a math-heavy education in order to understand how deep learning works. I was surprised to see how the concept of backprop could be easily explained.
It is a great entry level course for those who first come to AI area even without much math background. However, I think it would be better if instructor can provide optional more detailed math behind the algorithm.
Previously I thought deep learning is very complex and hard to understand but Andrew did a great job simplifying the material and I really enjoyed his videos! looking forward on completing the entire specialization!
Excellent course with a great mix of neural network theory and hands on exercises.  I highly recommend this course for learners that would like a deeper understanding of how neural networks operate 'under the hood'.
A Delightful, Simple and Fascinating course which is topped with the incredible spread of Andrew Ng's sheer Passion.  This is a Super Star of Courses that makes you cruise along the Marvels of Deep Learning journey.
Fantastic course that will impart a solid practical understanding of NN. My only (minor) nitpick is that it could use lecture notes or written supplements to help students absorb some of the heavier math derivations
Very good course ! The idea to provide a cloud notebook is very good and makes things a lot easier overall. Helps to just focus on the actual material and the implementation of neural networks. Thank you Andrew NG !
This specialization is long overdue from Andrew Ng. I don't know long I would have taken to understand NN properly if Andrew Ng hadn't started this specialization. Absolutely brilliant teaching from a great teacher.
Thank you Andrew NG for making an awesome course on Deep learning, its very important to learn concepts of machine learning by understanding the algorithm behind it and more importantly not to use as black box tool.
A really good course on neural networks and deep learning for beginners especially. Good explanation of concepts, the graded quizzes and assignments really facilitate towards a better understanding of the concepts.
An excellent course.However some threads in the discussion forum remain unanswered.I urge the mentors to address each unique thread to the best of their ability without considering the quality of the question asked
This was an amazing experience with Andrew Ng Sir. I got an overview of the concepts in deep learning such as linear regression, logistic regression, vectorization, Overfitting, and underfitting of the module, etc.
This course was the most interesting course to me to start deep learning. Fundamentals taught in this course are so much helpful to understand the basics of DL. Thank you so much for having this course at Coursera.
Andrew is great! He explains everything in the necessary details. I've watched all the optional videos too and found them really interesting. If anyone wants to get started in Deep Learning this course it's perfect
Andrew NG's sirs course never disappoints . He provides a very pragmatic approach towards his teaching- concentrating right from the fundamentals to implementation in the lab sessions. Thank You & Expecting more !!
This course helped me understand the foundation of neural networks and relevant programming exercises helped in understanding the concepts. I am glad I opted for this course and thank you for compiling this course.
Having taken courses in different subjects from many providers, I can confidently say that this course is amazing. Some exceptionally great and clear teaching allows one to understand the concept on a deeper level.
Andrew Ng is a great instructor ! He starts by giving intuition about complex aspects of deep learning and builds on top of that. The math STEM students / graduates is pretty straightforward ! I highly recommand it
It was an excellent course that is extremely insightful for even people like us who do not have a good academic background of Neural Networks/Artificial Intelligence but are otherwise enthusiastic about this field.
I loved the assignments in the course, they seem to coach you and also hold your hand till you learn the concepts well and apply them to pass the tests.This may be an old course now , but its still very much valid.
Exceptional teaching. Course material is very lucid and structured for people who do not have a strong Mathematics/Stats/Software background. Great sources for building fundamentals. And as usual, Andrew Ng rocks !
Excellent course and material. Thank you Prof Ng. Suggestion : Probably one programming assignment could have been made more rigorous. Especially the last one. By rigorous , I meant "code a major chunk on our own".
Excellent course. Concepts are explained in detail with clear intuitions and purpose. Taking the Machine Learning course (by the same professor) before taking this course made everything extremely easier to follow.
A must course to understand what neural networks and Deep Learning is about. Well designed & structured course:  topics, material, videos, quizzes, programming assignments motivated & encouraged me to learn faster.
To know what is it from the inside, from the scratch not only gives you a bottom-up approach but gives an added advantage at a later stage when you get fluent in coding the DNNs and have a better Top down approach.
Well structured course with sufficient theory and adequate amount of exercises. One of the best course available in the internet to start with Deep Learning along with the hand on experience on image recognization.
Andrew is doing an amazing job by explaining complex ideas in clear words and terms. The learner is slowly introduced to main ideas step by step and the exercises are well written. A work of a master in his domain.
Yet another exceptional course, rather a whole specialization by Andrew Ng. He is an exceptional teacher with humble manners. I have learned a lot from his Machine learning course and now doing this specialization.
This course i really helpful for gaining some key insights on deep learning,especially neural networks. The course videos and programming assignments are structured perfectly and provide a good learning experience.
A must-do course for a beginner in Machine Learning. As a deep learning researcher I found this course brush up my fundamentals and helped reduce my minor coding errors that I usually encounter. Thank you Andrew Ng
Excellent material and world's best teacher makes it a very tempting and deeply educating, entertaining, enlightening course.  Also given the wind is blowing AI way, it is need of hour to know what AI is all about!
I have taken few Deep learning courses, including from Stanford. This was the best, and the simplest in explanation. It helps you to understand every simple detail. Andrew Ng is great educator, if not the greatest!
This is excellent teaching! The right pace, well-picked repetitions of certain aspects that allow to get routine and a good proportion of hands-on with python while not loosing the common theme and the big picture.
Andrew makes it easier to understand neural networks and deep learning, and the programming assignment helps me master what I have learned in the videos. This is a good course and I will recommend it to my friends.
It's a really good course to further learn neural networks. It's easier to understand and implement the methods. I also took less effort jumping out the stuck of programming compared to other similar courses. Great
it teaches deep learning and neural network fundamentals in a very efficient and effective way.The methodology of teaching creates a great environment to learn.Overall a great course for deep learning enthusiasts.
This course was very beautiful, from the way Andrew explained every concept to the way the questions made you think and understand the logic behind the model you're building; everything is just awesome. I love it.
This course launches you into the seemingly daunting world of Deep Learning. But Andrew Ng breaks it down into as basic of mathematics as possible, and gives you the necessary insight and confidence going forward.
Its an amazing course! I enjoyed the Calculus computations involved in the backward propagation as I knew calculus from before. Andrew NG explains concepts in simple terms and that makes this course special to me!
This course was very helpful. The videos were concise and very clear. The instructor was also very precise and made sure that the content i clearly explained. The programming assignments were very well structured.
Extremely helpful if someone wants a career in machine learning specialization. The instructor, Dr Ng is truly awesome at his skills to teach students with zero initial knowledge in the field of AI or mathematics.
It's a excellent course to enter the AI deep learning field. I've learned a lot from the course 1. and I will continue to study the rest of courses. Thanks Andrews for his excellent and hard work on those lessons.
Great course for learning about neural networks. But good python knowledge is required for doing the assignment.  Also, more details on vectorization and method of implementing in python for more cases would help.
It was a great experience. The lectures were simple and captivating. The assignments were designed well and in line with the course which helped understand mathematically challenging concepts like backpropagation.
Excellent Course.  This course explained the calculations very clearly step by step. Also thanks for the interview Videos with such great people. The Quiz questions were very helpful in checking our understanding.
Prof. Andrew N.G. has the uncanny ability to explain some of the most difficult topics in an easy and lucid manner. The quizzes and programing assignments are extremely well designed. Highly recommend this course.
This is an excellent course for anyone who wants to learn deep learning. In order to get the most out of the course, You will need to learn the mathematics parts before or while you doing the course. Thanks Mr Ng!
During my college days I used to be scared of neural networks. This is the first time in my life I am able to implement it. Don't know how Andrew did this. He is not just a great researcher , and a better teacher.
It was hard in the second week to accept and be familiar at the definition of the words, but after that, my understanding towards deep learning get more faster!! I want to thank professor Andrew Ng for hard work!!
Very well structured, step by step explanations, going deep into the material so you'd understand the purpose of the nn details and specifications. The professor is giving the best possible lectures on this topic.
Its a course that exposes you the underlying theory of deep learning. You may not need this while using tensorflow etc. however it will give you a greater understanding of how the whole thing works. Its not magic.
This course with very helpful. I've been reading a lot of paper and searching for tutorials but I could not get started. This course gave me the needed fundamentals and showed me how to look at the problem. Thanks
A perfect course for those who already have some basic understanding of machine learning. And of course some understanding of linear algebra , probability theory and calculus makes you a great fit for this course.
I think Andrew gave a very structured and detailed introduction. In later courses, he progressively add more information to this big framework. This course is very foundational but useful. I learned a lot from it.
Same as the Machine Learning course, Andrew and co. made it very easy to learn, at the same time go into a lot of details and inspire lots of ideas. Highly recommended to anyone interested in ML or Neuron Networks
Andrew does fantastic job at explaining how NN computation works (forward/backward pass and gradients). Working things out on paper and then with Python at 1-n layered networks delivers the point very effectively.
This course gave me a solid practical ideas how to implement a simple neural network in Python. Also, it improved my knowledge of the neural networks at whole, so it's very useful for the beginners in this field.
Amazing course! It was a pleasure learning with you. I would strongly recommend taking this course, as you will get strong knowledge of not only how to use neural networks, but also on the mathematics background.
I would be very happy to get more visual explanation on the matrix for backpropagation and cache relationship. The course covers every aspect very well and the optional content is also very intriguing. Thank you!
Extremely interesting. I was able to fully grasp how backpropagation works and how learning actually takes place. I feel that I understand the fundamentals of deep learning quite well after completing the course!
The teacher explained very well, step by step. I loved the course because you understand both theoretical and practical parts. And it's very good that there are Portuguese legends, I managed to follow the course.
Best Course to Learn DL.There was not a single thing that I didn't understand also the assignments were so exciting and also ordered in such a way that everything I did came out to be true. Thanks deeplearning.ai
The course was perfect taught, yet the assignments wasn't that handy since the implementation is no near from the production level and also writing just tiny pieces of code does not make you aware of all content.
A bit more of explanation on how the elementwise product formula for dZ[1] in gradient descent/backward prop of deep neural network has been derived. Not clear how outputs of a cache are really used in back prop.
This course is recommended for the math backed people. or those who have finished the introductions into machine learnings. The mathematical innards have been explain with such simplicity. Its an awesome course!!
This course has really helped me to understand what is deep learning and how it is implemented. Andrew ng, as always, has done a great job in explaining all the concepts involved in solving deep learning problems
Wish the forum Q&A were optimized for better searches. I really enjoyed the hands-on approach even though I am not a software developer. I am a technical product manager trying to understand the general approach.
I am thankful to the Prof. Andrew Ng  and Coursera to provide this online learning platform to the learners like me. I like this course and the way Prof. Andrew Ng explained the Neural Network concept profoundly.
Clears all the basics and very conceptual. So good for those who wanna dive deep into neural networks. The graded assignments were awesome, where one builds neural network from scratch. Overall a nice experience.
This was recommended to me by a colleague, and I was not at all disappointed. Top-notch course, I learned a lot and had a fun time working through the programming labs. I will definitely recommend this to others.
Very good introduction to neural networks. The teacher takes his time to clearly explain the mathematical background and the coding - including many repetition which are needed for this topic. Highly recommended.
Great course, to the point and with enough detail to keep you interested and not discourage.Also, the interviews with Deep Learning professionals keep you motivated and are very interesting.Great job, keep it up!
Great Course. Concepts like Back Propagation are taught in a very simplified manner. Great exercises give you confidence on how NN functions internally, instead of just using them as a black box. Much recommended
I took his course about Machine Learning about 3 years ago It was really helpful to understand ML. This course is much improved not only in the content itself but also the coding exercise. Thank you Prof. Andrew!
Great course!, very specific and detailed; It teaches you from the foundations of deep learning and programming examples that make you think a lot. It handles tools with great potential for various applications.
The assignments are really well designed! Even though I've already taken a deep learning class at my university and I'm a teaching assistant of the deep learning course, refreshing this knowledge is always good.
everything's fine!But it will be better if you teach some more basics regarding programming in the beginning itself.So it will be easier for the students who are not so good at corresponding programming platform
I think this is the best course to get a proper understanding of deep learning and neural networks. Everything was explained with clarity so that there wasn't any doubt. Thank you Andrew Ng and the Coursera Team
Every course from Andrew is great. I really appreciated the new format versus the older version of the course: having several modules instead of a unique course is more manageable especially for professionals...
I was very impressed by the balance between theory and practicality for deep learning foundations.  I thoroughly enjoyed the videos, quizzes, and assignments.   I look forward to more classes by deeplearning.ai.
I am so glad i came across this course, Andrew NG sir has taught the entire course with such patience and explaining everything accurately, This is one of the best courses for deep learning available on internet
An extremely good approach to the neural networks. I started to deep learning with this course and I understood the mechanic lying under it thanks to professor Andrew Ng. Thanks a lot for giving us this lecture.
It was a fantastic course. It takes up one topic and explains as much possible as in 4 weeks. It has thrown light to minute details that we normally oversee. It really helped strengthen my Neural network Skills.
Very well made and effective introductory course. I especially appreciated the programming part, which teaches how to write readable and well-organized code to build DNNs (included forward and back propagation).
I'd used Neural Networks a lot of times by myself but it seems like I hadn't understood them in details although I could implement them. Through this course, I got a sense of them especially the way of backprop.
I have learned DL on youtube and through a lot of other resources. But, this course dives deeper and it's more comprehensive than any tutorial I have come across. I will definitely recommend it for any engineer.
This was the best course I ever had after graduation. Will definitely recommend other students to take this specialization to get deep intuitive understanding about the subject. Practical sessions were the best.
Thanks to the supervision of the mentors for this course i have come into the knowledge of the implementation / inner workings of an artificial neural network. It is a great material for the budding AI developer
One of the best;No the best course in Coursera-Not too deeply mathematical, not too superfluous just right to build the intuitions and the programming assignments are absolute gems.Thanks for this amazing course
Excellent paced and well thought out so as not to overwelm. I understand the time it must have taken to design it and much appreciated. That along with the experience of the coursera platform is a guarantee hit!
This was a really good course for a beginner as well as an intermediate programmer looking to get into Deep Learning. I highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to start their journey into Deep Learning.
Professor Ng, can explain complected algorithms easily.I also taking his ML Stanford course, which is a must for anyone trying to learn ML in Coursera.Thanks for this course  professor Ng, keep on the good work.
It is really good!!! Only thing is that you have to know python well before starting this course else it might take lot of time for the person....I am lucky that i  better had a good idea about numpy package :P
Simply a spectacular course for those with requirements as mentioned in the course description, the instructor is awesome, I understood everything intended to be taught, assignments were really well structured.
The course structure has been designed in a way that doesn't overwhelm students with notations and derivations of formulas. This will help me to expand on this specialisation with further work in deep learning.
Very informative and all the concepts were wonderfully and clearly explained by Prof.Andrew Ng and the assignments helped a lot in understanding the application of deep learning. A great course overall. Cheers!
It is really a good course for beginners. It clears my all doubts about neural network. The assignments are so easy so that I have learned hoe to implement the theoretical part which we discussed in the course.
Great lectures given by Andrew Ng sir.Mathematical expressions and notations are nicely explained and that helps me a lot to understand deep learning  very in-depth.Thank you so much for this valuable resources
A great way to get in touch systematically with Deep Learning concepts!. You will be prepare for study in-depth text books after this course, and you will be conscious about what kind of math you need to grasp.
The course is extremely well done, very informative and gives you a thorough insight of machine learning in general. It is absolutely newbie-friendly, but gets the information to you properly. Highly recommend.
Amazing. I loved the teacher and how he explains everything! I also enjoy the bonus videos very much! He teaches step by step how to understand and build a deep learning algorithm. Loved it. Every second of it.
The way Professor Ng presented the N-layer network was very easy to grasp and understand. Professor Ng is a great teacher who gives great intuition to students and make the advanced concepts easy to understand.
With a bit of ML basics and Python background, I think any Data Science aspirant can approach this course with ease. Andrew Ng has done a phenomenal job once again! Looking forward to the rest of the courses :)
I'm loving the way Andrew Sir is teaching. He explains everything very clearly and the programming assignments are very well organized with the iPython Notebooks. So, it is turning out to be a very nice course.
Absolutely great in delivering basics of deep learning. All exercises are really friendly for beginners in terms of deep and simultaneously explanations, so that one knows why and how the code works afterwards.
very easy to follow, nicely done presentation and very well explained; pretty nice organized programming exercises which step by step guide to how to elegant solve particular problem. well done for this course!
Andrew Ng explains Deep Learning in clear language. The lecturer is very good at explaining complicated-looking calculus math. The heroes interview is good since it provides up-to-date and practical AI advises.
Excellent course.Quizes,assignments played a major role in understanding the concepts even more better and the videos explanation were clear and good.Overall great experience and as a beginner i learned a lot.
Really useful for starting on neural networks for almost anybody. Although some Maths and Computer Science background are highly beneficial, people who don't can get away with it and learn a lot in the process
This is honestly the toughest online class I've ever attended. But it taught me a lot, the mathematical proofs were a little complex but after continuously replaying the videos, I got an average understanding.
I was always curious about what is the magic behind the Algorithms that makes algorithm to learn..I highly recommend this course if you want to  learn the intuition of Neural Networks (so called magic) and AI.
Great course that really gives you a deep understanding of what machine learning algorithms are doing under the hood and how you can create your own using nothing but numpy (more or less!). Highly recommended!
I really loved the way in which Andrew Ng taught the concepts. It is really nice to learn from someone who is well versed with the concepts of deep learning. I would surely recommend this course to my friends.
For a person who is already familiar and has implemented all of these before, it will still be useful going over the lectures once and doing the projects to brush up. It will help strengthen your fundamentals.
The learning curve is brilliant. Even for people who are not much well versed with the mathematics that goes behind the hood the lectures have been presented in a way to practice machine learning successfully.
The course was both rigorous, yet fully supportive and technically sound. The exercises weren't watered down, instead, there was ample explanation and directives to make solving it feasible, given enough time.
Love this course. It takes a genius of a pedagogy to explain and present such complicated and complex subject in such a simple and elegant way. Very excited to move on to the next course of the Specialization.
I can tell you that this is the only course that you can find to truly understand the mathematics behind the neural network. You will make a neural network from scratch! Best course I have seen so far. 5 Star!
It teaches you the basics of Neural Networks. If you already know something of NN it might be too be basic, but I really appreciated the fact that the assignments forces you to implement networks from scratch.
Awesome course!!! It helped me understand a lot of topics and I could get an ideology of how neural networks work to the required depth. I really thank Coursera and Deeplearning.ai for providing such a course.
It`s a great course for beginner, the exercises are helpful to us for understanding the basic structure of NN, and not being too difficult to scare off most beginner in both Python Programming and NN learners.
Andrew is a very good teacher! The lectures are very clear and easy to understand. The assignments are even better, comprehensive but easy to follow. Anyway, the course opens the doors of deep learning for me.
This was an excellent course. I feel like I have a solid understanding of the basics of neural networks, can can talk intelligently about forward and back propagation, and why we need to compute the gradients.
Andrew is really a good teacher. I learned a lot though the concept was still somehow unclear to me, but it is because deep learning itself is complicated. Andrew has done a great job in going through details.
Great course with detailed explanation of how to build neural networks from scratch. A bit easy for a physics PhD, but like it as I can go through all the calculus and linear algebra for a much better insight.
Lectures are very very good, I have much clearer intuition for backprop now. The assignments were a little messy to me as i'm used to static typing and clear structures instead of all these confusing tuples :)
Great course! For me it was a bit of refresher as I already completed Machine Learning course, but it was very beneficial, plus doing the assignments with Python allowed me to familiarize with Python language.
Andrew Ng is such an amazing teacher. He makes the fundamentals so easy to understand in the videos and the assignments really do bring it all together. Love this. I'm looking forward to the remaining courses.
Great intro into deep learning! Andrew Ng does a great job explaining forward prop, back prop, their vectorized implementation and many other things regarding deep learning algorithms implementation on Python.
The course starts from the very basics of neural networks, and little by little introduces concepts that are implemented in code until developing a simple but functional model. I strongly recommend the course.
Excellent introductory course in Deep Learning. Builds most of required know-how for upgrading then to TensorFlow-based (or Theano) DL model development (both deep MLP intuition and tensor-computation basics).
Very nice introduction to deep learning, also programming exercises are well guided. In IT there is a said, "The IT is not teached, is it learned" and Andrew Ng does a remarkable guiding through this courses.
Nice compact course to learn the basics of deep learning, backpropagation, and many other important application on the python Numpy platform. Needless to say, the teaching technique of Andrew Ng is marvelous.
A great course. Can highly be recommended to anyone need to learn deep learning without excellent programming knowledge. High-quality course materials and programming assignments. I hope to learn furthermore.
Brilliant course by Professor Andrew NG and the Mentors. The videos and assignments are structured in a brilliant manner so that you get a satisfying intuition and understanding about how deep learning works.
this is a  great self-paced course. Really well structured videos, quiz, programming assignments with great faculty. I am a beginner in neural networks. If I can do it, anyone with interest and diligence can.
Best course I have ever seen in online classes. During my master classes my teacher teach your slide and now I am studying you content and also making projects now Allhamdulliah. Thanks Andrw NG. Love you sir
This is an amazing course with an amazing teacher. Everything is explained clearly from the beginning to the end. Thanks a lot Professor Andrew Ng. I intend to go further in learning the whole specialization.
A highly engaging course to get started with Neural Networks.  In particular I appreciate how Prof. Ng takes the time to cover off several of the important mathematical fundamentals - excited to push forward!
This class will introduce you the basic knowledge required in the neural networks and deep learning. Personally, I think if you study carefully and consistently, the quizzes and assignments are not very hard.
The course does an awesome job to keep the heavy mathematical background to the most fundamental and important parts. Videos were really painless. The practicality of the assignments was at the perfect level.
Prof. Andrew Ng; yet again a big thank you for this wonderful course on Deep Learning. This is my second course after the flagship course on Machine Learning. Amazing insights and a great methodology. Thanks!
Even without the knowledge of Machine Learning, the course is so considerate for the beginner of Deep Learning. And the homework is specific enough for the learners to know what is happening in Deep Learning.
Very well designed course. A very basic knowledge in python will be very helpful. But the course is designed in a very helpful way. Even a very little knowledge you can make deep learning model. It is awesome
The course is very useful. I learnt basics of deep learning. I finally know how it works and what kind of math is behind AI. I really appreciate programming exercises which let me fully understand the theory.
An excellent course.  Highly recommended.  Must know some fundamentals about Machine Learning to get the maximum benefit from this course.  I took this course after I took Machine Learning taught by Andrew Ng
Near zero chance not to understand the basics of neural networks in this course, it is extremely well prepared and thought through. A course like this should be mandatory in business schools and universities.
Gets across the underpinning neural network algorithm without going into unnecessary mathematical detail, instead focussing on building intuitions that will be useful when applying the algorithms in practice.
Professor Andrew Ng is the best teacher I ever had!    Andrew is able to explain, wisely (make
me understand), that complex topics become intuitive and simple.  It’s essential and practical in industrial R&D.
Incredibly interesting with detailed instructions. Small side note: While a deep understanding of calculus and linear algebra isn't required I think it may be tough to follow along without getting frustrated.
Mr. Andrew Ng. is such a nice person! I'll be debt to him for what he have done for quenching my thirst of knowledge in this new born technology..Again Thank you to Mr. Andrew Ng. and your wonderful team !!!
I had good understanding of the mathematical aspect of Neural networks through this course which is helpful while building a neural network and fine tuning its parameters to improve accuracy , error metrics.
Got to know about the mathematics behind idea of neural networks and could successfully implement it in an image classifier. Though its accuracy was not very much(76%), it brought me satisfaction of learning
It is a very good for beginners and for expert also if the experts would like to consider all this material from the very user-friendly point of view (for example, for teachers who teach in the same domain).
Excellent course. Down to the code details. Very practical advice without loosing theoretical intuition. Seems to me a quick good starting point to learn DL, comparing to what I could do by self-study alone.
If you really want to understand neural networks and deep learning, this is the course to take. I learned a lot in this course and I feel pretty excited to take the rest of the courses in the specialization.
Extremely good for building intuition of the fundamentals! You are required to implement everything from scratch without using any deep learning libraries and the math is kept basic. Very good for beginners!
It is amazing to see the appropriate quiz which can enhance my understanding to basic concepts. The way of grading is also impressed. I like the way of conducting this course, very like a in-class lecturing!
After completing this course I feel so confident about my knowledge of deep learning. I am so excited that I took the red pill in deep learning and now I am inquisitive to know how deep the rabbit hole goes.
Awesome course. I like how Andrew Ng is explaining complex concepts about neural networks in a simple way. Highly recommend this course for everyone which want to learn or improve skills about deep learning.
The best course I have taken so far. Andrew Ng is a great teacher the lectures he provide are easy to understand. Those who want to pursue their career in deep learning, this is a great course to start with.
thank andrew and coursera. The course is very interesting And the practice part and programming part are very helpful. I think i will go on with this course looking forward to the second course. thanks again
I'm grateful to Coursera for designing such a nice course to help me understand the core , tough concepts of Neural Networks and it's intro application to deep learning in such an effective manner. Thank you
The course is really good, and give me a basic and better understanding of Deep Learning. The concepts of deep learning including back and forward propagation are illustrated so clear and easy to understand.
The is one of the most wonderful course I have ever done in my lifetime! I am very fortunate to have taken this course and admire Andrew Ng and team's every effort made to put this wonderful course together!
Thank you so much Andrew for creating this easy and understandable deep learning course. I've got some fundamentals and still I am passionate about learning the next step. I will give all the credits to you.
This course thought me lots of basics and put it in the right structure and perspective. Before the course I knew lots of details as a piece meal. Now I have it all stringed together. Andrew, great work sir!
Very-concentrated-on-core-concepts-during-lecture-and-coding-exercises.-No-extra-detour-and-unnecessary-details-to-distract-learning.-Coding-tips-are-helpful.-Sorry-I-can't-type-spaces,-using-dashes-instead.
This course is very easy, here all themes will be explained, even derivatives from y = x^k. I recommend this course for those of you, who want to go deep in calculus forward propagation and backpropagation.
The course is a good starting for Neural Network and Andrew explains each and every step. Transition from simple Logistic Regression to Deep Neural Network is so smooth. Thanks to teaching skills of Andrew.
Building everything from scratch, although I was already familiar with NN was a great practice and gave me the confidence to build my own network with different layers and different optimization algorithms.
This course got me started with Deep Learning. From basics of calculus to forward propagation to backward propagation to activation functions to cost computation to matrix computations. This is really good.
I would recommend this course to every person who is thinking to start a career in this field. Every essential aspect of deep learning is covered. Congratulations to all the people who designed this course.
This course is very interesting and the presenter made the course an wonderful session and his explanations are awesome and I just love this course and looking forward for the further courses.Thanks a lot!!
This course is wonderful. I am a beginner. I am just a high school student and know very less about machine learning and deep learning but professor explained in a very easy manner. I found it very helpful.
For me this is the more complete and detailed course on deep learning online. I can only recommend it. I really feel that I understand and I'm also able to explain what is going on in a deep neural network.
this course is my first experience in Coursera, I think this site is amazing and I'm very glad to know about Coursera. also, Andrew ng is the best, I have learned so much from him. Thank you for all of this
this course makes me clearly understand lots basic concepts in neural networks. however the assignment is a little bit too easy, too much hint given and also should not show the expect value for each steps.
This is a very good course for anyone, irrespective of your background, who is interested in becoming a deep learning expert. Andrew Ng really did a good job here. And by the way I sparingly give reviews...
Excellent course once again!I am revising my previous knowledge, and this course it build using python which is really a plus point for the enterprise level implementation of these skills.Thanks once again.
very good course to begin the journey into deep nets, especially details given in backward prop. extra points given to how to structured the deep nets step by step from in a clean state of the art approach.
I learnt a lot from this course. I have understood the implement details of neural network especially deep learning network more clearly than before when I was learning machine learning course by Andrew Ng.
This course help me a lot. It's the great intuition about how deep neural networks work. But, some errors occur such as i can not save my work on notebook. Hope it will help you improve your system. Thanks.
Great class! It took me more that 4 weeks due to my work schedule. If you can push through programming assignments without breaks you will be better off (due to context switch and re-learning the material).
This is a great course. Everything is very well explained by Andrew. Can be recommended to anyone at any expertise level. A must-do for anyone interested in learning about neural networks and deep learning.
Very nice hands on course. The material presented in a very logical and concise way. This is my first neural networks course and I loved it. Looking forward to see if I can use it to my domain of expertise.
I tried several documents and videos to understand deep learning and neural networks. It is definetely most useful one so far. It is a good idea to take the course if you are interested in machine learning.
It gives not only a way to learn deep learning knowledge but also a way to practice deep learning skills but the practice may be not enough to master such a sophistic skill.  It's good but it can be better.
The course is very good but the programming assignment should be more challenging!i would like to take my assignment something like just given the interfaces and material and i will implement it by my self!
Great course!  Pretty dense for a first course - I'm taking a break and studying what I just learned.  Then I'll go to the second course.  This is what you need if you want to do deep learning from scratch.
Great Course! The instructor explains everything so well. Programming Assignments are very structured and are helps us to know how to implement the theoretical concepts discussed in the videos in practice.
Great course, though i have been working with DL models before this course, i never intuitively understood their internal workings. This course strengthened by basics and enhanced my understanding about DL
The course is great, you don't have to know a lot of calculus to follow through however basic knowledge of linear algebra can help in easily grasping the fundamentals. The assignments are also very helpful
It is a very helpful course with all the detailed discussion about deep learning and neural networks. Prof. Andrew ng is helpful and teach very well. I am excited to do more courses of this specialization.
The course is really helpful to develop a better intuition about the algorithmic working of neural networks.The calculus portion was just the right amount and the programming assignments were fun to solve.
Really easy to understand for someone who has no knowledge about neural networks before! Coding exercises helped me remember the concepts better. Even if you are experienced, this would be a great refresh!
The course gave me a broad idea of the concepts involved in building a Neural network. The programming assignments helped me gain a clear understanding of concepts. This was an amazing learning experience!
Really helpful in understanding the mechanism behind the working of various deep learning concepts. It gave me a clear view of how the algorithms actually work and got a chance to implement them on my own.
The course is very structured and well taught. Andrew Ng is one of the best instructors. After completing the course my confidence is boosted up. I am going to take remaining courses in the specialization.
This is a great course to get into Deep Learning. A little too much calculus I would say, but this gives you a solid base for further exploration. The assignments a very well structured. Highly recommended
Very easy to understand introduction to deep learning with great examples providing a good overview of the fundamentals of deep learning. Andrew Ng's great teaching style makes this a very enjoyable class.
A great course with the best explanation of the mathematics applied and I just got to learn to build a neural network in a theoretical, mathematical and practical way. Thanks to Coursera and Andrew NG Sir.
This course helped me unfold the Deep learning Blackbox for me.I would like to thank the mentor and the organiser for structuring the course in a way where we can get a descent understanding of the basics.
the code in the programming assignments needs to be explained more thoroughly , if in the video not only the forward and backpropagation part but also few other parts are explained it will be more helpful.
An excellent introduction to deep learning. Only feedback is that the derivation of the math behind the backpropagation equations was not shown for people wanting to understand how the formulas came about.
After this I am a great fan of Andrew Ng. I mean the simplicity he has used to explain nn and deep learning is legendary. Assignment and Quizes were well suited for testing the understanding from lectures.
Andrew made this basic but very important knowledge much easier to understand. The python practice part is also very helpful. It rechecked the parts I didn't really understand after the lecture. Do thanks.
I read a lot about NN. With this course, I got to see/do the implementation of it with bare bone structure, which absolutely solidified my knowledge and gave me a much better understanding of fundamentals.
Excellent course if you are interested to understand how things work at very low level. Clear explanation of the algorithm rather than just programming with some high level framework, makes it interesting.
This is a beginner's guide to neural network and deep learning, with excellent build up of exercises. Don't let the math scare you as you will have time to deal with it later when building your own models.
very impressive on explanation and mathematical background intuitions, step-by-step python notebook is easy to follow and codes are easy to read as most variables are named to be matched with the equation.
The course was well organized and the concepts was very clearly explained. The subject matter was very relevant and there was enough information presented to understand the topic without too much overload.
Excellent for beginners (in all sense). Even if you are a novice in python, Deep Learning, AI or/ and vectorization, this course has got them covered. All you need is little determination and little logic.
Great introduction: an intuitive approach to solving a whole new class of problems using neural networks; these are problems that would be very difficult to solve using conventional programming techniques.
A must take course for everyone who is aspiring to make a career in deep learning.  Dr. Ng's explanation is lucid enough for even a beginner to understand machine learning terms.Overall, an amazing course!
A great starter with Deep Learning, at the end of the course you will have the know how and insights to start implementing DL in the real world. Looking forward to the other courses in this Specialization!
I thought this was a great start into Deep Learning.  It takes a step by step approach to learn the building blocks into Neural Networks, then finally putting the blocks together to make a learning model.
This course focus on the basic foundations required to excel in neural networks. It also has interesting projects that will give you hand on experience on how to build your own neural network from scratch
Content delivery by Andrew was perhaps the best I have come across from various courses I have attended. He has made an effort to explain slightest of the information. Worth spending your time and energy.
Great course - simple explanation - on using vectorisation and explanation on python broadcasting. Inspiring interviews for AI research esp on the GAN and AI capsule in the context of memory and learning.
Highly recommended !!This course will actually make you understand the working of a logistic/neural net. The coding exercises are challenging and will ensure firm grasp in NN once completed independently.
Really awesome and good for learning concepts related to neural networking and deep learning. Assignments will help us to understand more and more their applications and possible use cases for industries.
Well Structured and designed to make students understand. Programming exercises were well guided and helped to re-inforce our learning. Thanks to Andrew and team to help us open our eyes to Deep Learning.
Clear and structured approach to NN's.  I enjoyed the building of intuitions around gradients, and feel I've gained a much clearer understanding of the basics.  Excited for the rest of the specialization!
Instructor was easy to follow, course material was fairly easy to pick up, and assignments were well guided. It definitely would help to have previous exposure to neural networks before taking it, though.
I really enjoyed taking this course, it is really well explained and detailed. This course helped me understand the basics of machine learning and neural network, and practice those subject with example.
Excellent course - Andrew's teaching is what's so needed in the machine learning community. He explains concepts properly so that one truly understands them, and thus knows what to do when applying them.
Great course for learning Deep Learning and Neural Network calculations, practicing and classifying images. Prior knowledge of Python, Calculus and ML will be helpful for learning from the course better.
Despite the low video and sound quality, this is very informative and one of the best courses for deep learning. After completing this course I am feeling very confident in implementing ANN from scratch.
if you are looking to deep dive into neural networks,to get that hands on experience, this is the perfect starter course . It teaches core concepts like back-propagation in a very simple schematic manner
Excellent !even for a non-expert of deep learning and data science the course is realy clear and easy to understand !I really recommend this course for every one who want to improove their skill's in DL.
Without using any external libraries and implementing Neural Network from the base is something which was interesting!. Loved the course. And obviously I may need to revise what I studied in this course.
This course provides basics of neural networks and deep neural networks which are taught in an easy and understandable way. This course also gave me motivation to pursue deep learning, Thank you Coursera
the explanation of Andrew is very nice.He explains every concept in such a manner that every one gets an intuition and  concept very easy.the programming assessments are very nice. Overall I'm satisfied.
Andrew is an amazing teacher, the theory is very detailed and well explained (even for a non-expert in calculus) and the programming exercises are really interesting ! Thank you for sharing this program.
This course is extremely well designed for those who want to get intuition on how neural networks and also the code for it. The programming assignment help a lot and help in designing model from scratch.
Excellent course that allows you to understand the implementation details of a DNN. I fully recommend even if you are using DNN tools such as with TensorFlow. The gain knowledge will really help you out.
Everything was awesome! The order of contents to be taught was organized in the best way it could. The algebra behind Neural Networks was greatly conveyed. Perfect in every way! Thanks to the instructor.
Contents is easy to catch up with and the assignments are all well designed. However, it will be perfect if there are more details regarding the feedback of assignment, especially when there is an error.
This is an exceptional course for someone who wants to get started in Deep Learning. In this course, the content is properly ordered and one could see things happening through the programming assignment.
This course really does a phenomenal job of demystifying the details of deep learning. The assignments go into details of the steps involved in building a deep neural network. Kudos to the Coursera team!
A well-structured course which gives a good understanding of Deep Learning using Python programming. But this was a little bit on the easier side if one has already completed the Machine Learning course.
Took this course at the same time as a university machine learning semester long course. Turns out the university course was the supplement material as this course focuses on extremely relevant material.
Thanks Andrew, so many time i start to learn deep learning, but cannot continue, after listen Andrew's video and step by step do the programming, I get the real understaning of deep learning. Appreciate!
It is a very great course, for the introduction of  deep learning.  The teacher explains step by step how to build a simple neural network, and often comes back to some points for a better understanding.
This course is a good explanation of what is neural network and the basics of deep learning that is easy to understand. In my opinion, this course is a good way to help me get started with deep learning.
thorough explanation on the basics of neural networks. I advice this course to everyone intended to understand more on the subject since Andrew Ng is able to easily guide you through non-trivial concept.
This was a long due course on my To-Do list and now that I have completed it, I feel this course is just what I expected. Thank you to professor Andrew Ng for explaining a difficult topic with such ease.
Nice,there are a lot of mathematical and algebra to explain the basic concepts of Neural Network but Andrew explain in a clear and easy way - plus some advices and tips & tricks about python programming.
Compared to other courses this course is better and gave Practical experience. The best part is the Python programming language. Mainly focused on the end to end flow rather than detailed implementation.
It's a very good introduction to deep learning and NNs in general. For me, the most fascinating fact was finding out that logistic regression can be viewed and understood as a very simple neural network.
This course teaches about fundamentals of neural networks and deep learning. The content is very clear and easy to understand. It's very helpful for those who want to step into the area of deep learning.
I really liked the subject. The videos and exercises were very helpful, I like how it was organized. The explanations were very good.I'm really looking forward to learn more on the deep learning subject.
This is a great course and the lecturer is a perfect man . Before taking this course , I had some complications to comprehend Neural Networks .Now , I am able to understand what is going on among layers.
The course has in-depth explanation on the underlying principles of Neural Networks and Deep Learning.It also comes with a very practical exercise that guides me step-by-step to learn the most out of it.
Very informative and yet gentle introduction to Deep Learning. Definitely not for beginners. Highly recommend for people working with Machine Learning and seeking a in-depth introduction to Deep Learning
I am very excited to go through this course. The introductory section was good enough to convince me that the learning would be good for rest of the course. Also thanks for making this course.Regards,Deb
I love the way Prof. Andrew teach. The course is started from exactly the right point. The gradual and step-by-step methodology of course let student to get as much as possible without confusion. Thanks
Amazing course for beginners to start with. Liked the pace of the course and the attention that the lecturer Andrew Ng pay on every detail. There is nothing that left the feeling of vague comprehension.
Awesome intro to NN and DL, but what would really help, is that Andrew annotations would be shown in a cleaner way, meaning, his annotations instead of handwriting in fonts. But awesome course for sure.
Namastey, It is is the best deep learning course that I have ever witnessed. Andrew is very generous person.I learn chhoti chhoti baate of the deep learning. It was precious for me for whole of my life.
This course is really helpful for those who need a good insight about neural networks.Andrew Sir is a great teacher.His method of teaching everything with so much detail is excellent.Highly recommended.
I really wan't expecting the fun I would get out of it. It really kept me going, and returning to it. Thank you for the guidance during the programming exercises, it was still a puzzle, but really fun !
Although I've learned most of it already from Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course, this helped a lot. I got to revise some of the concepts from Machine Learning and I'm totally clear with Vectorization.
Oh!!What an amazing journey it was with neural networks and deep learning.Thanks to COURSERA and Mr. Andrew Ng. , one of the best instructors and he just made this course easy and understandable for me.
It is a great course. I got a lots of knowledge about the foundation and structure of the Neural Network. Except this i got a practical experience in the programming of the Neural Network. Thanks Anrew!
This is a great course for those who seek to understand more about deep learning and neural networks. The course is well taught and well structured. Andrew is very good at explaining difficult theories.
Course Lectures are easy to understand. The programming assignments allow you to apply the theory to real examples. Done with the first course. Eagerly looking forward to the rest of the specialization.
The is very helpful. I understand the complex conceptions of neural network and have complished the program assignments well. It is so amazing. Thank you for providing this course. I will keep on going.
Really excellent course - Andrew Ng doesn't disappoint with his ability to distill complex topics down to their key components and teach them in very manageable ways. I can't recommend this course more.
The course was great, as it came from Professor Ng. I have  learnt how Neural Nets work and intuition for Back Propagation. I had a few doubts and they were well clarified by the course mentors clearly.
Dear Coursera,Thank you very much for the opportunity to take this course. I believe it is one of the small bricks that will build up my career. Moreover, the content is very interesting and exciting!!!
Love the course especially the assignments in the course . Really enjoy the course . Some time is is little bit hard but in the end its good , thanks for giving me financial aid for the course . Thanks.
Excellent Course! Concepts are clearly explained. If you put in your part to learn, it's simplicity itself to finish the whole thing! Thanks Andrew! Great job just like all your machine learning course!
I just started this course and guess what I feel like completing it in a day. I am really like the instructor and his way of teaching and explaining the concepts. This course deserves a 5 star for sure.
A great introduction to those ones who want to learn the theory and, specially, the practice in short-term. Even if you've already been introduced to neural this is a good course if you need to revisit.
It is a good course for Deep Learning beginners. The course progresses gradually with simple examples. Of-course the course is not deep into the derivations but learner can dig deep into the math later.
Good for beginners and those looking to understand the basics of MLImportant concepts are explained clearly and the academic support for those need clarifications on certain concepts are top of the line
I haven't seen the video lectures. But, one thing I liked very much about the course is the assignments are from scratch (Just like stanford CS231n). I felt its a very good start for the specialization.
Methodical and simplistic delivery of content. A complex subject is translated to ease through excellent organization of ideas and assignments. Sincere thanks to all the team members behind this effort.
Andrew Ngs courses are always very nice because he doesnt make assumptions about the students background and encourages a wide range of people with varying skillsets. Feel inspired by this his attitude!
I was already familiar with the subject matter in this course, but this was a perfect explanation of the material; with perfect notations.  I believe I will use this course as reference on this subject.
It indeed helps me a lot by getting through all the fundamental mathematical understanding about forward / back propagation. Much better and the same issue in Udacity correspondently. Great job, Andrew.
If you have taken Andrew Ng's previous course "Machine Learning", this will be a very gentle warm-up to neural networks/deep learning.  For beginners, this course is still friendly enough to begin with.
Great platform to start with the fundamentals of Deep Learning and Neural networks. Well organized mathematical explanations and the programming assignments were so helpful to deepen our understanding.
Every concept was well explained in the course. I would highly suggest watching the optional videos because they give a better understanding of the mathematical equations and how neural netoworks work.
A great course. Learned backpropagation in great detail and this has set me up very well for the later courses of the specialization. Furthermore, it has given me some industry level knowledge as well.
I personally suggest this course to my friends since it give as a new look on machine learning through deep learning implementation . And also through the programming test we can learn more on that too
Course is well designed. Teacher delivered very well and i liked the good environment of appreciation by teacher. I think every teacher has his/her own way of teaching but Andrew ng is one of the best.
The first course is a great step to start learning DL, but after completing the first course of deep learning there should be some guidance about, how to get to the second course of the specialization.
Painful and tedious, but extremely well thought out and structured. I complained a bit during the course. But it was the only way to learn NN in a non-black-boxy way. I look forward to the next course!
Very suitable for beginners in the field of Deep Learning. Clear lectures, backed with examples and nicely crafted programming assignments. Would recommend to anyone interested in AI and Deep Learning!
Course is very well structured. It gets complicated sometimes to understand some things , but with practice and consistent efforts , one can solve the problems. The course surely boosted my confidence.
very good course.. i am able to understand a complete mathematical backgroup behind the deep learning . im sure it will help me alot for my masters project . thank you so much for this valuable course.
I will definitely recommend this course as a start up fundamental for those of you who is stepping into AI field. well organized course material which leads you gradually into how neural network works.
Best course of deep learning and AI I have ever come across. Indeed this course provide me lot of knowledge related to Artificial Intelligence and related areas. Overall I rank this course at level 5+.
A really excellent intruction to neural networks. If you have completed the "Machine Learning" course led by Dr. Ng, this course is also a helpful review for the neural networks section of that course.
As expected, Andrew Ng and his team have done an excellent job explaining NN and getting our hands dirty but this time with python (woohoo) and excellent jupyter notebooks! Thank you for coming back :)
Excellent introduction to Deep Learning. The most important lesson learned was the building of the mathematical components of a deep neural networks, from a simple node up to an n-layer neural network.
Very nice course with detailed guides. This helped clear some major confusion for me in neural network. Especially the exercises on matrix dimensions, and actual coding of FP and BP. Highly recommended
Very clear and straight forward explanations for the video lectures. Great ipython notebook materials! If you have master some machine learning basics, you should be able to learn this 1st course fast!
This course helps me to understand the basic concept of Deep Learning. However I think this course should include at least 1 week (or 2-3 videos) about math so learners can have a better understanding
I have learned a lot from this detailed and well-structured course. Programing assignments were very sophisticatedly designed. It was challenging, fun, and most importantly it delivered what is aimed.
it really helps a lot and gives me some insight in neural networks. The math problems also help me to do lots of reviews on the past materials. Look forward to next courses, thanks Andrew and Coursera
I was actually a kind of half cooked in neural network. Thanks to Dr.Adnrew  for his wonderful explanation, I am directly going to register for convolution neural network as I gained enough confidence
Very useful introduction course for deep learning. The videos and assignments are well designed. After finished this course, students can construct basic neural network for binary classification task.
Best course for learning Deep Learning & Neural Networks as a beginner.It brings me so much interest in Deep Learning after doing this course.Andrew NG Sir is awesome.I am grateful to him.Thanks sir.
It is a very complete and interesting course, the lessons were easily understood, when there were problems in the development of the tasks, a solution was given through the discussions in the forums.
The course leads the student very easily throughout complex concepts and ideas. The programming sessions are very helpful to have a deeper understanding of the main ideas that underly neural network.
Pretty well organized with really helpful examples and assignment especially. Definitely made the basis for deep learning algorithms. Looking forward to the next modules and dive deep in this domain.
I have learned so many concepts around Deep Learning that I didn't know before taking this course. Thanks so much to the instructor and one of my favorite professor Andrew Ng for this amazing course!
An excellent introduction to Neural Network and Deep Learning. In particular, I found the insights and analogies shared during the course very useful. Can't wait to complete the next 4 in the series!
This course was very informative, i have learned a new skill and am very proud of it. teaching methods were simple and amazing. I highly recommend this course to anyone who want to start learning AI.
This course was amazing. Greatly improved and cleared some of the concepts I already had and also provided me with the chance to learn even newer things. Excellent labs and really intuitive lectures.
This course helped me a lot in building my foundations for deep learning. Course assignments give you hands on experience of all the foundational concepts. Andrew Ng is the best instructor on planet.
I gained a foot hold of Neural networks now.  I believe that further taking the specialization could strengthen it.  Thanks a lot for a great teaching experience.  I was able to finish it in 10 days.
A very satisfying course.  Really good explanations of the materials, and a gradual build into a complex topic, but not avoiding the complexity of some of the maths/computations.  Highly reccomended.
This was a quite good experience to gain in this course period. I'm a little upset about Coursera for not responding correctly on 22nd march. I could have ended this at that time. It took extra time.
So far so good. Very intuitive, enough details, enough assignments and assessments, helpful approach in assignments. I have enjoyed this course, and I am going to start the next course in this series
Very much like the Jupyter notebooks. The video interviews with heroes of machine learning were very informative with great guidance, tips, and insights.The course material was easily understandable.
I think if you think to start deep leanrning. Definately you must start with this course. Because I learned fundamental deep learning technic and now I am ready to keep going to more hard information
This was a very intuitive approach to neural networks. It helped me get all the basic concepts right.I highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn basics and maths behind neural network
It was nicely managed. So, that student of almost every caliber can pick up. Moreover, description on each step was given in programming exercises which helps a lot. Much appreciated for each effort.
The best course to get deep understanding of Deep learning. Clear and simple explanations ensure that the concept is understandable. And the Assignments sharpen our deep learning model design skills.
Great continuation after Andrew's Machine Learning class. I appreciate his hands-on implementation of sophisticated algorithms simply with Numpy and list structures within Python. Highly recommended.
Head and shoulders above any other course I've taken as far as explanation and polish level go. No doubt this is coming from a world-class professor that also happens to be the owner of the platform.
This course meets the objective of the course spot on. Now I feel confident in back propagation even in multiple layers without using any optimizer. I appreciate the efforts of prof. Ng and his team.
This course is very helpful and deep knowledgeable. I would like to thanks Prof. Andrew for valuable and best method of teaching. May I will keep continue next course without any late penalty. Thanks
Highly recommended. You will have a deeper understanding and appreciation for how neural networks operate under the hood. Also, you can learn how to vectorize your code to run neural networks faster.
Very great course! Knowledge are addressed clearly step by step in well structured video. The programming assignments are well designed and help learners a lot to thoroughly digest the class content.
Andrew explained the concepts very well and contextualized in just the right kind of real world examples, with none of the fluff that's surrounding deep learning these days. Incredibly good teaching.
I have been attending Andrew Ng's classes for a while and I have come to understand and appreciate his style of imparting knowledge and very appreciative of his efforts to educate using MOOC methods.
Liked the course.  Homework was better aligned with lectures than in his first Coursera Machine Learning class.  Also, I prefer Python to MATLAB any day.  Good content and crystal clear explanations.
The course is well structured and objective. Even as I am very 'rusty' in maths I can keep pace with the building blocks of deep neural networks and the basic intuitions behind them. Congratulations!
The best material to start on Deep Learning on the Internet so far. Andrew Ng is brilliant. iPython notebook homeworks are extremely effective and high-quality.Everything is thought out and polished.
Pretty good technical overview with very clear walk-thru. Helps with both intuition and fundamental mathematical architecture. I will try out the code written here on a simple application of my own!
Andrew Ng gave a very thorough intuition behind some black-box operations of Neural Networks work, and the maths although may be confusing but still manageable to a certain level. Highly Recommended
An amazing course with an amazing teacher . Andrew Ng sir taught it really well , it's really cool to train your own neural network from scratch . And perfect for beginners as well as professionals.
Andrew is an amazing teacher. He explains the difficult concepts with ease and make learning interesting. Hats Off to him. May ALLAH bless and encourage him to keep on delivering such nice lectures.
Thank you so much for giving this opportunity.  This is the first time I trying programming in Phyton. Very good step by step course that make me feel relax while learning. Thank you Prof Andrew Ng.
Excellent course!! Andrew is really a great teacher and this lectures helped me finally understand how the neural networks worked and more important, WHY did they worked. Will show it to my friends.
A very positive experience and learned a lot. Enjoy every minute of it although was a bit challenging with some topics. The flow of the course range from easy to complex topics but perfectly layout.
This course is really amazing.Andrew Ng Sir makes the difficult concepts so easy to understand.Also the Assignments are good.It's helps to build the Neural Networks from scratch. Thank you Coursera.
Excellent course that not only teaches us how to implement neural networks but also the math behind them. Building a neural network from scratch, understanding every step is a satisfying experience.
Definitely the best course for starting in Deep Learning. The course structure and the methodology of Andrew Ng, he has an special talent for teaching such abstract concepts!!! Totally recommend it!
Well, I had no knowledge of neural networks before taking this course, but now i am pretty confident i can build some nn models on my own. Learning from sir, Andrew NG is always the best experience.
Very good course if you want to get into deep learning. last week's task is a bit complected, but the trainer is really good at giving simple and effective lectures . Learned a lot from this course.
Very well explained all of the ideas, in the exams it tests you and checks if you really learned, finally the programing exercises are not easy, but does need programming experience to complete them
Though i knew the basic concepts of Neural Networks, I was glad i did this course. The best part is programming assignments where I get a chance to work on implementing neural networks from scratch.
Really great course I completed machine learning course of Andrew and both were really good.This course goes in depth providing step wise intuition and i really enjoyed the programming assignments .
The course is good, but there is one problem - too much code is ready out of the box and you can pass it without deep understanding. Therefore is up to student how to use it. But overall it is good!
This course gets you a good start in deep learning, given you have a prior knowledge of python. I will suggest it to everyone who wants to get their hands dirty in neural networks and deep learning.
Great course! Teaches you deep learning really from the very basics upward. Only the last homework was a bit tedious... basically you gotta do everything twice on two different jupyter notebooks....
Thank you so for this wonderful course. Thank you Andrew Sir and the entire team. The forum especially is very lively and helpful. Thank you for making my learning experience exciting and brilliant.
The course is fantastic, and Andrew's teaching is unique. Sometimes it gives the impression that things are not falling into place, but in the end, everything fits together and makes a lot of sense.
Good course to revise or learn about key low level concepts of neural networks. Very good introduction to Neural Networks with one of the best lessons about forward/backward propagation I have seen.
It is a properly structured course. Able to learn and understand without any ambiguity. Easy way of learning is demonstrated in this course. Thumbs up to Andrew and team. Great effort. Thanks a lot!
The best and simplest neural network course i have come across. Andrew Ng  makes the mathematical concepts subtle and understandle. Neural network for me is no longer a black box.Thank you Andrew Ng
Course content and the pace is very good. Only issue with notebooks on programming exercises it does not save at times, will have to make sure every time we save it so that we do not loose our work.
Excellent course that is taught with careful consideration by Andrew Ng. Highly recommend to anyone who is looking to enter the Deep Learning field. Explanations are excellent and easy to implement!
This course is very helpful when one is trying to learn the fundamentals of DL. Although I have been long familiar with Artificial NN, I found it quite useful to brush up on my skills and knowledge.
An excellent introduction to Deep Learning. It starts from the ground up, building a neural network from a series of functions. It also provides a basic introduction to Numpy, which was very useful.
This course introduces neural network and back-propagation algorithm in a very neat and structured way, and helps a learner very easily understand the initiative, purpose and method of the approach.
Nicely designed course for beginners. The way in which concepts are explained is very easy to understand. Practice problems and assignments give chance to apply theory and clear idea about concepts.
Andrew Ng. will guide you how to build a neural network from scratch, understand under-the-hood theory and totally blow my mind. Now I can grasp the basics and move on to the world of Deep Learning.
Nice in-depth follow-up of neural networks in the introductory Machine Learning course, and the python/jupyter notebooks are very convenient. Nice, clear explanation of backward propagation as well!
Great materials, the course is exactly what I was looking for. You get detailed explanations about how neural networks are built and get to program it yourself in python (with help).I recommend it !
The lecturer are quite detailed that help me to develop intuition on designing a NN system. I love the format of programming assignments that gives me the step by step guide to implement the design.
Prof. Andrew lectures are very lucid. The assignments structured very well and they have the right level of assistance. Assignments really helps in digesting all the concepts taught in the lectures.
Love Andrew Ng, this was an awesome experience; so inviting, welcoming, and accessible. He's an amazing teacher with such a knack for breaking it down! Will definitely continue with this curriculum!
As expected, exquisite!I had great expectations, as I had done the previous course abou neural networks with Dr. Andrew NG, but the evolution of the technics and contents really took me by surprize.
Professor Andrew Ng shows great excitement in his classes and that motivates you to keep working. Assignments are very well orientated (maybe too much? ). Loved the Deep Learining heroes interviews!
I want to thank Andrew and all the other teachers for providing this wonderful course. I  learnt a lot of tricks with NumPy. Amazing course for anyone wanting to jump in the field of deep learning.
One of the best courses! The instructor was very well organized. The students are informed about their progress. Thanks to Andrew NG, it was a pleasure to learn deep learning and follow the course.
Before start this course I though Deep Learning would be hard to tackle but, Andrew explanation's make think the opposite. This course is awesome and it really encorages you to follow this AI path!
The topics covered are concise and precise throughout the course. The assignments  are provided in such a way to check the logic of implementation.Overall a wonderful course to start Deep Learning.
I like how Andrew Ng courses have all the elements I see necessary in a course: basic concepts are given enough time and you end up being able to code every single element of what you are learning.
One of the best course to kick start your deep learning journey. In depth explanation for every step by Andrew Ng along with the intuitions and derivations will make you fall in love with learning.
Great course! Really enjoyed it. I took a ML & AI course in college, so this was definitely a great refresher on NN. Math wasn't super heavy, but was provided just in case we wanted to dive deeper.
It explains the concept in much easier way than the sources available online, and the math behind NN is also explained which is i think more important from research perspective. Very useful course.
Great course! I really like how the most weight falls over the exercises. Because this is how you learn programming after all. I really enjoyed the material and I'm looking forward the next course.
Very interesting and focus on application. However, some part of the course you could get the right answer even if you dont know exactly what is happening. I suppose the course is desing like that.
This course is very useful in learning basic of deep neural network. i've learned about the concept and details of neural network and improved my implementation skill. Thanks Coursera and Andrew Ng
The course was really good. I got to the basics of neural networks. The content was really good and the videos were crystal clear. The assignments helped in visualizing the working of NN in detail.
Excellent introduction to the inner workings of deep neural networks. Accessible to those familiar with the linear algebra and derivatives, but doesn't require a deep dive refresher in those areas.
Good introduction to deep learning, and shallow/deep neural networks. The mathematics behind neural networks are fundamental and it's great to see that this course is concentrating in this basics !
Helped me on understanding of NN and DNN on ground level.. Best path to start... But one should complete machine learning by Andrew Ng as beginner to get correct intuition and understand. As I did.
I think this course is very useful. It illustrates basic and main ideas about DNN. No matter you are a specialist in Ai or a newer, you can obtain many useful and meaningful idea. Thanks Andrew Ng!
I recommend this course for any one interested in learning neural networks with no previous exposure to the concepts. Andrew is a great instructor and an expert in simplifying the complex formulas.
It was hard in the beginning, especially at the second week, when we've started coding in Jupyter, but the more you progress, it definately gets easier. My thanks to deeplearning.ai team, one more.
This is a great course about deep learning. I had no idea about deeep learning before I took this course. Thanks for Andrew's great teaching. Hope more courses about deep learning and AI comes out.
This is a well prepared and well explained introduction to neural network. Andrew did a very good job on explaining the back-propagation which is the foundation of neural network. Very nice course.
If you're starting Deep Learning, trust me and go for this course. It starts from the basics, and goes to the peak. Don't look anywhere else, if you want to learn Deep Learning, go for this course.
Good introduction to Neural Networks. By making you build your own from scratch it gives you better intuitive notions of certain details that might be explained too quickly in a university setting.
I really liked the way the course was presented. I enjoyed the lessons and the available material for studying. Also, the code available gave me a base to start customizing my own projects. Thanks!
Neural networks basics extremely well explained! Andrew Ng is obviously a great teacher and expert in deep learning. Highly recommended for anyone who wants the understand how neural networks work.
Perfect introductory course to deep learning. I found it quite useful after completing the course of machine learning from stanford university and neural networks for machine learning for coursera.
Very nicely taught ground-up, right from the basics. The assignments were good, though I feel a little bit less spoon feeding on the ipython notebooks would have offered better learning experience.
The course provides fundamental theory and techniques by a bottom-up approach, which is very friendly to new comers (one with basic calculus and matrix knowledge will find it easier to understand).
awesome courses and very helpful in learning deep learning. but can you add some more implementation like using lib sci-kit learn or tensor flow or sci py..to get more idea about real world work..
Thank you so much!!! It was a great course that helped me out with the implementation of ANN effectively. Furthermore, it has given me a great intuition about how ANN operates. Thank you Prof. Ng.
It is clear, objective and there is a great flow of knowledge where I was able to gradually learn all the fundamentals and acquire a great base for the next modules. This course is simply amazing.
Andrew Ng is an exceptional teacher. Some of the concepts with which I was previously familiar were brought into sharp focus and clarity. The programming assignments are clear and well-structured.
It is the amazing course from Andrew NG who taught like the poet. You can learn deep learning from Andrew NG if your IQ is just more than 3 because he can teach deep learning to even neanderthals!
The methodology used in this course makes a great mix between theory and practice. We learned not only how the algorithms are implemented, but we also understand the reason behind their operation.
The course is well structured and can able to clearly visualize the concepts of neural networks and deep learning techniques. Andrew NG just nailed it and explained all the micro concepts clearly.
It's a wonderful introduction to deep learning, people with basics of machine learning can easily complete this course in flying colors. The resources and the mode of teaching is well appreciated.
A basic deep learning course with in depth  knowledge of neural networks.A/c me before doing this course you must have knowledge of linear and logistic regression.overall it is a wonderful course.
Thank a lot for creating this course! It really help me understand Neural Networks and Deep Learning in detail. Really Thank to Andrew Ng for teaching me this and also thank to Coursera Community.
Thoroughly enjoyed coding many of the basic neural network stuffs by hand. Especially, it was very satisfying to finally understand backprop well (I hope so!). Looking forward to the next courses!
This course gave me an introduction to deep learning and neural networks. Professor gave so many details that help me understand those mathematical principle. This is a good specialization course.
The course was really nice and helpful. Thanks professor Andrew NG for this wonderful course. Got a lot of insight of the deep neural network and the intuition of forward and backward propagation.
Nice itorduction into NN. Andrew Ng, covered complex algorithms in simple way and give nice intuition how NN works. Strongly recommend if you know python language and want dive into Deep Learning.
Great short introductory course to learn the basics of neural networks and deep learning. Looking forward to the rest of the courses in the specialization to advance my knowledge of deep learning!
Really great experience, helped put together the different pieces I have learn over the years in an easy to follow lesson, while slowly expending on ideas and repeating the parts that were needed.
Excellent introduction to Deep Learning and Neural Networks. The best thing about this course is that it breaks down the subject to a simple form and also provides hands-on practice and intuition.
Fantastic Course, with great course material and equally good assignments to develop the understanding. Very highly recommend to check your basic concepts in the building blocks of neural network.
Great course with fully explained subtitles even in Chinese, that really helped me with understanding the concepts that never learned before. The course set-up is perfect for anyone to start with.
Andrew Ng's adequately detailed courses teach you all the relevant things for your current objectives and gets you prepared for more advanced materials if you plan to learn more. Loved the course.
I am very much satisfied by the tutor and the instructions provided in this course.I am very thankfull to Coursera team for providing this type of courses to the students like me.thank you so much
Excellent course, starting from mathmatical modelling till implementation. for me NN deep learning is no more a blackbox for me! A deep thank and gratitude to Andrew Ng  and the rest of your team.
Absolutely amazing! Among tons of courses out there, Andrew Ng absolutely stands out for his teaching skills. His approach of breaking hard concepts into basic elements definitely helped me a lot.
Very well prepared course. If you know a little bit of python and familiar with numpy, it will be very easy to follow since Andrew Ng's style makes it easy and fun to grasp Deep learning concepts.
Awesome course. Worth spending the time and efforts. Well designed programming assignments will boost our confidence in building our own neural network. Not too tough can be finished within a week
Great course, exercises are well explained and allow to practice and get a more concrete understanding of the "theory". I also liked the heroes videos which are very interesting and very different
I think this course is great.But I hope the assignment should leave us more freedom. If we can finish the entire programming on our own computers, that would be better.Anyway, It's a great course!
The course is detailed enough for a newbie to understand the concepts of neural networks and vectorization, and the only prerequisites are familiarity with the basics of Python and matrix algebra.
Could not thank the staff enough. Always felt ML and Deep Learning as the magic box. Seeing it under the hood gave me immense confidence to speak about it and realise the power of it. Thank you :)
This is an upgrade version of Andrew's classical course ML with python instead of Octave. Many details are carefully designed which makes this version better than the last version in many aspects.
Great intro to deep learning fundamentals. Comparing to Andrew's first ML intro course  (one of the most successful online courses), I believe this course is very likely to become equally popular.
Great course as usual.I really appreciate that programming are in python which is great since this programming language is more and more used in Machine Learning/Deep Learning. Just give it a try.
Pretty good introductory course to neural networks and deep learning. The assignments are well-structured and the course provides everything needed to complete them. Videos are clear and concise.
Loved the final assignment to build my own deep network from scratch — I feel I truly understand forward and backdrop. Despite the difficult math and derivatives, I thoroughly enjoyed the course!
Andrew Sir is amazing professor! He teaches concepts really nicely!! Even the programming assignments are fun to do thpugh sometimes autograder grades wrong. But overall it was a nice experience!
You go from learning what 1 neuron does, with the concept of logistic regression, untill up to form a N-dimensional neural network. All of this, step by step without loosing details and deepness!
This is a great introduction to NN I was not able to understand it on the ML course 2013 by Andrew'ng but this course explains in depth the material and  really makes NN simple.Thank you Coursera
An awesome introduction to neural networks and deep learning. Andrew did a very nice job and explains in a very clear fashion. Can't wait to take the other courses in deep learning specialization
The course content has been structured so well, that anyone can understand the intuition behind neural networks. I have learned a lot in this course, eager to move forward to enhance my knowledge
This Course helped me in placing a strong foundation about the mathematical functions and derivatives used for neural networks like back propagation, activation functions, and many more concepts.
Very clear explanations about basics of neural net's work. Previously I read a book by Y. Goodfellow and scared of huge background in this field. This course proved me that everything is possible
The course is extremely great. the best one for people who knows some theory aspects of ML and Neural Networks and want to learn the practical one to be ready to find a job or finish their study.
After finishing this course, you will gain a strong understanding of linear regression,  forward propagation, backward propagation, hidden layers, and building your own multilayer neural network.
Course is great for understanding the basic concepts of neural networks. Content uses notation that is standard in modern application and can lead you to applying the concepts to other use cases.
Andrew Ng has in depth wisdom on production use of neural nets, this course was easy to follow and very valuable.  I highly recommend watching the "Deep Learning Heros" optional video interviews.
Gives a fantastic indepth insight into design of neural networks. Looking forward to using models like tensorflow, etc for more complex problems like speech recognition, medical diagnostics, etc.
Andrew is fantastic teacher his knowledge and commitment towards teaching is outstanding.I thank him and coursera team from bottom of my heart.May god bless you all.Thanks a lotPranit .S. Bhisade
Thank you very much for creating this course which provides detail picture of the deep learning intuition. The programming exercise complemented the theory quite well. Thank you for that as well.
this is the basic lecture of Deep Learning, you will study the FP and BP algorithm and  How to apply derivative  on Machine Learning! thanks to Andrew, I get  a lot of knowledge on Deep Learning!
Very methodical, goes with the student hand in hand. The exercises though are not as good, as one could write it without understanding the mechanism, rather following a protocol and instructions.
Really helpful for me to understand the details of the deep learning framework. Now I know what are the forward propagation and the backward propagation and how do the deep neural networks learn.
This course is very well written. It introduces the necessary concepts in a good order and builds open them well. The exercises test the right knowledge and are challenging but not too difficult.
Super helpful for my understandings. If possible, it would be better with advances on recording quality of Andew's voice. It's now somewhat stingy with some high tone noise. Anyway, thanks a lot.
I had almost full score in linear algebra class back in university but still find the detail math illustration VERY useful to help me pick up what's forgotten after leaving the subject for years.
Nothnign really surprising in this course but all the important topics are well discussed . the material and the assignments are solid and well thought (though the assignments might be too easy).
Have to admit this course is amazing and explain neural networks thesis so intuitive and thoughtful. When change to C# I can build up a neural network from scratch :D Highly recommend this course
This course offers a great introduction to the basics of neural networks in a practical manner. The explanations are very clear and the exercises help solidify the concepts taught in the lessons.
Extremely good. Well structured, it is evident that a huge amount of work went into this course. Highly recommended for anybody looking to get into the nitty gritty of their own Deep Neural Nets.
Very well structured. Enjoyed doing the assignments. A little less spoon feeding would have made the assignments more interesting for ex refer lecture X for the back ward propagation formulae etc
Clear exposition. Hands on programming assignments with enough guidance and checks to learn how to do things right from the start.  No black boxes, you build all the components from the ground up
A must have to everyone that would like to acquire a deep understanding about Deep Learning. Professor Andrew Ng materials are outstanding and each component is highly detailled in a simple way.
The first time I understood the concept after trying for several months, would like to thank the team who put all the effort to build this course. Looking forward to move on to the second phase.
I found the course very helpful in getting the concepts of Neural Networks. It provides background maths equations to every concept which is very insightful and I found too be very interesting!!
Definetely one of the best courses available in Coursera! The case-based approach aligned with programming assignments on Jupyter offers students the opportunity to convert theory into practice.
This is "THE" best course you can take to enter into the Deep Learning field. Andrew Ng explained backpropagation in such a concise manner that it will always be available in my Mind's cache :).
Helping to build very strong fundamentals for neural networks and machine learning, the knowledge from this helps me intuitively understand a lot of literature and implement solutions of my own.
This course was very helpful in learning about forward/backward propagation as well as general programming tips on implementing deep neural networks via vectorization rather than with for loops.
The course was very interesting and I personally enjoyed working on neural networks.The assignments as well as the quiz was also very testing and sufficient to test the knowledge of the student.
This course has the following advantages:1) academic presentation of the material2) an explanation of all the details necessary for the programming assignments3) an excellent pace for memorizing
Great course to get started with the basics of Deep Learning. Key points are covered thorougly and the programming assignments are possible without prior programming knowledge (though it helps).
I found this course amazing to me because it delved deep into the maths behind neural nets and deep learning, it was what I was looking for. Also having a lot of hands on exercices helped a lot.
I like the way course is structured with assignment. It will be great to add course material as pdf so that students can read offline. I personally found assignment challenging due to notations.
Very use full course. It gave a good understanding of neural networks and deep learning in a great educational setting of combining videos, multiple choice test and practical coding assignments.
Andrew Ng is really a great teacher who knows how to introduce progressively the complexity of deep learning. I would add to the course notes some external reference to go deeper in the algebra.
This course really helped me bridge some gaps in my knowledge. I feel more confident in implementing neural networks now. For the first time i was able to understand the maths behind the scenes.
This course is one of the best courses I have ever had. The instructions were simple enough to follow and I really loved the programming assignments. Also the insights given were really awesome.
I learned a lot of useful knowledge from this course. The video lectures and resource is great. I study the concept and then practice after each week. It make me understand the knowledge better.
An excellent, theory-driven and mathematically-informed introduction to deep learning, and how to implement neural networks in Python. Even for a Python novice it was easy to pick up what to do.
Well taught, great course. Really solid grounding in NNs. I would have liked to go deeper into the calculus for the deep neural networks but nonetheless had a great time learning in this course.
Gives a pretty brief and good understanding about how a deep learning model in general works and at the same time helped to implement a multilayer model of neural network for absolute beginners.
it's a great course. I like the interview part very much. By talking with actual researchers, I get to know more about their ideas and thinking, it's a good supplement of their papers or reaches
An excellent way to know Deep Learning theory and practice with programming templates to solve real world problems. Now I'm very confident about applying these solutions to my own problem space.
Great introductory class on coding up your own L-layer neural network. I thought the assignments might have been a tad on the hand-holding side, but perhaps that is necessary for a first course.
This course gave really good understanding of what a neural network is and also it was really confidence boosting to implement a network from scratch giving a through knowledge of the processes.
I expected the assignments to be a bit tougher. They are more of spoon feeding. But it will really be helpful for amateurs in machine learning. Overall the course and the material was excellent.
This is the best ever course on Deep Neural Nets I have taken so far. Programming assignments with math made perfect sense on how to use numpy and python to build neural nets. Thank you so much!
It is very helpful even if you already know about linear algebra and some mathematics. The course is simple and you can get an intuition about Deep Learning. I am looking forward to next course.
Navigating through course materials could be made better!Guess we need to apply ML algorithms to find which user likes what type of navigation, based on the courses he is taking and continuing!!
Great Course, very well balanced. I discovered how Python and numpy were well suited for Neural Network computing. Sure thing that I'll follow the others Courses of the learning path. Thank You.
Thank you, Andrew! The most important topics have been covered in a concise manner. I have seen many other tutorials on NN & DL, but this course simplifies the mathematics for you. Great course!
I would like to upgrade my knowledge and skills from traditional ML to Deep ML, therefore I have taken this course. Thanks to Prof. Andrew Ng and group for their knowledge sharing great efforts.
Andrew Ng has done something amazing, in terms of quality of the content and simplicity for explanation. integration of juyter notebooks for programming assignments allows to acelerate learning.
:) Really Good DeepLearnign Course, I like the way Ng explained the math. I gives you a good intuition of the why of Neural Networks which mostly everyone fails at it. completely recommended it!
I really enjoyed taking this course. It covers very well the "foundational" blocks of NN. Also, I found the programming exercises quite enjoyable and hands on.Looking forward to the next courses
Brilliant!! can't thank Andrew Ng and Coursera enough for coming up with this course. Builds the concept step by step and make you understand the tough concepts in a easy way. double thumbs up!!
This course is somewhat similar to the Machine Learning course taught by Andrew Ng with the exception that this course dives 'deep'er into application, vectorization and mathematical background.
One of the most clear and complete courses Ive ever done. Prof. Andrew's manages explains the theoretical and mathematical aspects very well along with maintaining practicality and application.
Loved it unqualifiedly. Professor Ng's lectures were clear and easy to understand and the assignments were exactly the level that was required. I recommend this course without any reservations.
Perfect to understand basic things behind Neural Networks and Deep Neural Networks. Sometimes details can make you overwhelmed but when you give your attention, it becomes easier to understand.
This is the best place where you can start to learn about Neural Network and Deep Learning. Follow  Andrew NG and believe his words, when you finish it you will be confident about this subject.
Very good beginner introduction to the course ... the instructor is very specific in explaining all the concepts in the course and every sentence is based on either proven experience or a fact.
I am very happy to start learning deep_learning through Coursera. I think, as an architect, the explanations from Andrew NG and the mentor's comments in discussions were very clear and helpful!
This was an excellent introduction into deep learning. I had covered these topics before in another class but not at this detailed level. I'm looking forward to the other classes in the series.
Amazing course, I have learned more from this than my AI course at university (I haven't really been paying attention to be entirely honest). Will keep on learning with the rest of the courses.
Great beginner course that gets into the nitty-gritty of deep-learning. A bit rough if you're not a developer but the forums are filled with valuable information that can be accessed if needed.
so, it's a great course for someone who is entering mechine learning area. Andrew's explain every principle exactly, this course is so amazing. I recommend you to join this course for learning.
Very good course! I learnt a lot about the basics of neural networks and deep learning. The best part is that I implemented my learning through the programming assignments which were very good!
Brilliant hands-on course on deep learning which teaches the basic processes and methods to be able to apply deep learning at any skill set. Looking forward to continuing with the next section!
Meticulously programmed coursework with attention to smallest details for a person to start interest in deep learning. Had a blast learning the theory and enjoyed performing all the lab works.
Superb course learned new things related neural networks , how it works , forward propagation as well as backward propagation. And even learned how to train a model for classifying a cat...!!!
It was tougher than I originally anticipated.  However it's certainly fun to go through.  Also the TAs are excellent. I noticed that most questions get answered very fast and in a helpful way.
Excellent course !!!The flow is perfect and is very easy to understand and follow the courseI loved the simplicity with which Andrew explained the concepts. Great contribution to the community
I found the videos easy to follow. I only had a general idea about neural networks, and this course has helped me to understand them better. I also found the programming assignments enjoyable.
The best neural network course to learn building NNs from scratch. I have tried to read many books to understand the concept of NNs but I must say this course has the best explanation for NNs.
The first step into learning the nuances of neural networks. Andrew Ng is a great teacher, who explains seemingly impropable concepts very clearly. Highly recommended for new age professionals
Nice mix of theory and practice, knowledge gained in lectures cemented by guided assignments.  Also a great refresher for those of us who haven't worked with the underlying math for some time.
One is very much lead down a path to get to the goal of completion. Some may find this makes the course easy but, I appreciated the directed learning. I'm looking forward to the next sections.
Easy to understand, super intuitive course and a great kickstart to rest of the courses of the specialization. And as always, Andrew is a great instructor. I really admire his way of teaching.
I really enjoyed this course. The material presented in the lectures is very clearly and comprehensively explained, and the programming assignments allow practical practice of acquired skills.
This was really a great extension of learning specially after completing the machine learning course from Prof. Andrew NG. Many doubts of that course is solved during learning of this  course.
This is an extremely good course to follow. Thanks a lot Prof. Andrew for awakening the knowledge in Artificial Intelligence. This course series definitely helped me in my career  enhancement.
5 stars do reflect how much I've enjoyed this course. However, I will say that It would be nice to focus more on the mathematical aspects for the people who are very comfortable with calculus.
I really liked the course and I was glad to make all the functions on my own, rather than simply using the ready libraries. It gives a better idea of what a neural network is and how it works.
This is very good course. I thank Prof. Andrew Ng for this great effort. Also, I thank the coursera for providing these useful courses. I hope in future in can make courses and share them here
Nice course which is more clear and simpler than the Machine Learning course with Matlab/Octave. Although I am familar using matlab, I think this course with python can let me change my habit.
Thank you for wonderful useful course ! This course has brilliant and genius explanation of what NN actually is and use for. Thanks so much to deeplearning ai and special thanks to Andrew Ng !
A high quality course for anyone interested in the basics of neural networks and deep learning. The step by step approach is excellent and intriguing enough to make you feel like leaning more.
Professor Andrew explains complicated concepts in a easy and clear way, which gives me a very deep and memorable understanding of  this course's content. I love his style of teaching.  Thanks.
Frankly speaking, I love this course very much! More important, the design of the course is like I am studying in American Universities. It is very good! And I will recommend it to my friends!
This is a well-designed course that slowly builds over the skills over 4 weeks. It is better to complete the lesson in the given sequence as the each week's lecture builds on the previous week
great course. I like that it builds up to deep neural networks. I also like that it's a backdoor numpy tutorial. the math and algorithms are explained in an intuitive way with minimal clutter.
A great intro to nueral networks and deeplearning with python.The notebooks have nicely structured functions which helps great with the intuition and easy implementation of the code.Thank you.
An exceptional starter course. I've been working on deep learning for some time now and he managed to express many of my own conclusions as well as highlight some new ones i hadn't considered.
Very well structured course with clear information provided by the trainer. The programming assignments are not only great for learning but an excellent starting point for our own development.
The best course for entering deep learning, as long as you have some basic concept of coding like function, you can learn from the very beginning. I think the coding exercise is well designed.
A great course that taught me many details about neural network starting from logistic regression, also it's intuitive enough for even those who doesn't have any DL/ML background to understand
It was a bit confusing that what I did in the assignments would be explained in the videos of the following week instead of the current week, but in general it was a nice learning experience.
Being an engineer, this good quality content allowed me to get out of the loop of "blindly repeating model.train \n model.fit()". Thanks for clearly explaining and making it reachable for me.
Great course, definitely an excellent way of teaching. Although the videos don't have the best sound all the content and insights provided by Prof. Ng are extremely valuable and very precise.
It is one of the best course on Deep Learning. Thank You Instructor Andrew Ng, for this platform and the course. I had a great time learning these course of Neural Netowork and Deep Learning.
I would like to thank the  Professor and aal the people who set up deze ver instructive course.  I would also recommend other people who want to learn about deep learning to take this course.
Definitely one of the best course on coursera. I'm planning to finish rest of the specialization courses as well. Thank you all who made such an amazing job to help people improve themselves.
Very clear explanation by  Prof. Andrew NG(one of the best teacher I have ever seen). Awesome start from the fundamentals. Hoping to work with him in future if I substantiate over this skill.
This course was very informative and easy to understand. I was a complete stranger to neural networks except for some knowledge in python. Mr.Andrew NG has explained the concepts really well.
Needless to say Andrew Ng, hats off.  The topics are well streamlined. Delivery of content is superb, keeps you enganged. Nowhere did I feel like I was missing something. Thanks a lot Andrew.
This course gives you a really comprehensive insight into deep learning and is ideal for someone new to this field. The assignments are very relevant to content taught and are well explained.
iam really thankful to professor andrew ng sir . i have already did a course on neural networks but this course helped me a lot in understanding the neural networks. the course is very clear.
I am very happy and glad that coursera had given me the opportunity to do this course. Andrew ng is always the best in explaining the mathematical concept of deep learning and neural network.
A very good introductory course to the neural network or deep learning as a whole. The exercises/homeworks are well made and challenging enough to test your understanding. Highly recommended!
Best course fro NN beginners. You do not need a lot of knowledge of calculus to go through the course.  Back propagation for L  layer, NN was a tough one, but with little help, you can do it.
Awesome course.. makes you understand from a bottom-up approach without using any inbuilt functions for deep learning, instead focusing on the fundamentals. and all the magic behind the math.
Keeping in mind the prerequisite theory , this course is designed with a very good introduction on how to code these models beautifully and to the most efficiency . Really enjoyed this course
A great learning experience. Those who want to learn about deep learning basics, this is a top notch course. And thanks to Coursera for financial aid which helped me to get the certification.
Thanks Andrew and team. Now I am in the week 3, and I can feel that this first course strengthen my neural network foundation. It really helps me to implement neural network from the scratch.
Hi. I'm new in ML and DL. This course was very interesting and I got a lot new information. I also get a stimulus to recap calculus and linear algebra. Looking forward to finish next courses.
Great introduction to Deep learning. The lectures are very easy to follow. The programming assignments have sufficient hints/tips and are very do-able (if you have some background in python).
Excellent material, excellent presentation, excellent pace. I would say that the programming assignments were a little less challenging than expected but still learned a great deal from them.
Nice course ,the concepts are explained very well and easy to understand .The assignments walk you through various topics step by step and in general the assignments are structured very well.
This course is amazing! Professor Ng is probably one of the best machine learning instructors you could ever find! Definitely worth the money to take his class! You will learn a lot from him.
Excellent covering all the basics to start with neural nets and deep learning. The course contains a great mix of both theory and practical implementation. Thanks for such a wonderful course.
this course gives you very powerful tools with a real possibility to apply the new skills on real problem. As the previous course (Machine learning by Standford), Andrew Ng is the best prof!
Very clear. Coming from a scientific background, with lots of mathematics, I found the explanation a bit too long, so I skipped some parts; the notebooks were sometimes enough to understand.
Excellent course!! Really helped me in understanding basics of Neural network in deep learning.I look forward to proceed with next course in deep learning specialization.Thank you Professor.
An excellent course. It gives to you all the necessary recommendations and tips for understanding this topic. Also, the teacher has a very good teaching-way. He explained all in an easy way.
extremely good. Instructor is awesome and he gives a clear understanding theory and practical. I just hope I enjoy the rest of the courses in this specialization equally and learn from them.
Very well explained as always by Andrew Ng and his team at deeplearning.ai! :) The de-facto best course for people curious/eager to start learning this fascinating and empowering discipline.
Andrew NG really takes you from scratch to make you understand the Neural Networks and Deep Learning Concepts. I have become fan of him and started to undergo specialization of deep learning
Excellent courseEspecially would like to thank Andrew Sir.Though i understand concepts clearly, just had a bit hard time understanding the back propagation.Thank you for an excellent course.
Effectively, yet smoothly, takes you from the shallow waters of basic statistical prediction to the deep waters of neural network. I bet you'll enjoy swimming there alongside your lifeguard.
It contained a lot of concepts which was great to start with, at last enabling to build an application of cat classifier with 80% accuracy. Prof. Ng teaches exceptionally well. Thanks a lot!
Very detailed introduction to NN! Really enjoy the class and those Jupyter Notebook really help me understand the concepts. On the other side, the programming assignment might be too easy...
Very good introductory course in Deep Neural Networks. It is very useful for those who want to pursue career in Deep learning. Programming assignments are designed to get hands on experience
Thank you Andrew and Coursera for this wonderful intro to neural networks and deep learning. The concepts were explained clearly and the assignments complemented the understanding very well!
This is a great class. You will understand the big picture of neural networks after you complete this course. I do wish that Andrew Ng could add a full week of lectures for matrix calculus!!
Amazing course, well explained, concrete exercises to practice, although you need some previous experience in machine learning. Professor's Andrew Ng Machine learning course is a good start.
Very comprehensive. There were a lot of repetitions but all of them were required because it is a bit tricky to get used to the notations and the concepts. Once again, well done Prof Andrew.
Very good for getting the basics of forward and back-propagation correct.Provides a very clear understanding of these concepts.The grader's feedback for wrong outputs could be better though.
Great introductory course to Deep Learning. Definitely helps to be familiar with the materials covered in the Machine Learning course.This course highly encourages you to take the next ones.
I love this course, because I learnt how to build neural network. The backward propagation derivatives are not easy to understand, but I figure them out by watching the videos several times.
Exceptionally well formed course. It teaches you all the knitty-gritties of how to train neural nets from scratch. Thanks to Prof. Andrew Ng and Coursera for introducing this specialization.
Very well designed course to learn mechanism of Deep Learning.Prof. Ng taken Bottom to Top approach to taught this course. #ConsistenceTerminology #WellDesignedQuizzes #ProgrammingAssignment
Great when (as in my case) you have a bit of a programming and maths background. Andrew pretty much answers most questions you'd have in mind while learning, and reassures us along the way.
A  really in-depth introduction and yet not so confusing even for beginners, which is extremely rare in such a complicated subject. I am looking forward to complete the full course as well.
i have learned a lot and definitely looking forward for the more advance course. The course is structured very brilliantly.  It helped me develop imagination power in this domain. Thank you
Great introduction to deep learning. Andrew explains non-trivial concepts in a very understandable way and gives a good overview over the topic. Thanks a lot for the quality of the class :)
Great course. Includes all the information to begin generating custom deep learning models and running them. It was a blast to discover what's going on under the hood. Five stars from me...
Amazing teaching method ! it stars from the hardest concepts and if you persevere only for 2 weeks, the later notions will be a piece of cake for you. just remember to trust the instructor!
Loved studying this Yet another amazing course by Dr. Andrew Ng.It was a very fulfilling journey and I shall surely complete the specialization given the great teacher and stuff. Thank You!
This course was special to me as I had some theortical knowledge about working of NN and Now I have some hands on knowledge of DL NN especially, the connection from simple NN to complex DNN
Excellent course,truly enjoyed every lecture and assignments. Andrew Ng. sir explained everything in detail and it is the best course in market for deepLearning.Thanks to 
Andrew Yan-Tak Ng
This is an excellent course.  Not only is the instructor knowledgeable about the content, but he possesses great teaching skills. All the lectures, tests and assignments are very organized.
A very neat course explaining the internal working of neural networks. Starting off with the basic algorithm "Logistic Regression", the course explains a complex multi-layer neural network.
This was a very clear introduction to neural networks providing both a helpful intuition of how they work as well as hands-on examples of how to implement a binary classification algorithm.
It's a great course. Andrew takes you by hand and shows the importance of each and every step. Then, you finish by understanding that NN is not a magic, it has to work because of each part.
It was a great overview for me. I wish I could give 4.5 stars because of the homework. I would have preferred a bit more challenging homework rather than easy and clean homework. Thank you.
Hi,Just completed the course and liked it so much that I enrolled for next course. Concepts are nicely explained and programming exercise makes you understand the concept even more clearly.
Really enjoyed the course, gives foundational theory to neural networks and then generalises it in an intuitive way without complicating the topic with unnecessary derivations and concepts.
Professor Ng does a great job introducing a broad audience to neural networks and machine learning. Great lecture quality and will ease you into using python to structure your own projects.
A great first step for anyone new to Machine Learning looking to understand its emergence as of late, as well as how it's structured from both a computational and a mathematical standpoint.
Very well structured, very well explained, using the simplest and more efficient way to explain things, method used only by Professors who deeply understand his topic and best universities.
Very nice course, with clear explanations and very useful exercises to practice what is explained in the lectures. Thank you very much! I am looking very much forward to the second course..
Very good overview of neural networks.  Gives a good sense of the underlying math without being to boring.  Students that want more details will get good direction what to examine/research.
I thought the course was very well designed.  The material from the lectures flowed very seamlessly to the quizes and the programming assignments.  Looking forward to the next installments!
This is a great way to get started with deep learning.  The lectures are very well sequenced and offer a good mix of basics along with insights about using the techniques in the real world.
Another fantastic course offering by Andrew Ng. I very much enjoy his teaching style and the breakdown of assignment structures to progressively build helper modules into a larger function.
It is an excellent course. It has all building blocks for everyone who wants to grasp the key materials of AI deep learning technology. The interviews with gurus are exceptional intriguing.
The background of the DL is explained very well and it is a nice introduction to high-level optimizations. It also contributes to coding practices behind the scene very well. Thanks a lot.
Thank you!It was very exciting. I haven't been so involved in any process for a long time.
I have a similar inspiration when I typed my first BASIC code on "Elektronika MS 0202" at school.
It was a really well written/planned and interactive course.The best part about is its lectures length they are small and provide you will ample amount of info in order to keep you engaged
The computation graph way of looking at the forward and backprop is such a good idea. I now have a better understanding of what Neural Nets are and their inner workings. Thank you, Andrew!
Very comprehensive and with accessive language, but without losing academic core. Andrew NG knows how to teach us complex knowledge in simple and understandable words and enough equations.
Learned basics of deep learning from the very low level which gives the power of imagination of how things work in deep learning.looking forward to completing a full specialization course.
I learnt a lot of things in this course. After completing this course, I got an idea about how actually does neural network works. I would surely recommend a beginner to enrol this course.
This is probably the best explanation of neural networks ever created. Thanks to all the instructors for helping us understand all the exercises. The course structure is brilliant as well.
Very nice introduction to the subject. I enjoyed each and every assignment. Thanks for teaching the concepts in such a rigor and depth - this will help me to extend my knowledge in future.
I learned most from this course and the tutor is very well. Thank You very much for making this course available on coursera .It helps learners to gain knowledge from home through coursera
Great Course! Assignments are a great way to learn as even though you don't understand a lot of mathematical concepts as a beginner ,practicing them repeatedly helps you to get through it!
This is a wonderful course... A bit intermediate though!! I think instead of starting from the LR, some basic intuition about perceptron would have made the course more clear for beginner.
It is a great course to introduce the deep learning realm. Most of the fundamentals on machine learning and deep learning are well introduced with a good set of python practices exercises.
THIS IS THE BEST COURSE THAT I HAVE FOUND FOR DEEPLEARNING, WANNA THANKS TO ANDREW NG AND DEEPLEARNING.AI FOR THIS COURSE AND ALSO A VERY SPECIAL THANKS TO COURSERA TO PROVIDE THIS COURSE.
Really learned a lot from the course, really like it, especially the detailed explanation of the forward and backward propagation, and some DL concepts behinds the formulas. Appreciate it!
The explanation are easy to understand and well laid out. The programming assignment is fun and lets you implement what you learned in the video lectures. It is also not too much per week.
Learnt a lot of new things even though I have been doing ML for the past 6 months. I learnt how important a lot of stuff which is usually overlooked and considered "boring and unnecessary"
Very good course for beginners. Basic concepts are very well explained by Andrew sir with good real life examples. Useful for enthusiastic people who want to shift in deep learning domain.
I really love this course, it really helps me a lot for my research. Cannot wait to learn next course. Andrew Ng is very clear, I feel lucky when attend this course. Thank you Andrew Ng :)
this course provides me a good intuition of how neural networks works. And the Python's implementation is better than the Octave/Matlab's. It can help you to improve your AI skill rapidly.
It helped me to clearly understand forward propagation and backward propagation.Now i am confident that i can implement a deep neural network in python and even in C !!.Thanks to Andrew Ng
Brilliant course! Exercises were fantastic and one can image the amount of effort and thought process put to create these exercises. Thank you Andrew N.G and I hope to learn more from you!
Fantastic course structure. Assignments are designed in a way which helps you understand each step. Thank you Coursera and Andrew Sir for facilitating this course. About to start next one.
I wish it was more fast paced, apart from that it really helped me get behind what neural networks truly are.. I laud everyone in the team who made this course possible. Thank you so much.
it is a very useful course which can help you have a better understanding of deep learning. and the most important thing is that you can reviewed it so that you can enhance your knowledge.
Andrew teaching style and this course's pacing made it really easy to understand the key concepts. The programming assignments were extremely well thought out and really well put together!
From basic to a higher level understanding and grasping of Deep Learning, it is the best and systematic materials and classes that I've ever learned.Thanks, Prof. Andrew Ng, and your team.
I have never built a deep learning algorithm without TensorFlow. I love building a neural networks with my own functions!! Thank, i hope to continue learning in depth with another course.
This course is a very nice introduction to deep learning. The assignments particularly is to guide you build a deep neural network from scratch. very helpful in understanding the concept!
This course is very valuable for a beginner. It covers every topic in details and very careful explanation. I highly recommend this course for those who like to learn about deep learning.
Perfect course to start with for deep learning. Andrew clearly explained all the concepts that are needed for a beginner. This course has a beautiful path of a journey into deep learning.
Wow, I have learned a lot from Andrew. He make the neural network easy to understand. And his assignments is very challenging and makes me having a better understanding of neural network.
The course content and delivery of the instructor is excellent.  I would have liked to do the coding by myself. An algorithm/flow chart with minimal lines of codes would have been better.
Excellent course. I am able to understand the Deep learning foundations from the ground level. Course is well structured and for every deep learning beginners I think this course is Must.
Great, finally a course with well explained fundamentals. Not too deep, not too shallow, but to the root. Totally recommended for the ones who would like to learn the true logic behind ML
Thank you very much. I couldn't have thought about a better course than this to get started with neural networks and deep learning. It was extremely well structured, concise and complete.
Very good content. I had no idea what deep learning was, but now with the fairly clear and well communicated courses by Mr. Andrew, I have an idea and I know what to do next. Thanks a lot
Great introductory course for people with limited to no experience with machine learning or neural networks.  The material is very straight forward and the assignments are very practical.
After this course I now have a very clear understanding of what neuron networks are and how they are used. Material is very well structured and lecturer makes the course very interesting.
Great course! Aside from learning new things like getting familiar with python programming and deep learning, I also regained and reinforced my knowledge in Calculus. Thank you Andrew Ng!
Very nice course on Deep Learning. The first time, I implemented Gradient Descent along with Neural Network. Thanks to Andrew Ng and team for the detailed understanding of Neural Network.
The only thing that I think can be improved is color and the presentation of slides. Using a dark theme would really help. I would suggest something like this:https://youtu.be/aircAruvnKk
Fantastic! Managed to take me through complex mathematical equations without trauma or frustration, and got me thorough understanding of the foundations for neural nets and deep learning.
Excellent step-up through deep-learning networks. I am especially pleased to see the impact of multiple layers that combine features into complex patterns to do complex modeling/learning.
I really enjoyed this course and looking forward to finish the next 4 courses in order to get deep learning specialization.  Bottom to Top approach taken by the faculty is quite helpful .
Great value for 50$! The course materials (videos, quizzes, and programming assignments) are very well prepared. This course and specialization are the best introduction to Deep Learning.
Great course. It helps me understand the overall concepts of Deep Learning and Neural Networks. It also provides the hands-on experience on implementing the concepts to a usable solution.
Very good and mathematically-rigorous course on neural networks. Please provide bibliographical references for the people who want to have a more mathematically-precise proof of backprop.
Very good presentation of the courses, very pedagogical. The maths are very well explainedExercices very well prepared. Many advices on python programming are given avoiding loosing time.
One of the most enjoyable MOOC ever taken! Recommended for anyone who is excited to enter deep learning! Thank you Andrew for giving us such a beautiful course for this beautiful subject.
This is the best neural networks and deep learning course I've done until now. Prof. Andy has explained the required concepts in a very simple way thus implementing the code is very easy.
Before I took this course, I thought deep learning would require intensive amount of math. Obviously, that's not true. I was able to follow the lectures and finish the assignments easily.
It's the perfect balance between theory and practice to create a baseline knowledge for the NN and Deep Learning. Definitely, I will continue with the rest courses of this specialization.
I would recommend completing the "Machine Learning" course first before delving into this.Otherwise, great introductory course where everything was laid out nicely and totally made sense!
Great course overall! Learned a ton. Please give us some recommendations of interesting problems and some free, labeled dataset available online so that we could try things out ourselves.
This is a great overview, but fairly superficial.  I hope that future courses will build on this one.  So giving 5 stars for now, but need to see the rest of the courses to know for sure.
Very thorough explanation and relatively easy assignments providing most of the required work. Should be easy even for beginners and will give you a deep understanding of neural networks.
Thank you for the course. Amazed at how Andrew Ng and team start by assuming near-zero prior knowledge and connect so well with such a diverse audience. Assignments were well crafted too.
Awesome course! Concepts are clearly explained and easy to follow. I recommend taking Andrew Ng's "Machine Learning" course before this, since it covers most of the basics in more detail.
Excellent course, both lectures and exercise materials are amazingly straightforward, clear and useful. I am already working on applying the skills I learned in my own professional field.
It is an excellent blueprint for understanding the core AI Constructs of basic Neural Mechanics. It is like taking an neural engine apart seeing how it works and putting it back together
Fantastic Job Andrew.I really loved your course.I started course with zero knowledge on NN ,now I gained complete NN background and I can implement my own NN right from scratch.Thank you
Perfect for beginners with basic knowledge of algebra and calculus. Andrew NG is hands down one of the best educators I've come across and he explains the relevant math in a neat manner.
This course was very simple to understand and the assignments provided with deep insight into the practical implementations of classical algorithms without using deep learning libraries.
Really intuitive course, which gives you a deep understanding and fundamentals that u need to implement a neural network.Very well balanced between projects and assignments and lectures.
That was an irreplaceable opportunity for me to expand my knowledge in Neural Network algorithms.I'm really excited to finish the other four courses presented by Dr. Andrew and his team.
The course was taught really well. One gets a good intuition about how neural networking works. The assignments are very comprehensive and serves to better understand the concept taught.
Gained a clear intuition of all the steps required to develop an artificial neural network. The assignments give basic practice and solidify the concepts. Great explanation by Andrew NG.
Very easy to understand and follow. I guess some students will be confused by index of 'l' (lowercase L) in `reverse(range(L-1))` as it's not actual current layer, but current layer - 1.
Thanks a lot Coursera! I have done a number of courses to learn about practical aspects of Deep Learning. I finally found it. I will admit that the course ain't easy but it was worth it.
one of the best start and breakthrough this course gave me . I've been doing my internship and this specialization helped me to revise my course concept thank you Andrew Ng and Coursera.
Great courseHave some basic idea before this course. I would recommend doing the Andrew Ng ML course before this.It was actually a fun course and I got a deep idea about Deep learning :X
Great class that Andrew goes through the formulas step-by-step.  You can get a deep understanding of the deep learning concepts.  Now I understand the concepts in Tensorflow and Pytorch.
This course provided me better intuition about the magic of Neural Networks and practical guidance on how to use them. Loving this deep learning! Thank you Andrew and team! It's awesome!
I have taken a couple of deep leaning courses to date.  This one definitely advanced my knowledge.  The explanation of neural network backward propagation is the best I have seen so far.
Really impressed with the course materials. The lectures are easy to understand and the assignments intuitive. Thanks Andrew for shedding the light and the bonus interviews were awesome.
Excellent videos and programming assignments. I study mathematics so this mathematics behind it is easy for me, but finally I use mathematics practically. My frustration is gone. Thanks!
Thanks, Andrew Ng, for being a great mentor, You not only taught the deep learning, but also where you should look and mistakes that are common and how to overcome them, simply brilliant
An all-round and holistic introduction to the world of neural network and deep learning. Andrew Ng, like always, does a good job explaining the most complex concepts in the simplest way.
Really Andrew Ng is a genius and an awesome professor who teaches Deep learning, machine learning and related studies in a practical manner. I wish learners to get benefit from Andrew Ng
Though I am not new to deep learning, this course helped me clear some of my mathematical concepts and I also got familiar to how actually all functions inside any model are implemented.
Very good course. Gives you a pretty good idea of what are the internals of a deep learning algorithm. Programming exercise are not too difficult but require to pay attention to details.
Absolutely amazing course. I like Math and this course brilliantly explains all the intricacies related to building a deep learning neural network. I am looking forward to learning more.
Andrew Ng is a perfect teacher and he is able to explain the details quite clearly and directly. I love his course so much. Besides, the interview with Geoffrey Hinton is a big surprise.
Very detailed with perfect balance between theory and application. Programming assignments have precise instructions making it easy for anyone to me able to complete them and also reuse.
Never have I seen someone explain something academic to such an understandable level. Thank you Andrew Ng! The door is open, I guess I'll look for more complex material for further stage
The basics of deep learning were taught more thoroughly. I got a better understanding of back-propagation this time. Assignments are always a good practice and I really enjoy doing them.
Very nice course to get introduction into the basic concepts of Deep Learning and backpropagation. Probably would need 10X more work to feel I actually understand everything taught here.
Excellent course.. Andrew Ng is a wonderful and amazing teacher and simplifies the most toughest concepts with ease !! Great Job Andrew and thank you for offering this precious course :)
This course will teach you what is Deep Learning and the fundamentals of it. You will get to write the algorithms yourself rather than using pre-built APIs. Highly recommend this course.
Excellent course for understanding the fundamentals of deep learning. The programming assignments are designed to give you a behind the scenes picture of neural networks and are awesome.
The course is best for those who have already completed ML by Andrew sir and who have good maths background. Overall the course is marvelous and it will really get interested as you go.
Hi Andrew,You have done wonderful job. Thank you so much. I would recommend to give more programming assignments and quizzes for practice, so students get to practice more.ThanksSandesh
Great introduction into ML. Catchy.Really bearable, calculus and linear algebra-wise. Some insights into program code implemented caches would be a huge help in gripping the code logic.
It is a good course for those new to neural networks as instructor has covered most of the mathematical terms used in deep neural networks in order to have better concept understanding.
I feel very happy to complete this course and learn a lot from these videos. I hope you continue to do this work by introducing many new courses. Thank you coursera for all the support.
This course was a great, basic introduction to neural networks.  I especially appreciated the intuition that I've learned through this course which is often more valuable than the math.
It's such a great course that helped me a lot to understand deep learning correctly and implement deep neural network, Thanks a lot to Dr. Andrew Ng and Coursera Team, you're wonderful.
The code task is pretty good， I think only I print the code and test my program could I really have a good command of the knowledge I have learnt. Thank you teacher, thank you COURSERA.
I really enjoyed this course. The programming assignments were just challenging enough that you needed to understand the deep learning concepts but without needing to know a lot python.
When I complete this first course, I really feel like I do understand the basis of deep learning and the process of doing the programming assignment is awesome, guiding me step by step.
This course is very helpful for the people who want to get understand the basics of neural networks. It teaches all about forward propagation, backpropagation, activation functions etc.
Excellent course with very instructive programming assignments. The assignments do now require the installation of separate code. Everything is included within the Coursera environment.
An excellent introductory course to Deep Learning and Neural Network, very beginner-friendly, especially to people from a different background who has little math and coding experience.
Nice format for learning.   I like the overall template of videos, with exercises, and the Jupyter notebooks makes the learning less about programming and more about building the model.
You'll learn supervised learning (basically binary classification in this course. You'll have a chance to implement what you've learned into several projects. Recommended for beginners!
Very good course, Andrew Ng does his best to explain things in details and in such a way that anyone can understand, I can't wait to get my hands on his next courses in this specialty !
Awesome course! even for those that are beginning in ML & DL. Andrew explain the concepts easily and the practical sections are also great stuff. I'll try to complete the whole program.
Loved the derivations as well as the intuitive explanations. Relatively easy assignments (w.r.t dataset used) but excellent coverage of foundations of neural networks and deep learning.
Genuinely inspiring course. If you told me I'd be able to implement my own deep neural networks by the end of this 4 week course I wouldn't have believed you - but that is what you get.
Andrew does a great job explaining the concepts and formulas.  Assignments are setup to have you focus on what you need to learn.  The bonus videos are a great complement to the course.
Thankyou Andrew Ng and  coursera for providing such a fantastic course, This Course is so well so good and perfect. Now i know how NN works and why it works so better, thankyou so much.
Totally appreciate the effort and diligence put in by the instructor and the course assistants. Motivated me to keep learning till i gave my best at any point of time. Thanks very much!
Really useful, with an step by step methodology, that keeps it really clear from the ground up.The best: explanations from professor Ng. I wish I could find more like him in university.
Excellent introduction to Deep Learning / Neural Networks. The instructor makes the rather complex context approachable and I was very fond of his friendly and inspiring teaching style.
This was a very good start since I knew little about machine learning concepts but knew nothing about Deep learning. It would be more helpful if I can get more programming assignments:)
very good course i like they way Andrew proposed the ideas i m excited to accomplish the other courses :)i wish that Andrew was my teach in university he makes everything looks simple !
Outstanding explanation on backprop, although I've been playing with DL for a while, revisiting the concepts at such a low level was awesome, and very enlightening. Totally recommended!
Intermediate level course for those who know the basics of python and a bit of Machine Learning. Now I know how these algorithms work and now i can dive into some advanced level courses
Very good introduction to basics to Neural Nets. The course doesn't go deep on the theory but more on practice. Recommend reading the Deep Learning book (Chap. 6) along with the course.
great intro to deep learning, the jupyter notebook was super easy to setup and the assignments did a nice job of focusing on key concepts, not just the bookkeeping of python programming
This course builds very strong foundation of deep learning . For entire month you would be Learning about Forward prop and back prop but in a way you won't find any where on the net !!!
I took the Machine Learning course by Andrew, but going through this first course of the Specialization, I grasped a lot more and understood many concepts more clearly. Thanks Andrew :)
Just started week 2. This course is going to be a game changer with respect brining deep learning to the largest audience and possible create an army of practitioners, researchers, etc.
Lessons are well "step-by-step" packaged. Very practical approach to positively "force" you to undersatand all the details via coding; the structured notebooks are super in this sense.
Everything is explained in great detail. After the theory I sat down and wrote the first simple network and it worked. The details are very clear, which is very important. Good course.
Simply such an amazing experience, the chuncking of the information was key for me to learn in a proper way and the instructor was indeed very capable and passioned for doing this job.
Awesome course. Truly made for brilliant minded beginners. Any beginner in machine learning must take this course. I learnt a lot. Neural networks had never seemed so easy and natural.
In this course, I really understand the concept of Deep Neural Network and understood the basic concept of the above. Now I can be sure to move further in the field of Neural networks.
Andrew Ng is a great teacher with his teaching I am able to understand some very tough concept like backpropagation easily. Through this course I am more motivated about Deep learning.
This course really gives a thorough introduction to deep learning. All the concepts are explained in great detail. It is a great starting point to start learning about neural networks.
One of the best course iI learned!!!!!It teaches very important implementation and vectorization in python .It cleared my concept on backpropagation intuitions and implementation!!!!!1
The best course I have attended in NN and DL. It's amazing how easy the concepts are explained. The examples and practical exercises are great to understand much better these concepts.
I genuinely don't understand how the rating of this cource could be 4.9, not 5.0! I found clear explanations of every aspect of NN basics and thinkfully composed programming exersices.
Very good course! All explanations are clear and the  concepts are good organized and introduced. If you have the basics of the Machine Learning, this course would be simple and clear!
Hi, This Course is really good for me, it's open my eyes to the fact of deep learning. After this course I hope to continue learning by my dear teacher Prof A.NG. thanks for your helps
Good course, but I definitely spent more time trying to learn how to game the grader and submission system than about deep learning.  5 stars because it's not like it's Dr. Ng's fault.
I really like this course and the professor. because his courses make me feel comfortable and it's easy to understand even though I do not have previous math knowledge. Helps me a lot!
During this great course, you'll learn how to implement a FNN in python step-by-step. Notebooks provided are great to focus only to the developing part and not on the operational part.
Really well thought out material. Unlike other online courses that tend to avoid the math, Andrew explains everything. The course also teaches you to make neural networks from scratch.
I enjoyed the content of the required videos as well as the optional ones. They made it easy to follow along with the assignments, and some of them inspired me to become more invested.
This course provides a great overview of the classical statistical learning, classification, and describes the transition to the backpropagation e feedforward neural networks approach.
Informative and practical with focus on deep learning itself. Learners don't have to deal with setting up the software environment (e.g. installing python, libraries, jupyter notebook)
Wu provided a widen horizon of the deep learning knowledge and let us enjoy the course. I love the exercises which make me have a good command of the knowledge. Thanks Wu and his team!
it is a great course. The assignment is a little hard than the lecture. I don't think I know how to build a deep neural network model. I need to redo the assignment again to master it.
Clearly explained, in great detail. Easy to follow. Assignments led to a practical understanding of the material. Excited to take more courses in this specialization from Professor Ng.
If you are willing to understand & learn the theory behind neural network & deep learning with focus on practical assignments then this course is for you. You should always be curious.
Great introduction to neural networks and Python.  Although calculus and linear algebra are not prerequisites, students might want to review the fundamentals before taking this course.
Excellent introduction to deep learning with a fair deal of math to explain the workings of the black box. I enjoyed the programming assignments to set up neural networks from scratch.
Very decent course and materials. Explained everything in detail. I would say Dr. Andrew Ng overdid it. Some stuff are explained like 4-5 times so even idiots would understand it. lol
I loved this course. Everything is intuitively everything was explained. The best part is all those tough-looking equations makes complete sense now. Couldn't ask for a better course.
Andrew Ng is one of the best instructors of AI. I just love how naturally he explains every aspect of writing a NN :) I'm really grateful for being able to join his class on Coursera.
Course was taught in a way that with each Lecture concept was very much clear and precise. Programming assignment was made such that we got incremental knowledge with each assignment.
as always , andrew ng courses concentrate not only on the programming aspects but also on the mathematics behind it . looking forward to do the next courses in the this specialization
Good Course. Good learning experience. Thanks to Prof. Andrew for explaining the concepts so well. Programming assignments were both interesting and well designed. Thank you Coursera.
It was great learning experience. Course contents were really good enough to give insight of concepts taught by Andrew. I personally thank Andrew N G for elevating my knowledge level.
This course is a good way to learn about neural networks both in theoretical and practical way.  The programming exercises allowed to implement deep learning step by step using Python
Now I have a deeper understanding of what happens behind the curtains in deep learning models. Thanks for the amazing and easy to understand videos. The projects were well structured.
It is perfect in terms of explanations and giving proper intuitions about deep learning. Highly recommended. However, programming assignments could be longer and better. Thanks a lot.
Andrew Ng gives us a wonderful introduction to some key concept of NN. The course is basic but also gives inspiration to me who have been working on deep learning for a period of time
First course for me., thrilled to complete and see the certificate. Thanks for the motivations i received from our study groups arranged internally. The lectures are self explanatory.
The lectures and instructions in the videos are very clear, and it is a great entry-level course for neural networks. The programming assignments, however, are too easy in my opinion.
Almost all of the content was already in the old ML course by Andrew Ng, but it's good to start from the begining again (and also to implement it all on python now, instead of matlab)
This is merely the best organized course I have ever attended in. It goes deep into the math and the intuition behind the deep neural networks. Great job Andrew, the TAs and Coursera!
Professor Ng really knows about NNs. Most importantly he is able to articulate all he knows in a manner that is straightforward to understand for anyone regardless or your background.
Excellent intro to neural networks and deep learning. Teaches you all the basics so that you are able to understand any model and even derive and build your own from first principles!
When Andrew teaches you, no doubt you are going to learn it. He knows the areas needed to be concentrated in the initial phase of knowledge building. Thank you Andrew, you inspire us!
Great intro course of NN and AI, very helpful for both experienced and beginner~ Already recommend this course to all my friends want to know about machine learning and deep learning.
Andrew Ng knows his stuff. He was able to break down neural nets, a rather complicated topic, in a very descriptive way with good imagery. The assignments at the end keep you engaged.
This course gives the learner a good peak inside a neural network's architecture. It has material that is well thought out, and helps the learner solidify the basic NN design pattern.
Very nice course. Completed in this order so far:.Machine learning Stanford University.Neural Networks and Deep Learning Prof. Andrew NG and his team are great. Thanks to all :-) :-)
I really appreciate how clear and useful the materials are in this lecture! It helped me to dive deep into the material and really undestand how it works, and not by using only Keras
It was wonderful to learn deep neural network in python. Thanks to Andrew Ng Sir for making it simple to learn. I am hoping to get more knowledge from you from other courses as well.
Nothing less than excellent, as expected from such a good professor like Andrew. Definitely a must if you are interested in Deep Learning, one of the most relevant subjects nowadays.
A really useful course. I have been searching for such a course for a long time. Nice approach to the concepts, and very effective programming assignments. Thank you to the teachers.
The course walks you through step by step. For a beginner, it of the right difficulty level. This might not make you an expert but a very good course to strengthen your fundamentals.
This is the best course for beginners who wants to study neural networks. Understanding NN with coding from scratch is the best part of this course. Highly recommended for beginners.
Very useful course for all students to understand Deep Learning Neural Networks by practising Python coding language. Very details in learning foundametal theory of back propagation.
It is commendable that the course takes you through the detail to help understand what goes under the hood. This also helps learning Python particularly for those new to programming.
The course is excellent and friendly to Python beginner. But one small tip is that it will be beneficial to add a little bit programming introduction based on homework at some place.
Very good course on introduction to neural network and deep learning, enhanced my knowledge of what once confused me from the machine learning course's NN chapter. Highly recommended
Fantastic explanations for math and applications! The assignments could contain a bit less supervision maybe, but still extremely helpful. I am extremely happy that I chose to enroll
This course gives a very good intuition about the basics of Artificial Neural Networks and good practice on using a shallow network, 2 layer network and a multi layer Neural Network.
An excellent introduction. Subject matter presented at a very good pace. Exercises are well presented also making review/revision of topics and their implementation in code very easy
Great introductory course, although the assignments are repetitive, I think it's a good thing - this forces you to get intimately acquainted with the fundamentals of neural networks.
The course is very well organized and we can easily understand the concepts. Will try and access the notebook and see if i can play around and improve my understanding a little more.
Really great course. I learned Deep Learning during my Graduate Studies but this course helped strengthening the intuition behind neural networks. Thanks Prof. Ng for this course. :)
I really enjoyed the course. It equipped me with the basics required to understand the working of neural network architectures. Heros of Deep Learning videos were very inspirational.
I learned a lot from this course. I had some ideas about neural nets earlier but after implementing 2 layer and l layer neural nets by myself, the level of knowledge is very refined.
Great introductory course to Deep Learning. Informative lessons and good quizzes. Coding exercises are straight forward and give good understanding of the principles of Deep Learning
Good content as usual from Andrew. However, bit of a drag for people who have taken up the previous ML course from Andrew Ng. Thank you anyways for making learning so simple and fun.
Andrew Ng is one of the best teachers for Machine learning /Deep learning and his way of teaching is very easy to grasp and implement.I am grateful to him for launching this course .
So far, I've learn a lot. Still on course. Just want to say Thanks. Would be great if we can evaluate our answers for the quizzes without paying ^_^(Subtitles are a bit fast too X"D)
Awesome course! Gives you a great introduction to deep learning. I would recommend having some idea of linear algebra and a little calculus to really get the most out of this course
This course is very beneficial, explained lucidly from basics to advanced like never before. Helps in intuitive approach in python programming of neural networks. Thanks coursera :)
Best Neural Network Course. Helped me in learning the implementation of Deep Neural Nets from scratch. Highly recommended for anyone who wants start his/her career in Deep Learning.
Very well thought out course! Simple is not easy yet Andrew does a great job going from 0 to a 100 at a comfortable pace, while providing great intuition behind really complex math.
Good introduction for Artificial Neural Networks. Keeps balance between practice and theory. Provides enough mathematical background even if you are not familiar with some concepts.
It was a great course ! It sets your basics right for better understanding of concepts which are more complicated and helps us to apply the learned concepts in real world scenarios.
Excellent course. Professor Andrew strikes a perfect balance between math and programming. Also, you code a N.N. from scratch. This makes the course worthy of every second invested.
A well designied course. It gave me opportunity to reflect and relate to my graduate studies: Optimization by Chong & Zak, Matrix Computation by Watkins and Linear Algebra by Axler.
This is exactly the type of courses i like , they provide enough details and go step by step, everything was clear and the assignments are on point. Thank you for this amazing work.
It's just amazing. First time I apply these algorithms without using any library. It makes my foundation very strong and can't wait to complete other courses in this specialization.
This course was concise and very helpful in starting deep learning with python,  accomplishing the ML course of Andrew Ng before starting this one would be also very helpful I think
Perfect for beginners for intuitive understanding of the mathematical basis for Neural networks.  Thanks for the work put on the preparation of the ipynb as well, they are flawless.
This is a very knowledgeable course. It helps us to practically visualise what we are learning. Also helps us to get familiar with neural networks using Python Programming Language.
This Course will make you realize that neural networks are no longer a black box.This is rudimentary course for artificial neural networks implementation in python using just numpy.
great course, in depth material, well thought quizzes and assignments. Andrew is by far the number one teaching instructor in the ML/DL space. Looking forward for the next 4 courses
Amazing course. Great and completely involves us in the journey into Deep Learning. Insightful and very interesting. Learned a lot of new things. The project was a lot of fun to do.
This is a very good course in the raw form, means there is no use of standard libraries for the practical session. All complex concepts are broken down and explained in layman terms
Very good course and ground up explanation of how neural networks work. Not sure if required in my future work to have such deep understanding of neural nets, but definitely a merit
Excellent material to learn deep learning. Although this course would be easier to understand if you've done the first four weeks of 'Introduction to Machine Learning by Andrew NG'.
Very Easy going course language and style.Very Helpful in stepping into Deep Learning course.Best course to start with Deep Learning.Thanks a lot for your contribution to the world.
Great course to learn deep learning from scratch. The implementations are from scratch in numpy without using any in-build library. So you get how neural network works from scratch.
Excellent hands-on course. Very practical and without and going too deep into linear algebra. Knowledge is nicely built on top of Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course, but in Python.
Well structured course...brings backs memories of the old Machine Learning MOOC on Coursera. Hope to get deeper in Neural Networks with the subsequent courses in the specialisation.
This is really a great course to learn about neural networks and deep learning. Initially I thought the programming assignments are difficult to program but they really very simple.
Loved the course and exercises. Professor Ng is a great instructor and the programming exercisesare very helpful in gaining a true understanding of the mechanics of neural networks.
Best course for learning the basics of neural networks (and machine learning, in general). Lectures were precise and well-formulated and the assignments had all the right materials.
Great foundational course on how neural networks work.  Andrew does an awesome job of focusing on the structure of neural nets and not as much on basic programming skills in Python.
Very well designed and developed course. It has given me great insights and understanding of neural networks which has also given me also a great appreciation of the subject matter.
a really nice course to demonstrate the idea of neutral networks.The programming assignment is a HUGE help for me to finally understand the idea of forward and backward propagation.
This is a great course to learn about deep learning. It requires only some python and calculus knowledge. Be patient, and try to understand those formulas. Thanks a lot, Mr. Andrew!
Very enjoyable! This is a good introduction / refresher on the basics behind neural networks. It is worth taking your time to step through it to master the details. Very enjoyable.
This is a very good course for learning the basics of deep learning, it helps you understand how the math behind deep learning works and how to vectorize it for better performance.
Neural Networks and Deep learning is an excellent course for anyone who wishes to dive into the field of deep learning . The course material is very understandable and well taught.
This Course is great for begining with deep learning and the content was taught in progressive way.The programming excerises were a great for applying the concepts taught in course
Amazing course, much better than the other ANN courses found in coursera because of its practical approach, without focusing on the algebra but rather on Python programming. 10/10.
the course was excellent...it would be really nice if there were some more classes on the programming part,so that the programming assignment turns out to be easy for us to solve!!
Best online course for deep learning for beginners. It teaches the fundamentals of deep learning straightforwardly. It is not just a basic course, and it shows every way around it.
Very nice course. Must for a beginner who wants to set his foot in the field of Deep Learning. Thank you, Coursera Team for providing this course free of cost during this pandemic.
after completion of machine learning with Andrew Ng and then continue with this course ,now i have a solid intuition about machine learning and deep neural network, amazing course.
I think everyone who is interested to work in a domain of machine learning or deep learning must take this course. This course explains every nuance details in an organized manner.
The content is great, explanations are very well derived even for people coming with different backgrounds. Exercises are meaningful and complement very well the theoritcal videos.
Andrew Ng is an excellent instructor. He explains things very easily so that who has no previous experience in machine learning can grasp and understand all the things very easily.
This is an excellent course. It really helps to understand how neural networks work. The assignments are well thought out and will help you to better understand the course content.
Its an amazing course. The detail with which each concept is explained is amazing. Please create such courses for web development as well. Looking forward to learning more and more
A really great course if you have limited knowledge of Python and calculus. I learned a lot of things in this course and personally I found that everything was very well explained.
A very nice course to start getting acquainted with the basics of Neural Networks and Deep Learning. Thanks to this course, my basic understanding of NNs and DL is now much better!
Very good course, all very well explained. You will be able to understand every detail of Neural Networks and how to implement it from scratch in Python in an easy but powerful way
A lot of hand-holding and repetition, so may annoy more experienced practitioners. But for the novice it's a great introduction that is more than superficial, leading to real code.
I learn many knowledge and skills from this course, and it is very easy to understand, .From this coursera, i can write a neural network artificially. very thanks for all teachers.
Really nice training material, easy to understand, lots of informations to ingest but it really help to better understand the mean of Neural Networks and Deep Learning in practice.
Great course! Couple of points to improve:Video and audio may be betterExplanations of easy topics takes more time than explanation of harder topics (controversial, but my opinion)
One of the best courses I ever took online. The instructor is of course the AI genius, and the material and programming assignments are designed to help you learn at your own pace.
I really enjoy this course.  Andrew has a great talent explaining the science of deep learning in a structured and easy to understand format.  I would highly recommend this course.
Concepts and algorithms are clearly explained.Assignments are well designed and helpful.Interviews are insightful.Successfully pretends to be apprehensible to high school students.
the only mooc that has to be completed by flying colors in remaining of 2017.  excellent explanation even for those who didnt attend the Previous Mooc of Prof Andrew Ng. Keep it up
Everything created by Andrew Ng is top notch! Coursera, his Machine Learning MOOC, this Deep Learning Specialization, I don't know but I've heard autonomous helicopters & so forth!
Highly practical, and very exciting course. Professor Andrew Ng covers the theory and understanding of deep learning AI so well that it feels more like entertainment than learning.
Splendid course. Now I know how the build blocks of a neural network works, with just enough math underlying. Highly recommended for guys who has learnt calculus,  linear algebra.
The course cant get any better and the coding assignments are also perfect for someone like me who is totally new to deep learning. 10/10 for Andrew's teaching methods. Nice work.
I personally found the course very interesting and to the point. The programming exercises were neither too difficult nor too easy. The content was concise and had very few errors
The course is wonderful and covers plenty of basics. I just hope that the assignments provide more options to help self-troubleshooting and a model answer available after passing.
After taking Professor Ng's "Machine Learning" course, this specialization seemed like the best option to further develop my skills in this area. I'm glad that I took this course.
Brilliant course.Rightly paced covered lots of topics and helped build important intuitions about neural networks. Proff N.G Andrews is one of the best teachers I have come across
I came here to learn the basics of neural networks and I actually did. The quizzes were soo good and solved my purpose of checking my understanding level. Overall excellent course
Very thorough both in terms of theoretical knowledge and coding practice, I was able to fortify and deepen my understanding of Deep Neural Network. You did a great job, thank you!
Very specific to the topic, started from basic. Learned quite a lot about matrixes during the course. And now have a much better understanding of how feed forward computes result.
superb experience but it would be more good if we could have coded everything. Thank you very much for this organizing this course in such a beautiful way it gives all the basics.
Amazing Course, got a deep understanding of all that is happening when we train neural networks in a simplified way. I feel fortunate to have landed on this course. Thanks a lot!!
Really insightful, thank you! It would be great to have supplementary material on the in-depth matrix calculus of the back-propagation derivation. I'm doing it myself as practice.
The best course for a head start in deep learning! It is recommended to complete the ML course before starting this course, to have a better understanding of this technique in ML.
Very useful for a starter. If you know algebra better, then you might be able to skip some materials. It's very clear. Also, the python practice helps me gradually take on python.
Absolutely brilliant way of teaching, I could understand almost every single aspect that was taught. Perfectly curated course for people coming into the world of ML and DL. 10/10.
Impeccable course! Everything is explained in great details! I learned a lot from the course and it definitely exceeded my expectations! Thank you very much for your great effort!
I used to think Neural Networks is so hard to learn and it's for smart person. I took Machine Learning class by Andrew last year. His explanation is very clear and easy to follow.
Professor Andrew Ng is the best teacher I ever came across. Very clear, precise and to the point explanations. Concepts are taught thoroughly and Nothing is left in the black box.
It's very useful for beginner with engineering background to start to learning AI technology. This course not only contains theory but also practical question. Strongly recommend!
Thank You Sir Andrew Ng and his team for presenting a platform where students like us who cannot afford to pay the exorbitant fees of such courses providing us the basic necessity
I used to look at deep learning implementations, then look at the math and always wonder how all of that connected to each other, this course definitely shows all of it. Loved it!
Andrew NG is just marvellous. The way he teaches is extra ordinary. His concepts clarity makes him calm which imparting the learning. Thanks for mentoring. I am lucky to have you.
Nice intro! Start off with getting us excited and high level overview, then introduce the overall structure of feed-forward NN, then delve into specifics in the following courses.
A must-do for any aspiring and practicing Data Scientist for it provides a wholesome introduction and refinement on skill set to pursue and understand the literature of the field.
Such an excellent course! Professor explain each step very well and the exercises are easy to accomplish, but in a way that make you understand what you are doing. I recommend it!
Great course!!! It helped me build a L-Layered neural network from scratch... Thank you Andrew NG for this wonderful course...:) Looking forward to complete the next 3 courses....
Hands-on, practical, intuitive approach. Engaging experience. it's better if you have some previous knowledge in Calculus, Linear Algebra and Statistics, you'll be thankful for it
The course is very well organized and the instructor explains very clear. For people with some Data mining experience or background the course is just perfect. I enjoyed it a lot!
This is a great course. Easy to follow the instructors idea and the programming assignments are pretty practical and useful to get a intuition of Deep Learning.  Highly recommend!
I wish I could give this course 6 stars. Andrew Ng is a great instructor. He manages to achieve the perfect pace, not too slow, not too fast. I can't wait to take the next course.
The best introduction to Neural Network I have ever seen. Got to learn a lot. Will recommend to any beginner as well as any practitioner who wants to clear up the ground concepts.
Was quite easy to follow through after Machine Learning, but still added several new knowledge points. Totally loved to feed the algorithms with pics of my cats and not my dogs =)
Its an amazing, deep dive into the math and strikes a correct balance between understanding the underlying principles and application of the technology to solve real life problem.
Great course! Really goes in-depth of the mathematical implementations used to build Neural Networks. Programming Assignments were the toughest I have tackled so far on Coursera.
Excellent Course studying experience, real testing of the skills, advanced programming knowledge is explored in an individual. Thanks for the Author and Teacher - Prof. Andrew Ng
The course offered by Coursera was exceptional. It was well structured and contained excellent assignments. The lectures were well constructed and contain every topic in details.
Very good course to get the fundamentals of Neural Networks and Deep Learning. More emphasis is given on the inituitions which enabled to get an insight to the NN and DNN models.
Good instructor, good community and discussion forum to support your understanding. Very thorough introduction course to be honest. Constant update on exercises' codes is a plus.
Concept of Neural network and L-layered neural network (deep learning) covered amazingly! great guide. especially those python notebooks! helpful handbook to refer topic anytime!
One of the best courses that I have studied in my life. Andrew teaches everything in such a concise and elegant manner and really makes everything extremely easy. Worth the hours
Its an excellent course. As, a beginner, i find it very amusing and interesting. Andrew is great, and those challenging assignments is a boost during learning program. Thank you.
The best course to start learning basic concepts of NN. You cant imagine, but this course even covers the basics of calculation of gradient, gradient descent. Highly recommended.
Very good refresher even for those who already have prior knowledge of neural network. It was good to implement neural networks from scratch and delve deep into the nitty gritty.
This is such a wonderful course!!. Perfect course to understand the inner workings of a neural network. The programming assignments are the most helpful resources of this course.
Great Intro Course to ML! really enjoyed the simplicity with which the learner is introduced to both Python and ML. Dont need to be proficient in python at all to do this course!
Andrew Ng has done more to democratize AI than anyone in the world, and his teaching and courses are great. Difficult and challenging but fascinating and rewarding. Great course.
One of the best basic course for Neural Network. Helped me a lot to understand the ABC of Neural Networks. I look forward to completing the rest course offered by Deeplearning.ai
This course has a very deep explanation of deep learning. At first, I thought it would be tough for me to learn and understand this, but the way Ng sir explained is just awesome.
Really good intro to neural networks! Also it gives you some info about python if you are not so familiar with python, but you know how to write programs in some other languages.
This is a great course to give you the fundamental knowledge to deep learning. The projects are well designed to give you intuitive of all the concepts you learned in the course.
It is a great course with a well balanced breadth of math and programming with full lot of explanations and hints.Highly recommend to anyone who want to break into deep learning!
Excellent course for anybody looking to get an introduction to neural networks. Slightly theoretical but Dr. Andrew Ng's style of teaching makes difficult concepts easy to grasp.
Excellent and I believe this is one of the greatest course I have ever studied. Very clear and intuitive in explanations with lots of concrete examples and exercises. Keep it on!
Excellent introduction to the deep learning discipline, coupled with (necessary) mathematical explanation and python implementation makes this course vital for any dl enthusiast.
Amazing introduction to the topic. I've been following Prof Andrew for log time now (started with his CS229 course). He makes the topic so easy to understand. Thanks Professor :)
I can't imagine any course more lucid than this. Andrew Ng is an exceptional teacher. I have learned so many things. Thank you everyone who has contributed in making this course.
Excellent - Very good lectures, Quizzes are setup very well to check the understanding of key items and The programming exercises are so good in particular with Python notebooks.
This is the best deep learning course! Good explanations! Thank you for begining with linear regression and not with biology) There are good lessons about backprop and deep nets!
Very good course for beginners in machine learning. For experienced a refresher to learn the basics in detail and program it from scratch. Overall recommended for ML enthusiasts.
This course helped me understand the fundamentals rather than importing the "magic-libraries". Andrew made the maths behind the neural networks really understandable. Thank you.
Atleast one exercise in last must have been provided for full implementation of L layer Neural Network with another data set with full implementation of every function and code.
This course really helped me to brush up my skills in neural networks and deep learning. I am really glad that I can enhance and build my skills in this field.Thanks to the team
A great introduction and foundation for anyone who wants to delve into the world of Deep Learning and Neural Networks.Most concepts explained very clearly by Professor Andrew Ng
Hands of to you (Andrew Ng) sir explain each and every detail of neural network. how to create shallow Neural networks to deep learning networks. I like the journey of  learning
properly articulated course for ML and was explained properly at every step. I would recommend anyone trying to get into ML, please go through this course its highly benificial.
Amazing course to start learning about Deep learning. This course gives really good insight about deep learning and neural networks. I would love to continue to further courses.
I absolutely loved the course especially the assignment problems were really well explained for beginners and gave a clear insight on solving problems..I had a wonderful time...
Very detailed videos, good explanations and good to follow but not too easy tutorials. Also, Mr. Ng has a very encouraging way of lecturing. Thank you very much for this course.
Andrew Ng makes you understand the fundamentals on deep learning well, but he doesn't delve into the calculus explanations, although that isn't the main objective of the course.
Privileged to have such an excellent introductory course into deep learning. This course gives you a great foundation and it will surely inspire to delve into these topics more.
I am greatful to deeplearning.ai and coursera as they took into account my financial conditions and provided this awesome course to me in free .I learned a lot about basics here
This course is brilliant. the studying materials was very clear and easy. The assignments were very useful and touching the real life applications. I really enjoyed this course.
Great introduction to neural networks. This is the perfect level of detail for being able to implement a neural network without getting stuck in all the mathematical derivations
Nice contents with useful hands-on assignment. However, I personally found the forum was not really useful to get help for the assignments, perhaps due to the Honor Code. ......
It was an awesome experience. The way Prof. Ng teaches is really awesome. He tells each and every minute detail one needs to know before getting his/her hands on with the codes.
The course gives a very clear insight of the concept of neural nets and the best part of the course is the programming  assignments which teach us to code from a beginner level.
Awesome learning. To get started with Neural networks, this was perfect. Loved Andrew ng's  teaching. He teaches really well. Thanks a lot Coursera for the learning opportunity.
This course helped me a lot. I learned how to build my own L-layer neural networks on my own. The
exam questions are tricky but helpful and the code assignments are high quality
Great course, I really appreciate the notebook structure in jupyter and I think this will be the new boundary for the future of learning!Thank you for your effort Coursera Team!
Andrew Sir, You are one of the best teacher i have ever seen in my life.You have explained all the required things in a very simple way.Thanks and Best Regards,Nitin Kumar Karma
Excellent teaching and great material! very student-friendly with hard concepts made easy to understand and assimilate. Look forward to the other courses in this Specialization!
Great course! After completing Ng's machine learning a year ago I looked into other deep learning courses and was happy to see that Ng created this coures, he's a great teacher!
Well organized and I found the systematic construction of a python core functions and building up to a L-layer neural network as incredibly helpful to understanding the process.
The basics of a NN explained in a very structured way. I learned a lot and have a much better understanding of the algorithm and especially the backward propagation now. Thanks!
I found the programming exercises very helpful in fully understanding the concepts. Step by step guidance in ipython notebook is really awesome. It made things easier and faster
NN and LD is amazing cours it's very simple everyone could undersand it if you want to know what going on in deep learning , don't hesitate to take this cours quickly thank you
Easy to approach with my basic skills on Python. The teacher is very clear and concise, main features are highly stressed. I'd like more written documents for summary purposes.
This is an amazing course until I learn from Andrew Ng, I don't get the base knowledge of deep learning. I am very thankful to Andrew Ng who is a great mentor for these topics.
before coming to this course ,i had completed related courses from other online sites. but as name suggests, this course will give you a very minor details of "Neural Networks"
High quality and thoughtful coverage of the material. Appropriate depth for an introductory course. Lots of effort to teach the intuition behind key aspects of neural networks.
Very good explanation in easy to understand with hands on - on Python. I used this as my first material even before any book or any other reference material and got most of it.
The content and structure of the course are perfectly elaborated. In the assigned programming tasks consolidated the fundamental concepts and at the same time you learn python.
Every module has been designed very carefully and by working out the assignments, intuition towards the subject develops a lot.  Thank you so much for teaching Dear Andrew sir.
Great that we get to see machine learning from the raw, mathematical perspective. I was able to create my own python module for a (basic) arbitrarily-deep neural network model.
The learning experience was amazing. I learned a lot about how to implement a deep neural network from first principles. Andrew is an excellent instructor. Totally recommended.
Excellent introduction to neural networks and deep learning. Content is similar to Machine Learning course by Andew Ng, but exercises in Python and emphasis on neural networks.
Very informative for the one who wants to start their career in the field of AI and Deep learning. Professor Ng makes complex concepts easy to understand which I really admire.
Very good course which is good place to start own adventure with NN and Deep Learning. Difficult issues was explained in simply way. Interesting exercises and content to learn.
This is the best course for learning neural network. Strongly recommend that if you have interested in learning deep learning, do not miss the course. And thanks again, Andrew.
Excellent Introductory course. Prof. Andrew has a superior skill in simplifying complex problems.The only thing I've missed is the further readings recommended by Prof. Andrew.
Very amazing topics and well explained also, I would like to thank you (all staff) for the time, effort and patience in every part of this course. Best regards, from Guatemala.
Very Informative course. This course helped me in doing my final year engineering project. Assignments helped me a lot to understand the concept and implement it in my project.
The context of the course is understand easily but not shallow. The project is perfect  designed and the code deserve reading repeatedly for learning the awesome elegant style!
A great course for beginners. I already had knowledge of python and calculus but I would say you do not even really need this to achieve success. Very thorough and interesting.
Coding exercise is great but felt bit too advanced and struggled a lot .. could have had more coding assignments.. Enjoyed and looking forward to complete the remaining courses
The programming assignment gives you every details on how to make it right. It is also a good template for learners to use for the best practices for writing python code for NN
Andrew Ng is a fantastic teacher, and the programming exercises provide a well-structured framework for learning how to apply all the theory imparted during the video lectures.
It was really awesome to learn neural networks from scratch. By completing this course I am feeling confident about my understanding of deep learning. Thank you  Prof. Andrew .
It is a short but very deep introduction to the concepts and implementation details of the artificial neural networks and its application to supervised classification problems.
Great course. Very good overall. One suggestion, for those interested it would be nice to put the more granular derivations as optional videos or just as optional course notes.
Excellent course for beginners with nicely paced videos for sustaining interest (rather than throwing up lot of jargons to scare) !! and glimpse of future with leader videos !!
good course arrangement, clear path of knowledge learning.some challenges  in the program assignments ,but  still give you enough tips to finish and keep your courage to go on.
This  lesson is very good for new deep learning learners. It's not difficult to learn this lesson. And after finished the lesson, I got a clear understanding for deep learning.
I sincerely appreciate Andrew's contribution. I have used Keras before while this is the first time I know what is activation='relu' behind the scene. Very impressive! Thanks!
so helpful and intuitive explanation about deep learning's basic ideas. I could understand mathematical expressions from deep learning and machine learning before I watch this
Thank you for allowing me to take my time to go through the rigour of this course. Though I might remember how it works now I am sure I can apply it when I see the challenges.
Nice course. Learned a lot of theory and put it into practice with good code examples. Nice that it's also self sufficient and doesn't rely on other systems or cloud services.
This course helps me have a basic understanding of neural networks, e.g, how they works and their applications in binary classifications (cat vs non-cat). Thank you very much!
Great starter course for neural networks and deep learning. Nice explanation of the maths behind the entire setup and walk through videos to build the model. Thanks Andrew NG.
Excellent course to dip your feet into the world of neural networks and understand the basics of deep learning while gaining familiarity with imp. tools like jupyter notebooks
Really good course. Starts right from the basics and there are no pre-requisites. Those from the non-technical background can also understand and implement the concepts easily
It's a great course to develop an understanding of Deep Learning. I would suggest completing the Machine Learning by Stanford taught by Andrew Ng first. Excited to learn more.
It was really a great and imperative course. Timely modified modules like dnn_utils are very helpful to understand and make necessary correction to our codes when it's needed.
Easy to follow! Great balance between making the course content just deep enough (in terms of theory) while also maintaining practicability in the form of "tangible" examples.
Very detailed and hands-on introduction course into Neural Networks and Deep Learning. Prior Python and statistics/algebra knowledge is very helpful to get started right away.
The Best course to get started, Building deep neural networks from scratch gives a better understanding of how neural nets work. Also Andrew Ng teaches the concepts very well.
This course is amazing. The professor explains clear, and he always give extra information that cannot be found easily. I widely recommend this course to all who have interest
A very detailed course. Hands on programming exercises are a very good initiative and the bonus videos with field experts is something I liked a lot about this course. Thanks!
Great course! I was shocked by the well designed assignment. This course really helped me get to know deep learning. It totally worth the time I spend on it! Highly recommend!
Easy to follow. The course ignores the Python knowledges in the first place and focus on NN, then it gives you many chances to learn the needed Python skills with assignments.
Wonderful Course! I learnt a lot from it, and understood exactly many concepts and processes about ML and DL that I didn't know before. It's indeed worthy your time and money!
This was a very valuable course, Andrew Ng is a stellar teacher and as my first neural networks course this motivated me even further to improve myself in this gorgeous field.
This is the perfect lecture for deep learning starter. Prof. Andrew kindly teaches to me. The lectures and exercises are totally linked so that I can make deep learning model.
An excellent, highly educational course with clearly understandable, bite size videos and very straightforward homeworks. I never understood neural networks until this course!
This is a wonderful course that takes you from knowledge level zero to a confident deep learning engineer. This is best course to start for anyone venturing into deep learning
Working through the exercises really helped to increase my confidence that I *could* coded this up if I needed to. The interviews with the AI figures were an extra nice bonus!
Excellent course. Learned a lot, in particular the hands-on part is very powerful and insightful. Andrew is a great instructor with a very clear and concise instruction style!
Quick and detailed thoroughly explained course, a great start for learning deep learning.  A great refresher if you're taking Andrew's Machine Learning Coursera Course before.
Excellent content, along with top-notch programming assignments to consolidate the concepts learned in the video lectures. Discussion forum is super useful and active as well.
This course might be a bit easy for someone who already studied the machine learning course from Andrew, but it still gives some good intuitions and is a good reminder anyway.
Very well done. Easy to follow, but also provides a lot of information about the math behind neural networks and the foundation of neural networks. Definitely would recommend.
Great course! I am continued student from machine learning course by Andy.  He is genius at teaching novice ignorant people and after the course those are decent AI engineers.
Very well designed, provided a thorough introduction to Neural networks and deep learning. Love the interview sessions and good to know the stories from "heros" in this field.
Very helpful for understanding the implementation details of any neural network! Strongly recommend for those who want to know why it works, and how it is smartly implemented!
I liked the step by step learning concerning the implementation of neural networks in python. The teacher was excellent in derivations and walking through the required steps.
I love how this course dives into the weeds of deep learning and really teaches you how to structure deep learning networks from the ground up; algebra and calculus included!
Excellent quality of teaching as always by Andrew Ng, lecture material is very coherently delivered and the thought that you have put into your course's structure is evident.
Very good assignment to deepen the understanding and how to put the theory into application.it'll be ideal to provide the detail of all supplied built-in customized functions
The course is well structured, beginner friendly, short and to the point. The instructor takes a very holistic approach to explain the concepts and the intuition behind them.
This course content was very good and engaging. Kindly give some information of data collection and cleaning to implement a effective neural network on our own with our data.
This course is an amazing headstart to the world of deep learning and neural networks. By actually implementing models you would surely drill important concepts in your mind.
The way the math behind the neural networks is explained is very attractive and makes deep learning very easy. I really liked the course too much from start to end. Thank you
very clear audio, video, to the point clarifications, and an amazing sense of learning is achieved during this course. a huge thanks on behalf of all the students out there!!
Learnt about a new dimension of deep learning, thoroughly enjoyed the course and gained in-depth knowledge about the concepts. Thank you Andrew NG and deeplearning.ai team !!
Really great one! In some degree it refreshes what I've learnt previously on the Machine Learning course by Andrew + lots of new stuff, and, of course, Python! I'm loving it!
Great intro level course. I never felt overwhelmed and the assignments are set up to avoid the painful technical parts of programming in order to focus on the subject matter.
Amazing course.Learned a lot and the exercises and assignments provide a strong practice of the concepts learned.Andrew Ng as usual amzing.Got lot of support from the forums.
This course was a very fundamental course. I think this course can help to understand the backbone and the general ideas behind deep learning and machine learning in general.
Thank you, Prof. Andrew Ng, for your amazing insights and teaching method to explain to me how deep learning works. This is the most complete Deep Learning course on the web.
A great introduction to neural networks and deep learning. The quizzes and labs are a good way to test retained knowledge and put into practice what's been learned each week.
The first to three weeks seems to be harder for me, but everything made sense at week four. It's really important to persevere from start to finish to understand this course.
Assignments works were from scratch that can help any student get a clear intuition of the neural network as all the required detail is being explained by professor andrew Ng
It gives an idea about neural networks,python programming.I like the way  of presentation, assignments and interview with experts.All will help us to understand AI world more
This is one of the best course I know of,  this course teaches you to do complex calculation is simplest possible way and every calculation is explained with great intuition.
This course is great because the contents are clear and consice. The excercises are very helpful and they help me a lot to understand what neural Network is and how it works.
It was refreshing and a good place to brush up my fundamentals again. As always Andrew Ng has done a great great great job organising and teaching the material. Thank you Ng.
The concepts are taught with easy to follow examples.Earlier i had given up after trying the machine learning course a few times but this one is quite easy to follow through.
I liked this course, it is very well explained and it proves that you don't need to be a genius in calculus to achieve it. Good luck to anyone taking this course and have fun
I really enjoyed this course.  I took Andrew Ng's seminal ML course previously; this filled in a bunch of gaps for me.  I'm looking forward to the next courses in the series!
For an absolute beginner one of the best introductions to neural networks.Although the programming exercises felt too much spoon fed.Nevertheless , it was a very good course.
This course gave me an introduction to deep learning and its practice. I think it is a very good start for people who want to start on this exciting journey of Deep Learning.
excellent and amazing class! super intuitive and great, clear explanations. highly recommend to anyone interested in ML and deep learning especially.  be familiar with numpy!
This is a great course, It helped me building intuitions about how neural network works, what kind of activation functions shall we use in a problem. Overall, Great content!
Really is an introduction to neural networks. Andrew is an excellent teacher, who is able to take you through deep learning easily. Very useful if you are new in this field.
It was detailed yet very comprehensive! Andrew's approach to the problem makes the concepts of deep learning, calculus, and neural network easy to understand and comprehend.
Excellent course I had already understood the programming part but getting the insight and knowledge behind it was something I always wanted to do and this course delivered.
Very interesting assignments. Got to learn python numpy & how effectively to build a neural network. Also the back-propagation implementation demonstrated was quite helpful.
You will learn to implement neural networks from basics in python without using any bulit-in libraries. It will train your basics of forward and especially back propagation.
This is the best course I've ever seen. Their explanations are pretty clear, Those who are interested in neural networks & deep learning I will always suggest this course...
Difficult because I have not programmed in Python. I trained in C and c++I have done research in Neural networks in the 1980's and wanted to start applying it to healthcare.
Great course, I would've just preferred to learn a bit more about the calculus behind back propagation using sigmoid activation as I think that would've helped me out a bit.
Great course for those who are new to Deep Learning. For those who are familiar with DL, this course is an excellent way to revise the principle of how DNNs work in details.
This course really helped me understand what goes on behind the scenes in a neural network. It has also given me the ability to implement basic neural networks from scratch!
Appropriate content, very easy to follow and not get lost in the formulations. You end up with a very clear idea of both the concept and the methodology for its application.
It is great and Mr Wu is a patient teacher. I learnt a lot from this course which leads me to know about deep learning. I will try to learn more courses about deep learning.
If you have don't Machine Learning by Andrew Ng, then completing this course should be like cake walk for you...Very Interesting course, also Andrew Ng is just amazing <3 <3
The Best course on Neural Net, Deep learning and it was taught clearly and intuitively. The Best course that I've ever seen. Thank you Andrew Ng sir for this great teaching.
Andrew Ng has an elegant knack of adjusting his speed and depth accordingly in his courses. His speed resonates exactly with mine and I thoroughly enjoyed doing this course.
Starting from very basics, the course provides a full hands-on experience in building deep NN.Algorithms are made very clear and mathematical part of it is explained nicely.
It's super cool as a cours!!! The teacher began with basic and easy neural network and make it deeper through the course, and I found the exercises are always interesting !!
It was the basic discription of deep learning and neural networks. And  I learnt some basic conceptions clearly. Andrew WU was a great teacher! I love these online classes .
Professor Ng does a great job of teaching about neural networks. I took his Machine Learning class and this was a natural extension on the one week spent on neural networks.
Very good intro on neural network. I had basically no significant previous knowledge and now I feel very motivated on keep learning and possibly experimenting on some ideas.
Best course I've seen yet on Deep Learning - very approachable, builds up from basic principles and really keeps the beginner state of the participant in mind along the way.
Easy to learn with step by step instructions with theory and programming knowledge. You gained great knowledge and will be able to implement DNN model from scratch yourself.
The explanations were very clear and especially the ones in the programming assignments. The course was flexible, crisp, clear and worth the time. Thanks to the instructor.
The Programming assignment and quizzes are real deal they really enables people to put their best in it. Overall, definitely Helpful and it is worth trying this course out.
Truly an incredible course taught by an exceptional mentor! The methods by which Andrew teaches us is so enjoyable and easy to learn. One of the best courses to learn from!
I'm giving 5 start, it was a really great course with a good mathematical explanation. the exercises help you a lot to understand how machine learning works, nice job guys!
This is the course for someone who wants to learn neural networks and its code from scratch from beginner level to advance level. Huge respect for Prof.Andrew and his team.
Nothing, it was perfect. But it'd be interesting to see the numpy module written from scratch using SIMD instructions but that is probably outside the scope of this course.
Wonderful course. Each step was taught in elaborate detail and the programming exercises were well tailored to add value to what was learnt, make the fundamentals stronger.
This is the best course I ever have completed on Coursera. The best part is, this course takes very small-small steps and you will complete the course without even knowing.
Neural Networks and Deep Learning a very detailed and straight forward course,  I highly recommend it for anyone that wants to dive into machine learning and deep learning.
Great Course, the concepts were explained very well. The difficult derivations are made easy due to setting up consistent nomenclature and going through intuitive examples.
A good overview of basic neural network concepts, with some hands-on programming experience for forward- and back-prop, gradient descent, etc. Overall, I'm pleased with it.
Pretty much a great course to apply  Neural Network to Binary classification problems and to obtain a sense of what actually happens under the hood of a Neural net engine .
Great refresher for the old "Machine Learning" course from Stanford University. Using python + numpy this time instead of octave, puts is closer to real-world applications.
The way Prof. Andrew Ng explains core concepts from scratch is unparalleled,and the course assignments are also well designed to give you a feel of how the algorithm works.
More back propagation derivations would have been nice for those of us that know calculus, but very approachable, and good big picture ideas on implementing neural networks
The course was useful to understand the basics of deep learning i.e. neural networks and helped develop intuition regarding the working of forward and backward propagation.
Great course, amazing teaching style, learned to program in the environment but not real life in the terms how to do this (cat recognition) outside the environment provided
The course is great, well explained of how deep neural network works.It will be better if there is corresponding code for the same DNN model in tensorflow/ pytorch / keras.
Only after A few videos can I tell this is going to be an amazing course. This will definitely add more value to my Masters of Science in Health and Life Science Analytics.
Requires basic math and programming skills.  This class will challenge you, but you'll come away with a solid understanding of neural network fundamentals.  Thanks, Andrew!
I enjoyed this course. it provides the basics that you need to know to implement NN and DNN at least as an engineer who is not interested in an academic or research career.
This detailed introduction lecture guide me understanding deep neuron network well. It helps me to construct the sense of fundamentals and leads me to explore more further.
The course is very well structured. The explanations are clear and concise. And the notations are perfectly fitted for the understanding the programming assignments. Great.
Loved it -- material is very well structured, explanations are very intuitive, assignments are very practical. Nothing is made harder than it needs to be -- very well done!
Cheers Professors Andrew and team.Excellent Content !!If optional videos for the derivation of the equation in the L-layered network  be included , that would be fantastic.
Excellent course. I would recommend that the instructor be a bit slower while scribbling. Optional sections with the calculus derivations of the equations would be welcome.
Andrew Ng is more than an excellent teacher.  His lectures sooth my tired soul after hard working day.Thank you so much Andrew, god bless you, your family and your group!!!
Very good intro course. Dr Ng is an effective teacher, and is great at introducing concepts so they can be easily grasped. I look forward to the rest of the specialization.
I am grad that Dr. Ng uses python because I switched from matlab to python to run ML.  I want to recommend to everybody, because he teaches from detail to real application.
Very good course Iv ever taken, Andrew helps me penetrate the AI world via this course. Only thing is the Monthly subscription fee is a little high for us Chinese students.
One of the best ways to start deep learning. I learned what's behind the neural network and this helped me a lot rather than directly using Keras or Tensor Flow libraries.
After going through this course, I am able make neural network modles for ML applications. Its a best course for beginners and covers all basic concepts of neural network.
It's an awesome course for intuituions awout neural networks. I think everyone should try it after getting some basic understanding about ML and DL from some other source.
Good balance between theory and practice. More detail regarding the format of the data set, how to get data into the right format and loaded into the model will be helpful
Very interesting course. I liked how everything was explained and how much detail everything was explained. Now I understand more about the possibilities of Deep Learning.
This is the best course, which not only teaches us the theoretical knowledge but how to implement deep learning! I feel so grateful to take this course! Thank you so much!
The clarity and the simplicity of the instructions in this course makes it a winner. Andrew can take some very complex problems and explain it in a very simplistic manner.
It's a great course to get started in deep learning which gives all the basic intuitive and mathematical foundation required for learning higher level learning algorithms.
The Deep Learning course by Andrew Ng sir was great , it gave me a very good intuition of building a L-layered Deep neural network from scratch and the way backprop works.
Excellent demonstration of Neural Networks from the ground up. Breaking down the problem into smaller functions eases the understanding. All concepts are conveyed clearly!
very good pace, not too deep, not too shallow, it is left to the student to dig further(math) if they are interested, main ideas and structures are well explained. Thanks!
Really excellently explained. Takes students by the hand and guides through fairly complex stuff, providing some good intuition along the way. I can only highly recommend.
Truly truly amazing experience, I am now confident to take on any Machine Learning conference as I know the backbones of the algorithms implemented. Thank you Sir Andrew !
This course is a great introduction to deep learning mechanisms, and is really useful for starting to develop your own models. Do consider taking the whole specialization.
This course is very useful and makes one's understanding about Neural Networks a lot better. Would recommend everyone who aspires to get into NN to start with this course.
A very good interactive and hands-on way to get experience in building deep neural nets! Would like more derivation and/or techniques on the derivative of multi-layer NNs.
This was a really fun course! However, I feel that not enough emphasis was given on how the derivatives were obtained, which seems like an important part of deep learning.
Some of the exercises are boring, as all the information is in the text or, for example when computing matrices dimensions, they are shown bellow in the assert statements.
it provides very fundamental knowledges, from calculus to basic tools of linear algebra, enabling a beginner who prepare for entering the gate of neural network naturally.
Phenomenal course! Kudos to Andrew Ng for creating something that's even better than the ML course. Python programming is much more intuitive than Octave. Highly recommend
This is very easy to digest.  It is hard to fail the practice tests at the end of the sections.  I think I have gained a good understanding of how to build a NN on my own.
I found this course deeply interesting and helpful. It is well organized that all pieces of deep learning knowledge are sequentially and logically connected to each other.
Wonderfully designed course,i just want few concepts to be added if possible Andrew Sir:Gradient vanishing issue,effect of number of hidden layer over gradient vanishing .
Great balance of depth and not getting into the weeds. Meticulously designed programming exercises. Thoughtful meditations on how to understand and approach Deep Learning.
It was quite challenging to understand the math behind. You will larn to program your own Deep Neural Network. ANdrew is a very good teacher. Highly recommend this course!
I enjoyed doing this course immensely. Prof Ng has a unique style of introducing a very complicated content in an easy way. The hands on coding exercise were very helpful.
I would like to thank the organizers of this course for all the effort in making a clear and rich material. I have learned way more than expected! Great job and thank you!
The course is really good. It makes your fundamental very strong. The programming exercises are well designed. We can learn how to design the API for our ML projects also.
The course has been prepared exceptionally. With a minimal amount of prerequisite, anyone can learn one of the most complicated field of Mathematics and Computer Science.
It was a really amazing course. I have gained a lot of useful information on the basics that we usually skip when we are trying to learn something new. Thank you so much!
The course i have learned was very interesting and i have learned the basics of deep learning and i am able to apply those bacics in order to form a simple neural network
Great course! videos are really interesting but programing examples are even better, very well guided learning. There are no tricks if you study the material you'll pass.
It was  a wonderful course to understand and learn the basics of deep neural networks. The hands on programming assignments really helps us to get a better understanding.
Excellent course, the lecture videos were easy to follow and the programming assignments were priceless. Thank you Professor Andrew Ng and Coursera for arranging this. :)
An excellent course. The difficult concepts were formulated and communicated in highly understandable way. The delivery of ideas from the instructor are highly efficient.
This was my first course in the field of Deep Learning. I think it's a pretty awesome course for a beginner like me. The way the assignments are designed is just awesome.
This course is very helpful. It's a very good start for learning Neural Networks and Deep Learning. Easy to understand and follow. The instructor makes things very clear.
The course is very well structured. The combination of video lectures combined with programming exercises is the best way to learn the low level details of deep networks.
Perfect starting course for the basics of deep learning. You do need to know some linear algebra and calculus and python to do this course quickly, but it isn't too hard.
This course gives us a good introduction to neural networks.also since it teaches us to build neural network from scratch it gives us a good understanding of neural nets.
it is very good course to start learning neural networks and it gives me a lot of skills such as logistic regression and numpy , build neural network  so i recommended it
Great Course to get a much deeper understanding of how neural networks work and the Math behind it. Recommend for people who are keen to learn how things work internally.
This is an amazing introduction to neural network, the programming assignment is awesome, I can say that I am able to build a neural network after complete the assignment
It is helpful for me to understand the basic idea of neural network. However, it is better to give us more difficult programming homework to impress us more thoughtfully.
Gave a clear cut explanation about what lies behind the computations of Neural Networks.The sequence of videos will give you clarity about the back-propagation algorithm.
Best course I ever took in Coursera!!!  The lectures are interesting and well prepared and assignments have clear objection and well commented! Everything is quite clear!
This course clarifies a lot of myths i had about neural networks. It is very intuitively explained, especially the explanation of neural networks via logistic regression.
Excellent course! I highly recommend it! Andrew Ng got me up to date on my linear algebra (the basics), and provided a fantastic and intuitive overview of the technology.
everything was really good ,but for me a good explanation of assignment on how it works(just to verify the content) after we finish completing it will make it even better
I downloaded the videos to my tablet, however when I finished these videos offline, the system showed me I am not finished. It is a big problem, other things was perfect.
Great course, Prof. Ng explains many intuitions, also these exercises are very helpful.And, I am really enjoy watching these interviews, many useful advices and thoughts.
The cousera　is　great, which is suitable for the beginner of machine learning.I can't wait to watch all the videos, Hope  i can do the great work like the Great forerunner
Quite happy with the maths described in the course. Great Introduction. Looking for more materials to study maths behind the forward propagation and backward propagation.
Andrew NG is always great. The course is structured very well - They're hard enough to be challenging (occasionally making you think for a day) but so hard that you quit.
Great!  Prof Andrew Ng was excellent in explaining the mathematical logic.  Being new to Python, it took me lot of effort to get even the simple syntax correct sometimes.
Brilliant way to get started on deep learning and especially understand backprop and gradient descent for deep networks in a very intuitive and natural way. Thanks a lot!
This course is fantastic and programming assignments were easy (if you get stuck just look in the forum) even for somebody like me who has no experience coding in python.
There is not much (if any) new material or theory beyond the Stanford course, but I found the python implementations much simpler and more useful than the Matlab versions
This courses is a great course on Deep Learning. You will learn many technique such as vectorization to make data go faster in learning process instead of using for loop.
This course is a must for anyone who want to understand and develop a career in neural networks. Back propagation algorithm is explained in very simple and effective way.
Very good explanations especially for the derivative intuition and chain rules explanations which makes my life easy in understanding back propagation. Thank you so much.
Very thorough and easy to understand.  Although some of the material seems redundant, it is slightly different and necessary to understand how to implement deep learning.
Very well organized course materials.  Assignments are provided with appropriate support (instructions and test cases).  Some quiz questions could be worded more clearly.
The Vectorization part is quite unique to this course .. clears a lot of confusion and encourages us to think with that mindset elsewhere even during the implementation .
The Course is amazing. I have learned new skill Which will help me in my carrier Inshallah. the Instructor is so nice and really worked for this. I personally thank him.
Gives you a solid theoretical understanding of how a neural network functions. In addition, makes you build your own neural network model from scratch. Fantastic course.
Very good first steps toward deep learning.  Took me four times to go over the materials to understand the concept.  Need to go back this materials for further learning.
Andrew Ng does a fantastic job honing in and getting granular on how the math works behind neural networks and deep learning. This has fast tracked more than I imagined.
It is a wonderful course! It helps me have a general idea about neural networks and deep learning. Through each week's assignment, I am a bit familiar with some details.
Great instructor and carefully designed programming exercise with a clear workflow of implementation. Learnt the essence of basic concept of neural network from scratch.
This course is really amazing, it helps me build up a fundamental understanding of neural network and deep learning. Thank Andrew, his colleagues and Coursera very much!
Thank you coursera for providing me an opportunity to learn by Andrew NG Sir . I'm glad that I learn one of the latest Technology and successfully completed this course.
Now have deeper and crystal clear understanding of neural network. Now it doesn't seem like mystical black box rather a mathematics marvel. Thank you, Andrew Ng and team
Andrew is as projecting his knowledge in a very comprehensible fashion. The excercises are great and I like the interviews that links to the real world of deep learning.
Very well structured course. My request to provide the complete python code of all the 4 weeks so that I can hone my python skills. Outstanding explanation by Andrew Ng.
This first course really reminds me a lot of the basic of ML, the first course and the material from the ML course are really great for who wants to start learning ML/AI
If love coding algorithm from scratch, this is for you. Understand how neural network works and make it from scratch. Partial derivatives are important before you start.
Excellent course. A mus for those who want to have a serious introduction to deep learning. For people with intermediate levels in python programming and linear algebra.
Nicely presented lectures, even for super beginners (me) it was understandable. And I liked the way jupyter notebook, all the assignments and grading worked - very cool!
Awesome course, great explanation of very complex material. Teaches in a way that will meet the needs of people with a wide variety of backgrounds and experience levels.
There is a bug in your system because of which I was charged incorrectly but nobody is ready to listen this. Coursera should not cheat people of their hard earned money.
Very organized and logical presentation; graded HW was almost too structured--little space for creativity. But it allowed my confidence to grow as each HW was completed.
A  very good and fun introductory course on Deep Learning (Deep Neural Networks ;) ). Assignments were easy to do, however, course work hours were a bit under estimated.
It was amazing adventure into Deep Learning. Thank you Andrew for amazing content, good explanation and cool exercises! I'm gonna definitely keep learning deep learning.
Prof Ng has made the course easy to follow, without dumbing down the mathematical framework. Doing this is not easy, which is why I will recommend this course to others.
One of the best courses I've seen on Coursera. The instructions are clear and the exercises are extremely useful in building a deep understanding of the course material.
Thank you So much Sir Andrew, this was really helpful and educational. The concepts were crystal clear and i was able to solve the assignments without much difficulties.
Very interesting course.  If you don't know python don't try to take this class. I suggest taking a python course before taking this class. Otherwise the programming hom
Lots of good technical details and useful practical tips. Not extremely difficult if approached with prior knowledge of Linear Algebra, derivatives and Machine Learning.
A perfect course for who are trying to start in the deep learning and neural network world, you will be able to create a NN from scratch and that's fucking awesome dude
Course has covered most of the concepts from scratch and gives you step by step guidance for programming.Because of this got an insight to work on Deep Neural Networks.
Very impressive how Professor Andrew Ng  can explain complex topic so clearly. Assignments were too easy because answers were practically given, but are great learning.
I really appreciate the efforts of the deeplearning.ai team!! The specialization of this course gave me inside and outside insights regarding Neural Networks Algorithm.
Great course to start of with the basics of Deep Learning and implement a custom made neural network from the ground up to know the different aspects of it. Loved it :)
I found this course very helpful since it gave me deep intuition about deep learning. especially the assignments are very modular and clear to understand. thanks a lot!
Worthful and Wonderful deep learning course I've ever seen. It will help you learn very strong knowledge and implementation skill about deep learning. Highly recommend!
Great course with the perfect mix of theory and practical coding. Would recommend this course to everyone that wants to start building their first (own) neural network.
Very concise and yet informative course! I recommend this for beginners in neural networks, since it really helps to understand the main ideas behind the deep learning.
Absolutely amazing introduction and implementation course using Python to understand Machine Learning and the related concepts around Deep Learning and Neural Networks.
It was a great experience learning from a top teacher. Perfectly explained. This first course was easy to follow. Thank you for all the effort to make this course great
Background information helps to understand models, how to create and organize them. It also provides useful information on hyper parameters and key areas for tuning NN.
The didactics and concern of Andrew Ng in making it a complex subject in something accessible and easy to understand is impressive and admiring!The course is excellent!
This whole specialization is incredibly good.  I understanding of ANNs is much better after this series than it was after graduate-level coursework on machine learning.
A very good lesson for deep learning beginners. Andrew's lecture is easy to understand, and the quiz and programming assignments cover basic knowledge of deep learning.
Super good course, I already had a pretty good basic understanding of deep learning before I started the course but I now I know how to read math and turn it into code.
Extraordinary course. Very well explained and the programming exercises are very precise and useful to learn the correct implementation of the techniques seen in class.
Very nice introduction to the deep learning. Gives enough theory and math to understand how the whole process of training works and being able to create your own model.
Good intro for neural networks and deep learning. Really good instructor with clear voice. The logic of the course materials really helps me to understand the concepts.
Excellent and intuitive introduction to L-layer neural nets and their applications.The assignments were decided to design and program neural nets efficiently.Brilliant!
Focus on explaining the fundamentals made this course better than many other I tried before.  I am very thankful to Coursera, Andrew Ng and team to provide this course.
Very good course for deep neural networks. The basic knowledge of neural networks and programming exercise are very useful. I really enjoy this online learning program.
The concise descriptions of the lecturer helped me understand the concepts very easily. I am also able to appreciate the value of vectorization in computing. Thanks!!!
I have never enjoyed any course like this so far in my life. The modularisation of the assignments is so well planned that even a layman could understand the concepts.
Great course with easy pickups, especially for someone with prior python knowledge. A bit more mathematical details will be better, but all in all it is a nice course.
The course is great but in week 4 have a problem at grade that you need to change Grade function to same function at the def so after that you can grade your assetment
One of the best courses I have done during my engineering studies. It helped me to understand theoretically and practically. Indeed it is very helpful and informative.
One of the special features of this course is that it teaches you some complicated concepts in a very simple way. I learned a lot in a short period of time. Thank you.
Got in-depth intuition about how Neural Networks work and their architechure. It was good to learn the vectorized implementations. Discussion forums were very helpful.
good method of teaching specially assignments(good thing of assignments is  focus on the point   which is taught, not over burden the student to develop from scratch).
NIce to get a course with actual algorithm aproaches. Everything on the internet is based on pre-made libraries and I don't like assuming knowledge. Andrew is my hero.
This course creates good understanding of Neural Networks starting with basics. I recommend this course for students who want to learn deep learning. Thanks Andrew Ng.
A thoughtful and incremental introduction to Deep Learning with lots of opportunity to undertake practical coding and quizzes which help to reinforcement the material.
One of the best courses available on Coursera . Starts from scratch ,  no matter what educational background a person has , it'll be possible for him/her to catch up .
This course stands out in the sense that it is beginner friendly, will not wear out the courage of learners, and focuses on the core concept disregarding trivialities.
Wonderful course, Dr. Andrew Ng is really a great professor. Not only covered all the technical details, but also focused on intuition. Very friendly to the beginners.
Great course!Writing NNets from scratch and paying attention to dimensions is crucial thing which other courses starve. Andrew NG, as always, is a synonim for quality.
The course is easy to understand and the programming of the course is excellent. I think the need for improvement is that the rationality of knowledge may be improved.
The course is was very useful for getting started with the neural networks and understanding the neural networks and understanding the basic concepts of deep learning.
Thank you Professor Andrew and Coursera Team. I was struggling with matrix dimensions. This course clarified my doubts. I have now better intuitions on neural network.
It's an amazing course, which provides all necessary  concepts and intution to start learning neural networks. I thank Mr. Andrew Ng for making such an amazing course.
One of the very important course in data science taught by one of the best professor in the field. Learnt a lot. Its a debt I couldn't ever pay.Thank you Prof. Andrew.
Lucid exposition, and highly directed learning. Immediately usable content, and Andrew Ng being his usual high-calibre, friendly professorial self. A brilliant course.
Well-designed course for beginner. I would recommend all people who don't have deep math foundation yet want to get an insight of machine learning to take this course!
Trust me you wont be afraid of neural networks after completing this course. It is guaranteed that you will surely learn something new :) Thanks professor Andrew Ng :)
Great class! You learn about the basic structure of a deep learning algorithm and how to implement one in the Python Programming language. Andrew is a great professor!
This is a great course for anyone who wants to learn Deep Neural Networks and become an expert at it. Thank you for doing this Andrew. The interviews are really great!
Andrew Ng and Deeplearning.ai teach a stellar course. the programming assignments are really valuable and the interview with the "superstars" were 100% worth watching.
I have internalized basic deep learning concepts in 4 weeks! It blows my mind that using some calculus and linear algebra we can recognize photos with decent accuracy.
I am super excited about next course after this course. there is a very great teaching style i have seen. great course. i have studied lot of new things. thank you!!!
Thanks a lot to Andrew NG for his great explanation and simplifying these complex issues which anybody with basic knowledge of calculus and python can enjoy and learn
The course material and coursework was really good. The math behind NN is a really important piece that needs to be understood and this course helped me achieve that!
its a great course for deep learning enthusiast to start with basics of model designing with lot of mathematical explanations and hands on practical coding assignment
What an amazing course. The exercises are not very difficult but not very easy also. They make sure you understand the basics of the concepts and eventually go higher
one of the best online course in deep learning, it gives you the intuition behind everything that you learn during this course which makes it interesting and exciting
This was a very practical intro to deep learning while still diving into the depths of dense neural networks, activation functions, the backpropagation algorithm etc.
Andrew has explained in detail the deep learning algorithm and make it easy to understand. The coding exercise is good to allow me understand well deep learning algo.
Learned about Neural Networks from the absolute scratch and it was amazing. I would recommend taking this course only if you had completed machine learning elsewhere.
This course really helped me to give a kickstart in understanding neural networks and deep learning and the best part of learning was to learn with jupyter notebooks.
I started this course after completing machine learning from Stanford and since then I got interested in deep learning. Hope to complete deep learning specialization.
not very difficult materials, elegantly taught through a clear logical thread, i understand everything taught in this class (except a few minor mistakes in the slide)
Very good explanations, I'm taking the Deep Learning course at Tsinghua University at the same time and this course is helping me to understand what I don't at class.
Good first insights into the Deep learning world. Structure of the course provides gradual scaled up and hands on approach to learning. Totally worth to take it up !!
This course covers comprehensive details on NN and DL with excellent quizzes and intensive hard coding programming exercises. It was full of fun and deep learning. :)
A very well-designed introduction! The content spirals, so throughout the class you reinforce the same contents until they are quite understandable. Excellent course.
the programming assignments are well prepared and give you good understanding of how the thing really works. Also it doesn't require much effort and easily understood
This I s a great starting course on deep learning , ANdrew has helped the learner by structuring the course so nicely. this is so far the best course I have ever seen
Solid, methodical explanation of approach. Enough focus on practical examples and actual coding to make it easy to build on this introduction for actual applications.
The lessons are at the same time very detailed and wonderfully taught, the examples are clear and the quizzes/programming assignments adequate in terms of difficulty.
Best MOOC I have ever done! Such rich content. Challenging material. Great instructor. Good solid foundation for further courses in Neural Networks and Deep Learning.
Excellent course on Deep Learning basics. Andrew makes it easy to understand even if there's some maths involved.Programming exercises could have been more difficult.
I like the way you are training students/scholars/researchers and the tolls you are using like Step-by-Step learning using Notebooks. Assignments, discussion forums.
The low-level knowledge of how neural networks work has been very useful in understanding more complex examples. The ground-up approach taken by the course is novel.
Excellent course for beginners in the subject. I personally enjoyed doing the programming assignments of python which were really well made to enhance understanding.
Andrew Ng makes things very easy to understand! The course gives a decent overview of the neural network and practical coding home works helps to clear fundamentals.
This is a great practical introduction to deep learning. You will learn how deep learning algorithms work and you will learn how to build them in Python using Numpy.
Andrew Ng's style is so compelling and very easy to follow. The concepts explained in the course are structured in such a way that learning is a natural consequence.
You will understand the deep neural networks conceptually and implement those from scratch so that will understand the concepts more clear and don't have to remember
It's an extremely beneficial course for beginners. It clears the very basic concepts of deep learning and helps us to make our own deep learning models quite easily.
I would like to thank Andrew ng sir, he's inspiration to all of us (who wants to learn Machine Learning) and whole coursera team for providing such amazing material.
As all Ng materials, this course goes straight to the point with clear explanations and perfect assignments. Explaining the basics of the generation and usage of NNs
I found course 1 of this Andrew Ng's specialization easy to follow with assignments practical enough to allow for truly understanding the concepts taught in lecture.
excellent course, I fall in love with the way andrew teaches. This is a great introductory course in deep learning. I would recommend my friends to take this course.
Amazing course, Andrew NG is a wonderful educator. The interviews included at the end of every week are really inspirational. Be sure to practice all the assignments
Thanks Andrew Sir for such a deep dive learning experience, a must have course for individuals who wants to gain perfect basics of Neural Networks and Deep Learning.
Very detailed and  consistent course, very good for complete beginners but also provides insights regarding the math foundation.  Very informative and easy to learn.
The method of teaching step by step and explaining everything is just clear and perfect. The assignments are also of good level and test your knowledge and aptitude.
Very useful course even if you have some previous knowledge on machine learning. This course use a well designed notation to make the complicated calculation simple.
Excellent introduction to Deep Neural Networks! You do not need a background in Machine learning if you basic undergraduate knowledge in Calculus and Linear Algebra.
Love it. Great foundations course for executives who want to be able to better interact with its data scientists and start to explore uses of ML in their businesses.
great introduction to neural networks!! i appreciated the helper modules in the programming assignments to get the point across, didn't have to do much heavy lifting
Perfect course for a beginner in Deep Learning.One who already has hands-on in DL might find it basic. Still, I would recommend as it  helps in refreshing DL basics.
Great intro level course to deep learning. Concepts are explained well with ample additional reading material. Congrats to Andrew and the team, the quality is great.
I really love how Professor Andrew Ng designed this course. He explained every single details very carefully, so it is very easy to follow and understand. Thank you!
Amazing course. As expected from Andrew and his team. The course provides a great balance between theory and practice, and the assignments are beautifully designed.
At the beginning I knew nothing about neural networks.  With the systematic and proper lectures I got a clear understanding about neural networks and deep learning.
Excellent balance between the fundamental math/theory of neural networks and practical application. Jupyter notebooks make completing the exercises very convenient.
Thanks to Andrew Ng and staff for helping me to build intuition on what deep learning is and inherent methods like feed forward, backward prop and gradient descent.
The assessment part is something which needs a little work in terms of proper grading and less ambiguity w.r.t outputs. Other than that, this is a fantastic course!
I would say, you can benefits most from taking this Specialization. Thanks for, Its best community in the world to spread the knowledge free of cost.Thanks Coursera
It was great to attend classes and learned much about the core concept and for the first time I got the best intuition about differentiation, Thanks for this course
Perfect course if your new to machine learning with no deep mathematical background. If you already work with neural networks, you should finish this in a day or 2.
It can be sound weird but I regularly get up 2 hours earlier now to study/follow this Specialization before work. No class excited and inspired me that much before!
Excellent! gave me a to the point explanation of the basic terms of neural networks and got me introduced to this field. I can't wait to enroll in the next courses!
This course was really helpful I never thought that I could build a model from scratch. Completing this course gave me a lot of insights about how everything works.
It was a really good course. I should have done many years ago, but still its never too late. It is motivating me to keep learning. Thank you, Coursera and Andre Ng
Great online course, much recommended. The assignments might be more difficult and challenging, that would lead to a better perception of the underlying principles.
I must say, I am quite amazed from the material of this course. I believe this is a great course that every Neural Network enthusiast must take. Thank You Coursera.
This course gives a better clarity of mathematics behind Neural nets and the programming assignments are very good, upto the mark.Thanks for creating such contents.
An excellent start to someone who want to master in deep learning. The intuitions provided are very much useful to answer the basic questions of "What, Why and How"
Such a brillient DL course！！！ especially the forward porpagation and back porpagation part, the deduction by Andrew makes this part clear and easily understandable.
L-layered Neural Network Programming in Python is endearing. Will be working further on it to get an in-depth understanding of things I've learned from this course.
I used this course to review basic neural network concepts and came away with a better and clearer understanding of the material that I thought I knew well already.
Great Course.  The math was clearly laid out and understandable.  Also, the assignments were very well structured to help my knowledge and abilities grow step-wise.
It's a very great course for juniors eng to join in field of neural networks and deep learning. I really appreciate all of you on this course and also the COURSERA!
It is a great course which gives a very good and clear introduction to the neural networks. It helps understand exactly how the neural networks work and are trained
Andrew did his best to simplify a very complex topic. Still a difficult subject, and it is still a challenge even for folks with programming and calculus experience
provides really good start to enter deep learning field, better if you have already ML course from Andrew Ng but without it you can still follow the course material
Tough final exercise, but well worth the effort. If you don't get it right the first time you can end up doing hours of tedious debugging. Just in real life ... ;-/
Excellent coverage of the basics required to understand how NN's work.  Be warned, there's lots of (useful) details to remember.  Consider using an actual notebook.
This is an extraordinarily well-designed and well-organized course. You will understand neural networks and how to code supervised machine learning python programs.
Andrew does a great job explaining the concepts and the programming exercises are excellent at giving you practice at practical programming in Deep Neural Networks.
The lectures are easy to understand and full of well explained examples. The practical exercises are very clarifying and helps a lot to understand the key concepts.
very good, provides reasonable overview about basics of NN, the assignmets allow to gain better understanding and some level of skill in implementing and using NNs.
It was a great course. It not only gave me high level understanding of how neural networks work, but also understanding of low level intricacies and implementation.
Another fantastic course from Andrew. All material super clearly and logically explained. Assignments very well prepared, absolutely no hiccups. Highly recommended!
Great introduction to deep learning, several intuitions, and its implementation in python! The interviews are very inspiring and useful for early stage researchers!
This is the best course I have taken in Deep Learning. Excellent presentation from the instructor accompanied by a real life hands on programming. Thank you Andrew
It's so great for starting Deep Learning. I was familiar with Neural Network (NN) in Matlab, but I could say learn NN now! Because the details were well explained.
Very intuitive course. The concepts were beautifully explained. However some background of calculus and vector algebra can help in getting most out of this course.
Great course really helps understand how the Neural Networks work from the inside, this is basic knowledge that everyone dealing with Neural Networks should posses
I liked Andrew's lectures a lot. Also liked the quizzes. The assignments were great, but felt just a little spoon-fed though. Still, a great course. Worth 5 stars.
I had learnt the neural networks but this course has made me understand the basic small implementation details of deep learning and intuition behind how they work.
I understood all that he taught but still i am unable to develop the intuition of the working of L layer neural network. Unable to understand why they work so well
I've learn many things,even i'm not really understand about the derivative,but it help me to get the big picture on how the NN works,happy learning,just enroll it.
Its a very detailed course for all Deep Learning aspirants. It clears all basics from scratch. I will recommend every data science pursuing students/professionals.
Learnt many things such image classification.sigmoid function. Mostly it will help me to Classification of images by using L-Layer Neural Network. Very nice course
Amazing course for Deep Learning. The mathematical concepts behind the working of neural networks are effectively explained and assignments are crisp and thorough.
The course was very well organized and easy to follow. The instructor was clear with the explanations and visuals. The assignments were good and nicely guided too.
The structure of the course was really amazing and the way the final assignment was framed was really good and I am looking forward in completing the other courses
All concepts were explained well, overall a very thorough introduction and hands-on guide for the development of neural network and deep neural network algorithms.
This is one of the best courses I have ever done. Great instructor, easy to understand language, and practical implementation of knowledge earned all at one place.
Exceptional course.Andrew NG has taught the theoretical part (including the whole calculus, Linear Algebra) very good.The programming assignments were really good.
Amazing class! Took a little bit to re-wrap my head around some of the Linear Algebra concepts, but incredibly well explained and taught. Highly, highly recommend!
Great course for people who wants to introduce themselves to deep learning. I would suggest reviewing some linear algebra and calculus prior to taking this course.
This is a great start to Artificial Neural Networks. It involves a little bit of math and helps you get the fundamentals right to proceed to more advanced courses.
A big thank you to Andrew Ng as well as Kian Katanforoosh & Younes Bensouda Mourri for putting together an insightful and easy to digest course on neural networks!
Very well organized lectures and homework assignments. Homework is easy if you have programming experience. Wish there was more problem sets to practice more math.
Really nice introduction to NN and DL. I missed some extra material to read, but the videos and exercises were pretty good. And the interviews are an awesome idea!
Awesome course! Just realized here that the programming of neural networks are already much easier than in the early 2000s due to the availability of OSS libraries
Awesome course! Dr. Ng really familiarized me with the basic algorithms behind Deep Learning. Can't wait to keep on going through the Deep Learning specialization.
Andrew Ng is so great a mentor that he helps me understand many seemingly complicated concepts and mathematical manipulations in deep learning through an easy way.
Amazing lectures! Very well understandable! I was able to understand everything, even if that was not the case before the course! I could only recommend this spec!
This is a awesome course that greatly simplifies and explains the concept of Deep Learning and Neural Networks. I recommend it to anyone interested in the subject.
Great course, learned more than i expected.Wish to learn more about applications in the industry, maybe introduce a little bit of real cases and provide some links
This course helped me visualize the inner working and math behind Neural Network. I would definitely recommend this course to get the intuition of Neural Networks.
The course provided a very good basic background of Linear regression, deep learning and neural networks. I am motivated to finish the remaining 4 courses as well.
Excellent course with correct programming exercises. Plan to do all Week 3 and Week 4 exercises inclusive of coding own utility functions. Enrolling second course.
I am very happy after watching all the lectures and also understand the basic concepts while programming. This is a worthy course for acquiring the deep knowledge.
Really good introduction ! After having followed the Machine Learning introduction however few things looked like déjà-vu but it was not useless to learn them back
Very good and very useful! This course helped me to improve my understanding of neural networks and improve knowledge and organize materials in my mind. Thank you!
Great course as usual! Clear and friendly to all public. It helps you to build your intuition, which I think is very important in all subjects. Highly recommanded!
Good introduction to concepts of deep learning. Quizzes are helpful, and coding assignments give thorough instructions and set you up for well-decomposed programs.
One of the best courses I have ever done. The videos are very nicely made and the programming assignment cover all the concepts covered in the lessons beautifully.
It is the best class to take you have basic machine learning knowledge and python programming experience. It is especially good for those who have a full-time job.
Very detail derivations and directly explain many concerns I have about deep learning. A excellent part is the programming tips to develop deep learning algorithms
very detailed materials and lectures are easy to understood. I would recommend study with the cs230 from Stanford which is the more advanced version of this course
very good course. the programming assignment is actually teaching me how to do the programming, not only focusing on grading my result. excellent lecturer, thanks!
I really enjoyed how simple the explanations were and the programming assignments helped me understand the material better. Really helpful for any interviews also.
Terrific course! Andrew Ng is a great lecturer, making concepts clear and concise. The notation in this course is also vastly improved over the original ML course.
It is an excellent course for start with neural networks and deep learning. And it also helps better understand machine learning concepts like logistic regression.
A nice hands-on introduction to neural networks and first steps into deep learning. I liked that very much and look forward to what comes in the subsequent course.
I went from having a good theoretical intuition about how deep networks should work to direct knowledge about how to implement one.  Amazing class, thank you!!  :)
A great introduction to deep learning, I would have liked more mathematics involved, but I understand why it was necessary to cut back on math. Highly recommended!
Phenomenal course by Professor Andrew Ng. The concepts are throughly explained and the assignments are extremely engaging. Thanks for offering this specialization!
I would like to thanks Andrew and all people involved in this course for all the effort they put in this course.  I have learned a lot  and had great time as well.
I am not new to deep learning. I have done it without knowing the inner details well. I felt confused what to do if my model failed. This course is an eye opener.
Wonderful course. Thanks to all Coursera team and deeplearning.ai staff. Very grateful of your well done job and for giving this opportunity to worldwide students
Very comprehensive and informative introduction to deep learning. Everything is step-by-step and clear, from the math to the explanations and the coding examples.
It is an amazing experience to be able to follow Andrew to get a comprehensive understanding on deep nn network  and implement the fp and bp yourself with python.
This course has great content and i prefer every cs engineer if they are looking for neural network and deep learning course ,the this is the best course for it .
I loved this course, the math background is perfect to truly understand what is going on behind those simple lines of code used to train and test neural networks.
Very nice course! Comprehensible and didactically well structured. I really enjoyed watching the videos and passing the assignments as a nice after-work activity!
Explains the basic concepts of Deep Learning and the use of Matrices within it very well. Concept of Forward Propagation, Backpropagation and Cost are made clear.
All the basic concepts have been explained in very simple way.Thank you for making such a great course. Assignments are very important to strengthen the learning.
Very well done class. It was a great way to get started in deep learning. This class does a good job of introducing neural networks and the intuition behind them.
The videos and programming exercises are both delivered in super clear logic, which makes them incredibly easy to follow and has been keeping me really motivated.
I am thankful to Coursera for providing this costly course to me free and It was a great experience to learn new things and it helped me a lot. Thankyou Coursera.
Great instructor and just the right amount of challenge to keep it interesting. Would definitely recommend to anyone looking to get their toes into deep learning.
This course is wonderful. Really you don't need much mathematical background. Andrew teaches everything very nicely. The programming excercises are very detailed.
Andrew's course is always so intuitive and clear. I am so impressed at how the notebook is structured, as long as you spend time, you would never fail the course!
I really appreciate this opportunity to attend this course. I love the style of professor Andrew Ng very much. I will continue to learn more. Thank you very much!
You really need to have a background in linear algebra and analysis in order to fully enjoy the course. Otherwise, you are just applying formula without thinking.
The course enabled me to understand how neural networks work in a highly practical way. The concepts are explained very well and reinforced throughout the course.
Excellent refresher course for neural network. Suits better to the persons like me who already know some stuffs of Machine Learning. Assignments are easy but big.
This is an excellent course to learn neural networks from basics. Prof Andrew Ng nailed the concepts very well. The programming assignments gives a good practice.
This course is wonderful! But I think the coding assignment is too simple. More content should be assigned to students instead of being completed before we do it.
It was the best online course on machine learning. Loved the way it carries forward the knowledge transfer along with examples and assignments on real-world data.
very basic but high quality course. this course are suitable for those very beginners.concepts are explained in a very detailed way.homework is a little bit easy.
Excellent material. It builds up the knowledge both from theoretical and practical aspect incrementally. Good explanations and very useful programming assignments
Very well structured! Cover a portion of the subject of the previous Machine Learning class, but in much greater details. It was an enjoyable learning experience.
Very good course and very in detail computations of deep and shallow neural network, i really love the work of Andrew Ng and follow him. This is a great addition.
This is a good looking-back course if you have learning the "Machine learning" course (by Andrew Ng) before. Very glad that we can learn it with Python this time!
Great course. Wish it add more tensorflow knowledge to it. Since engineer is unlike to write deep-learning framework from scratch in the real world applications.
Very helpful course. I already had some experience with neural networks and python, but this course helped put things in order, both technically and intuitively.
It was a great journey for me to learn the basics of deep learning. Now I am highly motivated to go upward for getting advanced intuition of deep neural network.
Much better than machine learning course in terms of clarity and implementation of code.Also,python seems better to implement than matlab exercises in ML course.
Course is structured well. And assignments are structured in a smooth way. Any newbie can do this course as each topic is explained well and very well structured
Haven't seen such a precise course. Whenever I thought something was missing Andrew Sir Would explain that thing just next. Perfect course by a perfect mentor!!!
Great teaching flow and nice environment of forum for discussion and learning.Adding a motivation to end of each week as optional (If I may make them mandatory )
Great mixture of course instruction/videos, assignments, and quizzes.  Provided sufficient direction for programming assignments (which is really, really nice!).
Course by Prof.Andrew Ng and the field of neural networks is really intersting.It seems that mathematical concepts/intuitions are really important on this field.
That's an amazing course for Neural Networks and Deep Learning. It's almost a perfect course to start but I wish it will be better if Lecture notes are provided.
This Course is must for Everyone who wants to learn Deep Learning as it covers the programming as well as Mathematics behind who Deep Learning actually operates.
It is great experience by learning online. I can proudly say that I utilizing this corona period of time by learning some useful thing which help me in my future
Excellent course to strengthen your concepts   and  "under the hood"  working of logistic regressoin and  deep neural networks. Thanks to Andrew Ng and Coursera.
This course unlike other courses avoids the use of Tensorflow / Pytorch to build a strong base for deep learning. Andrew is just an amazing teacher in every way.
This is an excellent course for anyone looking to gain a stronghold in deeplearning. Professor Andrew NG make learning this course a fun and engaging experience.
Great introduction to Neural Network, Andrew and the team are amazing and provide meaningful explanations as long as practical exercises. Strongly recommend it !
Great Lectures and being advanced in calculus and linear algebra, it was very easy but for beginners it is a really good course.one can learn without any prereqs
Very informative and good course teaching deep and basic concepts with ease. Can implement neural networks in any language if we remember basic steps taught here
It covered all the basic you need to get started with Neural Network and Deep learning. Explanations for all the topic was fabulous. Overall it was a fun course.
If you want to get hold of your basics this is the go to course. There is no other course that can give you such intuitions and understanding of Deep Neural Nets
This course is designed perfectly for people with no machine learning background. The instructions are clear in the jupyter notebooks and can easily be followed.
The math behind all of the topics covered were actually not that difficult to follow up. Programming assignments were pretty easy and jupyter interface was good.
The course is brilliant! Andrew is teaching complicated things in easy way. Programming assignments are always clear and be able to be done without any headache!
As  i am a big fan of Andrew,in this course  also Andrew did perfectly explain the theory and the practical codes. I'm very much confidant on neural network now.
It's my honor to learn from the legend of AI. I thought I knew Deep Learning but this course helps me a lot covering the lack of my knowledge. Thank you so much!
The course starts from the basics of logistic regression and guides the student through shallow and deep neural networks with excellent hands on coding exercises
Great mix of theory and practice in neural networks. Andrew Ng is engaging and exciting as always as he presents intuitions into the math behind neural networks.
Very good course for people who are beginning to learn about ANN and DNN. Explains Backpropagation in very easy words. Thanks to Dr Andrew Ng for these contents.
It explain neural network from the start. After doing all the 5 courses on deeplearning, it is hard to remember details. But every one should follow this course.
Excellent delivery of material. The way how the instructor does the math and simplifications from his perspective was awesome. Loved the week 4 material the most
It was one of the most amazing course. I learned a lot through this course. Thank you so much to deeplearning.ai team and specially to Andrew Ng for this course.
It's a great course. My sincere thanks to Professor Andrew Ng. I still wonder how the Professor has such patience to explain each and every bit of concept to us.
Simplifies endlessly. Which dumbs it down a bit, but it is really convenient not to get stuck with unfamiliar concepts and just focus on neural network concepts.
I wish I had done this 5 years ago! Well, this course was not available back then! But it is still a great course to refresh your understanding of Deep Learning.
It was a great learning experience especially with the presence of Andrew Ng himself teaching more depth of Neural networks. Hope to learn and experiment more :)
The most engaging teacher in my experience of on-line courses. Andrew's patient explanations and tips certainly worked for me. Loved using the Jupyter notebooks.
I loved this course especially given the examples in Python plus Andrew Ng who teaches deep learning concepts in a simple but effective way. Great course for me.
excellent content, instructor should improve voice quality since his sounds convoluted. Great exercises. Very well thought out course. Perfect difficulty level.
Andrew ng is a special person and knows how to teach difficult conceptual topics easily. This course is recommended for beginners in the field of deep learning.
I really enjoyed while learning the concepts and working on the assingnment. I assignments helped me a lot to work on my programing skills too.Thanks coursera..
I enjoyed and learned Neural networks basics and implementation of Deep L-Layer Neural Networks. The assignments guided me through to understand a topic better,
Hopefully this was a great course... happy to learn here... feeling glad myself to stuffed by this course... i ll keep learning here....good job...and thank you
Andrew Ng is an inspiring teacher and his way of teaching can catch the attention of even the student who is no where close to taking interest in deep learning.
It was a well organized course. The topics were easy to understand and it gives a firm grasp on the basics required to kick-start your journey in deep learning.
The course helped me to understand the neural networks and deep learning concepts clearly.The videos were excellent so that the concepts were easily understood.
It was very good experience to learn Neural Network and Deep Learning. Although it was also tough who is learning first time. Anyway Thank you for new learning.
Excellent course for my level of knowledge on the subject.  The teaching style suited me very well, this course gave me a lot of confidence and I'll keep going.
The course was very nice and the way the explanation goes was nice and there was a practical problem-solving question that was good with a better explanation...
Its amazing Journey again with Sir Andrew, it took me a long time to complete this course because of the COVID-19, But Thank God its Completed now Successfully.
It was a very well taught course. I was a bit scared to touch this topic but Andrew Sir taught very nicely and easily for us to understand. Thank you very much.
That was an intimidating experience. but it got easier over time. Remind yourself to logically think and when you are stuck it is okay to take a 15 minute break
Programing exercises are nice fit for students who wish to understand the flow of neural networks and deep learning. Great course for basic intro on the subject
Andrew made it look all the lectures very easy to follow (though they are in reality comlex). Assignments also helped me assert my understanding with real code.
A fantastic course overall. Teaching of Andrew Ng is pretty well and very detailed. This course will help anyone understand the basics of a Deep Neural Network.
I really liked the design and quality of the course. It is a step by step walkthrough both theory and practice, made me gain a strong deep learning "intuition".
Another fantastic course by Andrew Ng! All the concepts are made very easy to understand, and the programming assignments are incredibly convenient to complete.
I have been reading research paper with little understanding of the underlying technology and math this course broke it down to the fundamentals. It is amazing.
Although I was familiar with neural networks, this course really helped delve further into the topic. Would recommend to review linear algebra before jumping in
Course material is precise and direct, video lectures are clear to understand. Even an amateur in this field will get the hang of it after enrolling the course.
Great course for teaching the basics of Neural Networks and Deep Neural Networks! I feel that my understanding on how to build ANNs has vastly improved. Thanks!
Very helpful for me because I had very limited knowledge of NN. The lecturer keeps saying, "Don't worry about the equation.". It made me keep going. Thank you!!
Very well designed.!Very comprehensive!Assignments and quizzes are cool!Very helpful for people initiating work in deep learning!Thanks Dr Andrew Ng. and team !
This course is well explained and start with a very basic approach about neural networks and Python. It is a terrific course to start the path in Deep Learning!
I found the difficulty pacing of each week's assignment to be a bit uneven, but the overall progression felt just right and I learned a lot in these four weeks!
this course is very good for the ml enthusiasts who just finished their machine learning and want to specialize their skill in Deep Learning and neural networks
Absolute amazing the way you teach! Without all these courses I wouldn't know how to study this topic without paying plenty of money. I am so grateful to you!!!
Plenty of detail and explanations of not only how buy why various things work the way they do. Guest interview videos were fun and inspirational too. Excellent!
Very concise and good introduction to deep learning and valuable starting point. I really enjoyed this course.쉽게 잘 정리된 내용과 좋은 정보들로 구성된 코스 입니다. 정말 재미있는 시간 이었습니다.
Great content. The online notebooks are a bit finicky to use. Make sure you save regularly. If save fails then you should close your browser tab and open again.
Thanks Andrew and your team for providing this course. I have learned much from it and have more energy to jump into AI industry. I like this serial of classes!
This course not only teaches you NN and DNN but also teaches you writing python and once you understand the complexity of the theory it makes you a NN champion.
Great course, hands-on assignment help you get rid of the learning curve! though sometimes the math is really dry, you just need to stay focused and keep going!
Excellent course, giving a clear picture of the fundamental principles behind deep learning. Also includes enough practical elements to make the material stick.
Excellent review of neural net fundamentals.  Professor Ng has refined his algorithms and presented them in Python (I first encountered them as Matlab scripts.)
I knew a lot already from the Machine Learning course, but I'm glad there is an update now. Jupyter as environment for the programming assignments is great BTW.
This was a great course.  I love Andrew's style and thoroughness.  Extremely well put together.  Definitely a must for all those interested in machine learning.
This course is very fun and practical. I like the hands-on work professor Andrew Ng explained and we tried ourselves. The interviews are especially interesting.
A great introduction in neural nets! Looking forward to the continuation and can't wait to use the knowledge in practice. Best wishes and keep up the good work!
Andrew Ng is awesome, the way you speak, the curriculum constructed and soon . love that programming exercise in ipython notebook.Looking forward to next course
materials are more than enough. exercises were tough but most of the graded functions were explained more than a learner needs. it made the assignments easier.
I couldn't be more grateful for this course. Andrew Ng is exceptionally good at explaining the difficult concepts of DL and makes the subject fun and exciting.
An amazing course on neural networks and deep learning even for beginners it's a very good course. Each and every topic is being explained briefly and clearly.
I love this course. The instructor explains each step in a very clear way and I can implement the algorithms step by step with instructions. Feels pretty well!
Excellent course.  A little bit of a refresher if you've taken Andrew Ng's Machine Learning class, but the Python implementation makes it sincerely worthwhile.
I have some background in mathematics and python so it was very exciting to learn how NN actually works on a low level. Thank you very much for a great course.
This course helped me understand what all goes inside the neural networks. Especially the math part and the numpy implementation that makes it run much faster.
This course is amazing!!! Even the mathematical part is easy to understand. This course rescued my disastrous semester in my real life grad school, seriously!!
It's indeed a very well structured course. The buzz word "deep learning" appears no more buzzing now. It appears very simple now. Gained much confidence in it.
This course helps me to develop much deeper understanding in Deep Neural Network and gain practical skills like how to implement a Neural Network from scratch.
A concise course teaching to build deep neural networks from scratch without any special tools (besides NumPy). Really clarified a few important things for me!
Motivating series of videos with quality explanation, quizzes and hands-on assignments. Didactically well tuned. Voice, speed and modulation are very pleasant.
This course helped me in Understanding the architecture of Neural Networks and also gave hands- on experience to code functioning of Neural Network from basic.
Very well structured course. I particularly like how the assignments were in jupyter notebooks. The content was relevant and the course was explained very well
A lot of interesting and relevant details. Loved doing the programming assignments in Jupyter notebooks - gave me a good feel for how to implement neural nets.
the class is really easy to follow and modularize the code which give me a great framework to understand and remember the steps to build a deep neural networks
A solid course, it reinforced my knowledge of ML. I liked how Pr Ng breaks down each concept, to make them more digestable. The pace of the class was on point.
Pretty in depth and gave a good enough thorough understand. The way the assignments were structured was not too difficult and allowed it to be easy to pick up.
Amazing course. The best part is that the mathematical intuition is made solid by not allowing usage of deep learning libraries in the programming assignments.
Great course to get an understanding how neural networks work and are implemented.The only drawback is that I found a few  code "mistakes" in quiz assignments.
The lecture and assignments  help me to understand the concept of Deep Learning. Thank you Dr Andrew Ng for explaining deep learning in easy way to understand.
Brilliant! Andrew is not only a great scientist but an awesome teacher. I can literally start applying all that I have learnt to projects that I am working on.
Very good! This course will bring you to the edge of not so easy and not so hard. You'll find yourself enjoyably squeezing your brain power for multiple hours.
Clean mathematical explanation and easy to grasp for beginners. Best neural network course online!!Personal tip : Learn basics of python (just syntax will do).
Excellent first course on Deep Neural Network and a very good transition from the "Machine Learning" course from Andrew Ng that I took a couple months earlier.
The course content is amazing, it builds your knowledge from basic logistic regression to neural network. Assignments make sure that you write efficient code.
This course really provides clear explanation of the fundamentals of neural network, along with the coding practice to implement them in Python. Great course!
I plan to complete all 5 courses the first course was pretty basic if you have previous knowledge of the subject like you don't need to watch the videos even.
Thanks Sir.Andrew and coursera for giving me the opportunity to learn this course. I liked the content of this course and I enjoyed myself during this course.
Great introductory course. Heard a lot of terminology flying around at work related to this topic, and many things have now become clearer and more intuitive.
Best ever course for Neural Network Basics. Very well explained and proper intutition provided in each video. Well structured and assignments are really good.
the course contents are very good. the programming exercises help us think and enhance the concepts taught in this course. overall this is an excellent course
This was a very helpful and easy to understand course! Really appreciate the efforts of the team in putting this together so that beginners can understand it.
This course follows an outstanding to the point and easy to understand curriculum. If you are a true ML enthusiast and want to go ahead start with this course
Definitely a wonderful course. Providing all the details I need to know to implement a DNN, but helps to provide other utilities which saves me a lot of time.
It was one of the best course. It has given me boost to complete the remaining courses in deep learning specialization. Thank You coursera and deeplearning.ai
Exactly what I was looking for, This course helped me finally understand what exactly is happening under the hood in Deep learning and helped me implement it.
Nice course! Always enjoy Andrew's course. Very nicely and clearly elaborated. Putting neural network concepts into practice and seeing it do the work is fun!
Great course for introducing into neural networks and deep learning. Extremely detailed video lectures and easy to follow instructions during the whole course
The highlight of the course is the coverage of basic concepts. It motivate students to review these concepts and to understand the working of these algorithms
The notebooks are amazing. The teaching is simple and in depth. The instructor is top class. Overall this course is a must for every deep learning enthusiast.
Prof. Ng really explains everything clearly and it really helps me to understand the core concept of the deep learning as well as its mathematical foundation.
Fantastic course !! Please make it free. Add regular practice problems on weekly basis. Arrange competitions regularly on these kind of problems in this site.
Excelente introducion to Deep Learning Networks! Course is carefully well made! Its a privilege to be able to have a course like this available to me! Thanks!
This course was excellent in explaining the internal functioning of Neural Networks. I am looking forward to studying the other courses in the specialization.
Andrew's courses are very interesting and the experience is amazing, learning the theoretical aspects while practicing made me realize the completeness in it.
Superb course. It has all the important elements:-Hands on exercises (and with a very good milestone accomplishment guidance)-Theory well conveyed-Expert tips
Fantastic overview with just about the right amount of hand-holding to make it accessible.  The level of repetition is great to let concept gradually sink in.
Solid and accessible overview of deep learning. Calculus for non-calculus types is made highly accessible. Python examples are challenging but easy to follow.
Great course. Andre Ng style is fantastic and his approach and his intuitions into math gives you a great understing of what is happening. Highly recommended.
Excellent course. The material is super clear adn really good to practice. I think having some general idea on deep learning makes the experience even better.
Please Give me the option for rate this 10 starThe course is just awesome. Anyone can learn a complex subject like deep learning, Andrew Ng has just proved it
Great introduction and review for me.  Set up to learn the basics of NNs.  Programming assignments just hard enough and with suggestions/directions that help.
Really easy to follow. I particularly liked the intuition videos, such as questioning what each layer actually "sees" as your model processes the input data.
Andrew NG is an absolutely brilliant teacher,and learning machine learning and deep learning concepts from his course has been a really wonderful experience.
The course was exceptional. I learnt how to implement a very deep neural network from scratch.Way of explanation, were also much better.Thanks Andrew ng sir!
I have learnt a lot from this course. Andrew Ng have simplified the mathematics behind Neural Networks. Also the exercises related to numpy were very useful.
Amazing course on Neural Networks for beginners. Explaining theory first and then the programming assignments for applying that knowledge are simply awesome.
Andrew Ng is really a good teacher and practitioners. Enjoy and looking  forward to the next courses and books about NN. Great ideas are also coming along ..
All math formulations are well explained! Easy to follow, most important topics are covered, no need to look for extra material to understand the algorithms.
This course is the best course on internet... I loved this course. I learnt a lot. Thank you Coursera, DeepLearning.ai and Andrew Ng for this amazing course.
Mr.Andrew NG explains in a distinct way and perfectly simplifies ideas, and I want thank him so much,and appreciation for his effort. with my respect Alaa S.
this is a great course which explains in-depth the workings of a neural network , its highly useful for anyone looking to start a career in data science & AI
The entire course is explained in simple language and is easy to understand. I am completely new to deep learning and would definitely recommend this course.
It was a really interesting and easy course. Machine Learning/Data Science being called Electricity of the modern world have really made a mark in the start!
Lectures have been superbly planned. Time spent by key ideas conveyed is very optimal. Non-technical remarks were spot-on, added useful colour to the topics.
If you have no knowledge at all in AI and how things work, this is the best course to grab first. All you need is courage and a little bit of linear algebra.
Assignments could have been made more difficult and in depth coding sessions would be helpful. Also session on using plotting libraries in Python would help.
This is an awesome course! I would highly recommend it to anyone who's interested in DL. Andrew did very well in considering all the details for this course.
This course give me more confidence with deeplearning concepts and also help me to understand what is behind the forward and backward propagation algorithms.
Great introduction to neural networks. You need some basic math skills especially in calculus and linear algebra although it is possible to skip these parts.
Great Intro courser to get the intuition behind the workings of Neural Networks and Deep Learning. I am excited to do the next courses to see where I end up.
The course is a must for those who really want to understand how neural networks work. This is by far the best entry point for going deep with deep learning.
Very informative and well designed course. A must for all beginners or for someone who wants to go over the basics again. I like the programming assignments.
It extremely satisfies my needs. This course has taught me how a framework works and how we could develop a artificial neural network in Python by ourselves.
Remove the concerns of my ancient days of Calculus.  A kinder-gentle approach to Calculus.  Also the basics of implementation of Neural Nets/backpropagation.
I've dabbled in MOOCs before and this was the first one that I enjoyed from beginning to end. Great lectures, good lessons to reinforce the learning process.
Great course with implementation in Python which allows you to understand the structure of a deep learning network and how to use python for Machine Learning
Thanks Prof. Andrew for such an amazing course, learnt a lot. This course is must if you want to have strong foundation of deep learning and neural networks.
Great progression in the teaching, and great idea of providing a skeleton for the code an letting students fill-in the salient parts using Jupyter notebooks.
This course is perfect for a beginner like me who is  familiar with some concepts of machine learning. The assignments are very interesting and fun to work .
Has provided a basic understanding of nueral networks and deep learning without diving much of the mathematical details. This course is perfect for amateurs.
Andrew is a pretty good instructor to convey key points in quite clear expression. This course made me easy to understand why NN is a powerful model. Thanks.
Very good pace I really love it, I had some time that I couldn't study because of work but it gave me a couple of days to finish which make's it more awesome
Excellent short course on Neural Nets. Building 2 and L layer nets in a Python notebook using just NumPy helps develop a solid understanding of the material.
Wonderful course! Prof Ng has produced a great content and for people starting in the field, he has shown impressive example of implementing code modularity!
Great introduction to neural networks and deep learning. Covers all the key concepts and I found the interviews to be a very helpful supplement to add depth.
As usual it is difficult to get upset by Andrew Ng classes. I'd like a deeper math explanation even tough resources are offered . You will enjoy this course!
Very well explained :) I always was afraid of the math behind deep learning, but its really nice explained and often reviewed with the assignments.Great job!
The best part of this course is the simple and easy to learn technique with which I was able to implement a deep learning model of my own for the first time.
Great course with simple explanations and a lot of practical exercises. If you want to start your journey with neural networks, I would highly recommend it.
there are a lot of fundamental knowledge in this course. It help me built the whole neural network from the scratch using Numpy. Thanks Andrew and partners.
This is an amazing course. Thank you so much for the great lecturer and course materials! I hope to take other courses in this series and improve my skills.
This was a fantastic course! It was taught in a way that made it relatively easy to understand, and provided me with enough challenges to test my knowledge.
You can start this course from zero knowledge in Deep Learning and take fundamentals with you at the end of course. I enjoyed the teaching of Andrew NG Sir.
I cannot help Coursera enough for bridging the gap between top mentors and students worldwide. Exceptional course with in-depth analysis of neural networks.
By this course, my practical and theoretical concept cleared. This is the best course to know about the neural network, how it works, and other things also.
The course provides a detailed explanation of a deep neural network and provides hands-on experience on coding one step by step from scratch. Learned a lot!
This was my first course in Coursera and it is really very great course. Sir has thought each and every thing from very basic and had cleared every concept.
It's a wonderful course. Perfectly designed course lectures, quizzes and assignments makes it a must for each machine learning and deep learning enthusiast.
I was only vaguely familiar with much of the math heading into this course, and now feel like I have an intuitive grasp of how it works. Great intro course.
My first course in coursera.Really impressed by teaching style and organized teaching methodology.Programming assignment are very helpful to learn in depth.
Really interesting introductory course and illustrative examples. As usual, Andrew Ng makes it really simple to understand ML and Neural Networks. Congrats!
Andrew Ng's unique style of teaching made me explore deep learning with much more enthusiasm.  I am hooked to this specialization till I finish all of them.
The course is very well structured and explains the core concepts of the Neural Network. The content in the course is engaging and offers ample of learning.
It's wonderful that we have the opportunity to develop the neural networks from scratch. Andrew Ng did an excellent job making this seamless and bite-sized.
The Course is well thought and very well planned.Contents are very good and give more intuition to advance in my machine learning process and master in it..
The course work are excellent( projects and assignments).The videos doesn't start from zero knowledge in ML. It's better if you have little basics about ML.
I find this topic very exciting and interesting and I felt that the course did a great job explaining it in a real and practical way. Keep up the good work!
Great course, I can check if a picture is a cat or not so easy, the implementation was a kind of a lot of things but in the practice step by step was great.
It's great because I can build an artificial neural network to classify photos. I will have to practice more to get more experience with it. Thanks coursera
The course was really very intuitive about neural networks and their application. However I'm still confused with the formulas used in backward propagation.
An Excellent and a complete course on Neural Networks and Deep Learning. The math in this course is very interesting and the professor is awesome!Thank you!
I really loved this course. Course structure is well organized along with the programming assignment help us to gain much intuition of the theoretical part.
Its a great foundational course to head start deep learning in python. Covers everything and most notably its practical and applied rather than just theory.
Really great course.  Even if you have taken other courses for neural networks I still think you would get something out of it as I have.  Thanks Andrew Ng.
The course is awesome! The lectures, quizzes, and assignments are really good in helping me to get first understanding on neural networks and deep learning.
It was a very amazing course and the programming assignments added a lot to the theoretical knowledge. it was just an amazing experience learning andrew ng.
Brilliant. As usual, Prof. Ng is outstanding and teaches things from first principles that makes sure you are conceptually clear on whatever that is taught.
Well structured and explained. I had to learn Python as well, but I could manage both.Practical examples helped me to understand better how to apply theory.
This is my first course in machine learning. Professor Andrew is brilliant. The assignments were well structured and helpful in understanding core concepts.
better designed for those without prior neural network math ground.  programming assignment is also well crafted to balance the practice vs 'achievability'.
This is a nice introduction to Deep Learning. But you have to be good at Python and some of its libraries (mostly numpy) to finish the programming projects.
The Best deep learning course ever! consistent maths notations makes the material easy to follow and great knowledge checking exercises follows each course.
Very good for beginners who want to get into deep learning. Focus isnt only on programming Neural networks but also the mathematical derivations behind it.
Good course for beginner and for refresher. Contents are easy to understand and practice. It is recommended as prerequisite to complete the specialisation.
IT WAS A GREAT COURSE! I AM VERY THANKFUL. YOU SELDOM FIND COURSES THAT BELIEVE TO STRENGTHEN YOUR BASICS AND THIS WAS DEFINITELY ONE OF THEM . THANKYOU!!!
Andrew sir is simply amazing . The way he taught me is very good and even he started from the scratch in order to make sure every one is able to understand
Highly informative course, Now I can visualize how a neural network works. The explanation was clear and helped me do the programming exercise without fear
Really nice course to learn about Neural networks working and implementation in python from scratch. Really good intuition and foundation of Deep Learning.
The course explained all the fundamentals and details very clearly. I can say that I feel very confident about the concepts that I learnt from this course.
It is an excellent course for people interested in starting AI. The world is changing. AI is not the future, it is the present. I really liked this course.
Really great Experience to learn new skills from this site and specially prof, He Explained really in great format so every one can understand. Thank prof.
Super detailed, fulfilling, straightforward and methodic course, that gave a good start for me as a beginner in AI. I really loved the process of studying.
Excellent course. From Logistic Regression to neural networks and then build Deep Neural Networks. Learn a lot. Thank you for preparing such a nice course.
It is a wonderful course covering the fundamentals. I had prior knowledge of deep learning but this course has helped me deeply understand the mathematics.
The course provides you theoretical   knowledge with a practical approach  and it's gives you really an interesting way to perceive things in deep learning
Very nicely structured and presented. I really appreciated the fact that the exercises did not require any unusual python packages and could be run online.
This is a great course that teaches you the fundamentals of deep learning from scratch. Come with an empty mind and you will have an amazing journey ahead.
I would also like to know how these techniques are invented, like how they ended up using these models. Hopefully I might learn those in the later courses.
Very clair and the homework doesn't need you to have a pretty good level in maths. However if you want to learn it better, I'll still recommand some maths.
I applaud the effort and the teaching style of Dr. Andrew Ng and all the others who contributed in the whole materials. Thank you from the bottom my heart!
It was the great course i have ever done , (best for the deep Learning course ) ,Thanks a lot for sir Andrew Ng , you are god of ML  and Deep learning !!!!
Very good introduction into NN and DL with good programming exercises to get started (requires some background knowledge it programming and linear algebra)
Fantastic way to learn in building complex neural networks. Step by step, teach us how to implement layers, activation functions, cost functions and so on.
Really great course for learning essential concepts about neural nets. I only wish the homeworks were harder but they will surely teach you lots of things.
Very clear and good explained lecture, well designed assignment. It really make me understand when I build a deep learning model from scratch all by myself
Dr. Ng patiently and thoroughly explains the mathematics and code behind shallow and deep neural networks. A very well-organized course - highly recommend.
Incredibly well designed course! I took a lot away from taking it; I definitely recommend this course to people who are interested in deep learning at all.
I have learn basics of neural networks and its working. This specialization is really amazing everyone should take it for better insights of deep learning.
Good intuitive explanation of the basic building blocks of deeplearning. The Jupiter notebooks is a nice and useful way to implement python coding without.
This course is an excellent starting point. It brings out the motivation and operation of basic Neural Networks in an intuitive manner. Highly recommended.
Great course! Dr. Ng breaks things down very well and makes sure all the concepts are easily accessible and thoroughly explained for the student. Loved it!
Well explained, flexible on math requirements, exceptionally good exercises on programming - allow you to learn in depth the theory and put it to practice.
Great course! Well organized materials and super practical problems to work on as programming assignments which just make the learning process so much fun!
Dr. Ng is a great instructor and I'm so glad he launched this specialization. There is no one better than Andrew Ng to teach deep learning, he is the best!
This was a fantastic journey! I'll definitely follow Deep Learning specialization. The ability to see your results on some real datasets is just fantastic.
It was very clear introduction to Neural Networks. If you have a problem with understanding forward/backward propagation methods, so welcome to the course.
Very clear and easy to follow. ESPECIALLY for anyone who have been exposed to calculus and linear algebra, although he seems to describe everything needed.
Great. In one course you will be able to implement NNs with generic numbers of layers in Python. Andrew is great teacher, I cannot stop watching his videos
Really good. The final exercises are perhaps a little dumbed down, but overall this is a great course for someone with no prior knowledge of deep learning.
Wow it was so detailed and from scratch in python.   Videos are so informative . I am gonna keep watching them again and again. Thanks for putting this up.
It is really a good starting point of deep learning. Easy understandable material and bunch of coding assignment for creating a neural network from scratch
Highly recommended for those who seek to understand deep (and even shallow) neural network on how to model, how to train, really in matrices computations !
Very good course, well explained and exercises are very interactive. I would like a little more math, because I'm a math lover, but is just a nice to have.
Thank you for this course. It came at a right time which I could use it for my capstone project. Thank you to Prof Andrew & your team for this great work!
one of the best courses for beginners, best explanations . little bit of knowledge in matrices and partial derivatives will help you to understand better.
Amazing course for people who would like learn about Neural Networks and Deep Learning from scratch. Good hands on experience for beginners in this field.
This course is really really awesome and informative. In my view, Professor Andrew Ng is the best instructor in the deep learning area. There is no doubt.
This course is well organized to get intuitions about neural network and deep learning and the way Andrew sir explains is amazing, thank you so much, sir.
The course is very helpful for beginners to learn about neural network. But this can be improved by including step by step python coding as video lecture.
Amazing Course. Got to learn everything from scratch. Kudos to Andrew NG. I realllly hope he reads this comment. And i have just become a huge fan of him.
Good course overall. The issue of this course is that the programming assignment gives out too much detail, which deprives one's interests of programming.
One of the best Professors of all time, Andrew Ng. Hands on were very well designed and also a little spoon fed, but overall a great course to start with.
It is an excellent course to get you into neural networks and machine learning and will teach you the basics very well, totally recommend it for beginners
Though I had some prior knowledge of deep learning using keras and tensorflow, this course gave me better understanding of how deep learning really works.
This course was really excellent . I got pretty good knowledge  on how deep neural networks actually workand looking forward to complete remaining courses
Andrew explained everything very clear and focus just on mentioned topic. This course helps me to understand structure of Neural Network and how it works.
The instructor was very precise and the concepts were explained in a simple way which is understandable by all. This course is highly recommended for all.
This course was really amazing and the assignment given in this course helped me a lot in the practical implementation of neural and deep neural networks.
It was an excellent course with detailed module and amazing exercise problems and assignments!! Really loved it and learnt a lot from this. Thanks a lot!!
The course content is great, but I hope there could be more Python training and detailed explanation of the calculus associated with Backward Propagation.
It's a very important course if you want in to the Artificial Intelligence, the professor Andrew is a very specific in his explications and great teacher.
What an incredible teacher! It's quite a feat to make a topic this complex become understandable. The systematic labeling system also helped me out a lot.
A great course, maybe a little slow-paced and partially redundant, but it seems like it is giving a solid understanding of the underlying structure of NN.
Easy to learn and nice coding paradigm, really helpful. Especially the notations used in the backpropagation help me better understand the Neural Network.
Andrew Ng is superb at teaching neural networks in a calm, understandable and easy manner, that most people (with high school level math) will understand.
Best explanation of insights about Neural Network and how to compute the backpropagation. Andrew NG knows how to explain complex topics in an easy manner.
This is a very good introduction course for NN and deep learning at a comfortable pace for beginners, even if you don't have much programming experiences.
Absolutely love the course material. Starting from the notations to progressively building concepts for implementation- everything is covered beautifully!
It is great. By learning these courses, i learn the python programming, the theory of neural networks, which is helpful for my research. Thanks very much.
Excellent introductory course to deep learning. The basics were very well explained. I am very much eager to take the other courses in the specialization.
Excellent course for beginners in ML and Python/Vectorization.  The lectures are excellent and the programming exercises are very well done and explained.
I am amazed by the quality of the teacher, the content is stunning. It helps student across the whole course and guides you across the exercises. AMAZING!
Easy to understand. The programming assignments are clearly structured, serving as bravo review of the videos. Please accept my deepest thanks to you all!
This course explains the basics of deep learning better than most (if not all) of the materials and courses I've seen online. And I've seen / taken a lot.
The course is quite difficult and daunting but the programming exercises are fun because you can see how the things being discussed are put into practice.
The teacher is very very good and explains very well. This course is amazing. 
However I've been struggling to meet deadline. 
You have to work very hard!
Excellent entry level course on the subject of deep learning, but going into a little bit of programming. Very interesting, well organised and weel taught
Great introduction to Neural Networks with 1 and multiple layers. You get a detailed introduction to the topic and implement a L-layers network in Python.
This is one of best course i have ever taken. Now i have clear understanding of how Neural Network work and how to create own Neural Network from scratch.
A wonderfully efficient and eloquent introduction to Deep Learning for beginners. The programming sections are well designed and highly effective as well.
The course is explicit. I loved the course structure and teaching methodology. Thank you very much, Prof. Andrew Ng and team for the outstanding content.
Really enjoyed this course and the clear explanation and the step by step notebooks. Appreciate your efforts for doing this knowledge easy to understand.
The course has the right level of difficulty to challenge you and guides you very nicely through all the hard concepts. Great course, highly recommended.
This course helped me in understanding the inner aspects of deep learning. The vectored representation of the neural network make the prediction simpler.
Excellent course. There is a lot of hand-holding in the programming assignments. But that's to be expected. As this course is intended for the beginners.
This course is fantastic!.....especially for me as a beginner to deep learning, it was a significant opportunity to learn about the basics of this field.
Excellent course to clear many doubts on forward and backward prop along with gradient descent.I loved the way Andrew explained it throughout the course!
Great Course. and the use of the Jupiter notebook is a brilliant addition to this course.. far more interactive and easier that using Mathlab or Octave..
This course helped me a lot to understand the basic concepts in deep learning such as forward propagation, backward propagation, cost function and so on.
Great introduction to DNN. It's my first course with Prof. Ng. I admire his way in making complex things sound simple. I recommend this course to others.
As always, Andrew is absolutely amazing at transmitting advanced knowledge and making it accessible to most people. Thank you Andrew and the whole team !
Excellent Course!! Makes some of the concepts very easy to understand as the practice exercise and the assignments are simple and real-time applications.
Design of course is very  precised. All videos and assignments are organized perfectly. It gives a real confidence for further going deep in this course.
Best Foundation Course for me. Andrew emphasis on every detail one must know and also on the confusions that might occur to majority (it is true for me).
like this course so much!!! Dr. andrew NG explain each details so clearly that I could follow this course step by step. I will miss this course forever .
I have learned a lot during this course. Teacher Andrew explained everything clearly and slowly, which helps me to understand better. Highly recommended!
Great intro course to Neural Networks, excellent explanation of the methods to solve neural networks and the basic principles. Good practice assignments.
Really nice course and programming exercises.Would be nice if they maintained the in-video-questions appearing mostly at the end of a video until week 3.
Easy to learn, understand and implement with Andrew Ng's slides. Quite useful (not just for beginners), anyone who's interested in AI should have a look.
very nice to learn to build deep neural networks, not only the pure technical aspects. You learn to do this on an uncomplicated and flexible way as well.
One of the best course to understand the basics and start your career in deep learning.The course material is very good and so is sir who is teaching us.
Great course! Does not overwhelm beginners with painful math derivation, but encourages you to do so once you get settled with the huge information flow.
This course has given me a very deep understanding of neural networks and to understand the code basics of neural networks is incredibly helpful. Thanks!
Thank you so much Coursera for approving my financial aid application and thank you Andrew for providing this wonderful course. You all are my heroes..!!
The course helped me a lot building and practice with deep neural networks. Especially the vectorization is extremely useful and well shown and explained
Give the predefine of variables, it's most important thing for beginers to understand this algorithm, and clarify this algorithm detail. Prefect! Thanks!
Great lesson! I can learn the course from a fundamental basics.The assignments and quiz are not difficult, but help me to understand the contents better.
Great course! I found very interesting to know that deep neural networks are not black boxes. I really enjoyed to apply the math behind neural networks.
In-Depth study of Deep learning provided. Andrew does a great job of explaining the mathematics while also keeping it as simple as possible. Good stuff!
Andrew Ng is the best teacher , Machine Learning is a very difficult thing but he makes it look like a piece of cake .. Hats off for the amazing teacher
This course was great, quite easy to follow thanks to Andrew's way of teaching. The quality of the programming assignment is excellent. I recommend it !
Every concept is explained bit by bit. Its simply awesome. After taking this course I am feeling very confident about deep learning. Thankyou Andrew Ng.
After completing this course,I now have a good if not better knowledge about the gradient descent, the reason I had taken this course in the first place
This is a very good course for people who want to get started with neural networks.The math behind the algorithm is well explained. I really enjoyed it.
Wow...! Andrew has explained each concept very well with great detail. Backpropagation using NumPy was like a nightmare for me. He made it look so easy.
Following the wonderful journey of "Machine Learning" with Dr Ng, No doubt, this second course is keeping amazing me! Will continue to learn from Dr Ng!
The course covered in depth details of algorithms including the mathematics and statistics behind each algorithm. It was an amazing learning experience!
Good Contents, Would've been nicer to explain on the text cells how to actually construct neural  networks from the scratch without any helper functions
The entire course was really productive and the intuitions were simply fantastic and this course would bring an enormous change in my career towards AI.
To the point, interesting amount of information in a short time, projects are really good, instructor is very knowledgeable ( of-course!! :D ) Loved it!
The best and the most complete course comprising both of theory and practical knowledge, n prof.Andrew being an incredible teacher is icing on the cake.
Amazing overview of neural networks. It goes into a lot of details, but is explained in an easy way to understand. It helps if you have math background,
Great course. Great experience. Prof. Ng makes every topic so easy to grasp. Exercises are really good and help us to understand the topics even better.
This course let me know the basic theories and application about Neural  Network and Deep Learning . And also inspire me to know about it  more and more
It is easy to understood for those who had the course "machine learning". I would like study more.Thanks  so much for Andrew and his team for your work!
Its a good course. Excellent teaching skills of Andrew. I am someone who never liked attending classes, but I could listen to Andrew's lectures all day.
Although it's a basic course in DL series, the material and programming assignment help me to clarify many misunderstandings in public technique report.
very useful course for people to learn what's deep learning, what exactly it does in our daily life, how to build a basic neural network, thanks Andrew!
Great course for reviewing neural network. Just one problem: some pictures in the quizzes cannot be loaded :) but it does not affect passing the quizzes
Complex topic explained in a very simple manner. Increased our knowledge and confidence at every step. Will recommend this course to all my connections.
With no official background in AI, this course has laid a foundation for future learning while also giving me the knowledge to discuss AI intelligently.
Very intuitive to understand and the step-by-step assignments make it easier to focus on concept more than programming syntax. Thank you so much Andrew!
One of the best course there to get introduced to neural networks. For me it laid a strong foundation from where I can do my own research to learn more.
Wow. What a great introduction to A.I. using Python to learn a new way of looking a real problems. Well present, well paced and even a fun class for me.
Though it's a basic neural network class, and I learn it before. I still can learning something new, especially more clear on BP. The exercise is great!
Extremely helpful and indulging classes. Andrew Ng is a great teacher and this is my second course I'm following of his teaching. Highly recommend it !!
A detailed primer on the operation of basic feed-forward neural networks. Excellent lectures and enlightening assignments really solidify the knowledge.
Very well prepared and good pace.The assignments are slightly too easy.There are a few unclear things in the last assignment - but nothing very serious.
I really liked it, he addressed all the topics deeply and I learned a lot, the explanations were step by step and every week it became more interesting
very comprehensive and useful course to start on deep learning. The coding assignments are really well designed and helpful as well. Highly recommended
The course is very structured and systematically defined for the learners. Assignments are very helpful to solidify the concepts. Andrew Ng is amazing.
This was so useful to realize that I haven't exactly understood the base logic and the calculations between matrix etc. Thanks for this amazing course!
Absolutely loved this course. Fantastically taught, even though it was a fairly complex topic. Assignments were incredibly structured and designed too!
I gain basic knowledge of neural nets and deep learning through this course. Thanks to Andrew Ng, who made this course as simple and clear as possible.
Great course to learn how neural networks are build from scratch and to get a sense about the math behind them. It's REALLY worth it! Thanks Andrew Ng.
The course is good. I had completed Machine Learning from Andrew last year and this course had been a refresher and continuation from the previous one.
really i learnt a lot. actually i am new to neuarl networks. now i have a very good idea. As a VLSI designer , now i planned to merge the NN with FPGA.
One of the best courses to get started on deep learning. Coolest Instructor, Professor Andrew's tone is reassuring and motivating to continue learning.
Great learning experience Prof. Andrew Ng, Wonderful learning. every minute concept is much clear now for me. Thank u Coursera, Thank u Prof. Andrew Ng
The learning process is very gradual in a way that I easily understood every part in the course, looking forward to seeing the next courses. Thank you!
Extraordinary course! Lectures are very clear and hands-on assignments are extremely helpful! Thanks Dr. Ng and all people who put the course together.
A must have course in case you are starting as a beginner. The course focuses on explaining the ML concepts instead of simply using standard libraries.
it's a great course and great instructor I like assignments, it is really learn you how to think and code thanks Andrew, and all that team make content
Complicated concepts are made very easy to understand. Programming tasks  drill home the theory.  A really well put together and very enjoyable course.
This course was very helpful and easy to understand. Andrew tells all as simple and clear as possible and makes everything easy to learn. thanks a lot.
Thank you to Cousera for letting me study this course on Financial Aid. I learned the basics and now I have developed more interest in the Feild of AI.
This is definitely a helpful course, where I know the overview of DNN and learn how to build a DNN. there is no doubt that DNN is a much powerful tool.
The best course available to learn Deep Learning , and learning from an industry expert like Andrew Ng is not something you get to experience everytime
Good intro course for deep learning. Helps me to build up basic conceptsof neural networks and deep learning by writing codes of simple neuralnetworks.
A very structured course content on neural networks, easy to understand and follow. Thanks for such a wonderful course Andrew and entire coursera team!
This course was just awesome . this course finally helped me to establish myself in Artificial intelligence field and it was a correct pathway for me .
The best course to really understand the inner workings of deep learning. Recommend to anyone interested in the field, beginners and experienced alike.
Very nice introduction course to DNN, as usual a great has been made to facilitate the overall comprehension of Deep Neural Network!!!! Great teacher !
Thumb! The course complexity is medium.  Media content is well-pointed and suitable for engineers who has some engineering and mathematical background.
Useful course for a beginner in Deep learning who have not play python before. Clear logic and combination between the course materials and assignment.
I did this course and I'm confident about the knowledge I got from this course about Neural Network. Thanks to the team who made this course a reality.
the course is very good to understand and implement neural networks and use it in real examples i like it and its so easy for any one know bit about ML
Very well teached course, the programming assignments are absolutely necessary to understand the contents and to learn how to apply them. Recommended!!
Excellent class, very nice explanations, very useful exercise sheets and very motivational interviews with Deep Learning pioneers. Thank you very much!
Easy to follow theory and instructions. Learners with an advanced degree (in any Engineering field) would not struggle to complete this course I think.
Amazingly clear, inspirational.100% of the times I found myself not understanding something it was because I was not paying enough attention.True gold.
Excellent Course! The basics are taught in a great way. Makes it really easy to follow and gives ones a thorough understanding! Would highly recommend.
Explanation of the mathematical concepts in the best way possible.Implementation of the algorithms gives one a lot pf confidence to do more on his own,
Andrew Ng is the best.  Video lectures are more concrete in terms of mathematical intuitions as compared to ML course. Excited about remaining courses.
Finally a course that breaks down the relatively complex area of NN into easily digest-able lessons with practical programming assignments. Thanks you!
Good course. The content was very relevant and the explanations were helpful in creating a certain level of intuition about how machine learning works.
Great course by Andrew!! Even the difficult of concepts were taught in a way to appear doable. Looking for many such courses in future! All the Best!!!
This was an excellent refresher on Machine Learning - bringing a modern take to the classic ML course.  Great to see all the assignment work in Python.
good for beginner. I not good in English but this course make everything is easy to understand. thank for teacher to give wonderful knowledge to me :)
I really enjoyed the course. Earlier Deep learning was a kind of a black box for me. After doing this course, I have understood how it actually works.
as my first course on machine learning this was much better than expected. The programming assignments are most efficiently designed for new learners.
Very clearly structured course, I enjoyed every lesson. The video descriptions are fantastic and the assignments tie the lesson material very clearly.
I thank Andrew Ng and Deeplearning.ai for creating such a good course on deep-learning.I am now understanding why AI has been the game changerThankYOu
Thanks Andrew Sir , and all other mentors . This was a wonderful course . Now I can build NN  Which seems to be like Aliens for me before this course.
I really loved this course. The assignments are pretty nice and I wish everyone to take this course if they want to start learning about NN. Thank You
This 2nd my course by Andrew Ng. One of the best online course. Also this is too addictive. I completed this Course in approx 3 day(with office work).
Best course of Deep Learning to any person who is interested to kickstart his/her journey in the field if AI as well as Deep Learning/Machine Learning
One of the best courses available for deep learning specialization. Andrew NG Sir has beautifully covered all the topics with their proper intuitions.
The Videos are great and you can make sure of your understanding of dimensions of matrices and all the math stuff through the assignments. Keep it up!
Very helpful, as revision and as an introduction to python and how to use numpy to perform the same tasks as the machine learning course by Andrew Ng.
Blessed to learn from Andrew Ng. Great course material, amazing assignments and superb articulation. I am very happy that I signed up for this course.
Course is beautifully designed to start from the very bottom and step by step learning is very useful. Amazing teaching by Andrew Ng. Wonderful job :)
The course was really helpful. Instructor Andrew Ng explained each and every concept in deep. I am satisfied with the contents provided by the course.
This is the best online course that I have encountered till date. Thank you for keeping this as simple as one can think. Andrew sir, you are a genius.
One of the best Deep Learning courses on the Web. I would recommend everyone starting out with DL to take this course to understand the math about it.
A well structured and well taught course for the people who are aspiring for Deep learning. Got more insights on Deep learning and a lot of knowledge.
The course is structured in a way making it very easy to grasp. Amazing course for grasping the basics and killing the fear of starting deep learning.
Fantastic introduction to Deep Learning basics. This course offered a very effective, intuitive and hands-on exposure to Deep Learning implementation.
This course is of exceptional quality, and has helped me gain a far better understanding of neural networks in a short amount of time! Thanks so much!
It is an amazing course for beginners. The concepts have been explained in great details and the intuitions provided give you a real feel of the topic
Excellent insight to such a complicated and interesting topic. Programming assignments were really enhancing the clarity for the theoretical knowledge
Nice course, explains everything in details. It lets you build your own neural net in python from scratch. As always, great explanations by Andrew Ng.
The course is very well organised and taught in a very methodical way. The programming assignments help reinforce the concepts taught in the lectures.
Deep and thoughtful course.Highly recommended for any computer scientist that wants to understand data or data scientist that wants to learn about NN,
Really good course for a first approach of deep learningGood pace Need motivation for the coding assignments if you don't have a developper background
Great Course! I did learn something though I took neural network course in my university last year. But there are still some mistakes in the subtitle.
This was a fantastic introduction on Deep Learning fundamentals right from the basic building blocks towards building a L layer Deep Neural Network!!!
Very well thought out. The progression was very logical and easy to follow. Insights such as why non-linearity needs to be added in were very helpful.
Updated with a lot of industrial material, and the learning curve is reduced a lot compared to early courses from Andrew Ng, especially for beginners.
Pretty good introductory course to neural networks with fun programming exercises. I think it needs a video or two more but that's just me. Good work.
I was already familiar with deep learning, but nonetheless I found the class very enlightening and definitely worth it - unexperienced or not. Thanks!
This course gives an excellent introduction to deep learning. It has a good combination of intuition and mathematics.  Andrew is a brilliant teacher.
Muito bom! A base matemática foi um diferencial deste curso. Recomendo!/Very good! The mathematics base was the diference of this course. I recomend!
A great course for everybody. especially if you know calculus this course will give you deep insights on how things are going inside a Neural network
The course is designed to understand the concept of Deep Learning in a simple way. The explanation and tutorials were much helpful to write the code.
It was one of the best courses that i ever had, it made me try and learn a lot of things that i knew theoricly, it was a pleasure to be part of that.
Easy to follow and very useful concepts. Really like how the coding assignment is constructed so that it is easy and clear for new-bee to get started
Thank you sir, this course has helped me a lot to develop a new skill. I am so grateful, i don't know how to express my gratitude. Very great course.
Very useful course. Clear instruction - much improved if comparing with the "machine learning" course which I took before taking this one. Thank you!
An excellent lecture by andrew ng sir ,i am a beginner to machine learning but although the mathematics taught by andrew sir was so brief and  easy .
Best course; Thanks to Professor Andrew and his team for creating best resource on deep learning. Special Thanks to Coursera for hosting this course.
Very good introduction to Deep Learning. Python exercises helped a lot in understanding the aspects of a Deep Neural Network and how to implement it.
I wish it was my first one. Was too easy but that's a positive moment. All shapes, all definitions are listed. So you focus only on the core problem.
The course contents are very structured. The foundation concepts are covered very comprehensively and guided through practical examples step by step.
Very thankful to andrew for this lovely explanation.Explanation  was very simple and easy to understand and very easily teaches about neural network.
Excellent explanation, great intuition and motivation to go forward. Assignments are also great, indeed you learn a lot from assignments and quizzes.
Very well planned and organized start for deep learning. Learned a lot! Highly recommended for people planning to pursue their careers in datascience
Awesome and detailed introduction the Neural Networks, a lot of intuition and implementation details explained very well. The last interview is gold!
The best course on neural network basics I am totally in love with Andrew's structured way of teaching, why did not I take this course much sooner !!
Very clear explanation. Andrew and his team did put a lot of efforts in the course material, including videos and exercise. Thanks a million to them!
Thank you very much, to all the contributors, special thanks to sir Andrew Ng and coursera.com. I am looking forward to complete whole DL curriculum.
This course is super illustrative and simple to follow, yet in the end you will gain knowledge and intuition in how deep learning really works, GREAT
Loved the way every small details were explained. Programming assignments were awesome. Had great time learning. On to next course of Deeplearning.ai
Very good course, the lesson is really useful, and the lecture is very clear and easy to understand. The assignment has good instructions. I love it.
Thank you for the course. Beautifully explained. Please correct the assignment errors of week 4. I am thoroughly confused on "L"s and "l"s of part 1.
Programming assignments are very good with step by step instruction. It got a tremendous feeling that theory can be implemented in program so easily.
Great course. Wish I could just sit down for few hours without interruptions. Sigh.Love it. Plan to continue and recommend to others. Thanks Prog. Ng
A very good course, many things are similar to Machine Learning course Andrew had a few years ago though. But understand the basic knowledge is same.
I am totally a new comer to Deep Learning. Andrew NG's explanation makes picking up things really easy. Am enrolling for the course 2 of DL for sure!
Course was great! I felt it was too easy -- the notebooks and professor Andrew Ng are just too good. Joking aside, very pleasant and useful learning.
Great course to gain full in depth maths and crystal clear understanding of neural network and most important and tough concept like back-propagation
Really thorough and intuitive. Programming assignments provide exactly the right amount of help while challenging you to understand the key concepts.
Very informative course! Exceptional communication that looks very sincere. The lecturer gives great insights on how everything applies in practice.
Well structured initial course. All the material is showed in a rate that any student is able to follow. Excellent and useful programming exercises.
I learnt a lot of new concept. This course was really effective for me. And seriously this Professor really kills. Glade to be a part of this course
It's the best course on neural networks. It starts with basic and goes till the end. Definitely recommends to one who wants to start neural network.
Andrew's lessons were very helpful in understanding Deep Learning and its uses. In this course you need no pre-requisites to understand the content.
Practical, good balance between math and code.Excellent well structured material.Architecture of the entire Neural Network algorithm well organized.
Loved Learning with Coursera during the Lockdown due to the Pandemic. Utilising my time the best way possible to increase my skills. Thanks Coursera
Such a great introduction with  the correct amount of guidance in programming assignment. The instructor provides clarity of the material presented.
This is probably the best online deep learning course. The topics are explained so well and the hands on assignments are so proper and well defined.
The instructor, Andrew Ng is absolutely amazing!  Very intriguing and well-explained course. The math behind the algorithms is concise and thorough.
The scaffolded assignments point the learner in the right direction, while still making you understand the content in order to get the right answer.
Very informative . Hope to learn more. I liked the optional interviews with various heroes of deep learning like ian goodfellow. very good exercises
It was awesome course to understand the key elements in the neural network and deep learning. Now I can create my own NN using this course tutorial.
You can't go wrong by taking a course from the great Andrew Ng. I would consider this course to be a revised version of his Machine learning course.
Thank You Andrew and Coursera. Such an amazing course. I couldnt pay still you are helping me, thats very generous of you people. Thank You so much.
Easy to follow, but I am not sure if the guidance is too much. The amount of guidance in the comments allowed me to translate into code very easily.
Very well explained, easy to remember all the notations, and dimensions in each layer.Assignments are helping to understand the concepts much better
At first I wasn't sure about online courses, but after completing this course I really feel that I have learned something which is much more useful.
That was really a great course. Got to learn the intricate details of Deep Learning. Looking forward to the second course of this Specialization. <3
The course was very well organised. Each and every concept was explained very well. Programming assignments were very helpful to learn the concepts.
Excellent Course with really good & interesting assignments. Was struck at 1 or 2 assignment for a longer time, but the discussion forum helps alot.
The instruction is clear and easy to understand. The programming assignments are really helpful to give learners an intuition about Neural Networks.
I would like to thank each and everyone who contributed for this course. Thank you so much for such a wonderful introductory course on deep learning
It is very clear a lot of effort has been put in to really enable the learners to become practitionersof machine learning. This is much appreciated.
Very well structured lectures and exercises. I really enjoy the jupiter exercises with the information between the programming sections. Great work!
I never thought that a short course will let me know so much details about deep learning fundamentals, thank you Andrew NG for giving me this chance
This is a second course I learn with Prod Andrew. I consider that it gives practical knowledge comparing to other current courses on Neural Network.
I did some other online courses about deep learning but with this course I was able to get a better understanding on how things work under the hood.
I will like to thank the instructor for making Deep Learning so easy to understand and learn. Really grateful to the instructor Andrew Ng for this.
Its a great introductory course that lets the students develop some level of understanding about why neural networks work and how to implement one.
It is very helpful course i encourage to take this course even if you don't have any prior knowledge it will be good if you know python little bit.
Everything is awesome in this deep learning course. I really liked the hands-on neural network building along with the theory. Enjoying the course.
Excellent Course!! Very good explanation for basic concepts of Deep Learning, Logical Regression, Neural Networks. Kudos to Coursera and Andrew NG!
great course, very detailed explanations. Implementing the nn myself step by step was a bit challenging, but it helps me understand it much better.
Very nice learning experience. Well structured and organized and motivated to learn further. Thanks for the instructors. Great effort made by them.
A great course for a beginner. The programming exercise makes your concepts concrete and allows to dive further. Overall a very interesting course.
It was an amazing journey with full of learning and experiments. Mr. Andrew is a great instructor and I would highly recommend to take this course.
Excellent course for getting intuition of Neural Networks and getting the basics of Neural Networks clear.Highly recommend this course. Good luck!!
Well designed and well explained course. Recommended course. The assignments and quizzes are understandable and straight forward,  I liked it most.
It was a nice learning experience. In-depth knowledge of deep neural network along with mathematical background is the best thing about this course
This course is taught by a god, has changed my understanding, about the neural networks. This is great course, taught by greatest of all, Andrew Ng
Great course. Andrew Ng is phenomenal at explaining complex machine learning topics to those who are just beginning to learn about neural networks.
The teacher's explanation is very good, very complex knowledge can be explained so easy to understand, so that we can learn very easily and happily
Very interesting course. Explanations are clear, and exercises are really motivating.I recommend this course to anyone interested in deep learning.
Gives a good high level picture of the machine learning algorithms. Gives good intuition. Also helps you implement a practical deep neural network.
A great introduction to Neural Networks and basic concepts of Deep Learning.  I greatly recommend to anyone who's interested in knowing the basics.
This course gave me chance to do and try what I learned in Machine Learning Course. It also helped me to understand multilayered NN and their math.
This course was very helpful to me. I got to learn a lot about Neural Networks and Deep Learning. The course also provides enough practice in them.
I honestly don't think there is a better option online to learn Deep Learning. As good as it can get. Neural Networks won't be a black box anymore.
Amazing course! The course crisply and concisely explains how simple linear algebra, calculus and python can be used to develop predictive systems.
Great course. Explains the basics and also explains the math behind forward and backward propagation. Also, builds an intuition on why things work.
Great explanations! Through the course Andrew Ng focus over the intuition, math and give many tips how create efficient neural nets.Amazing course.
This is best course for a beginner to start. I have enjoyed & learned a lot from this course. I will look forward to start my career in this field.
The best course I have ever had. Excellent foundation to neural networks and deep learning by Andre Ng.Would like to attend more Andrew Ng classes.
Great intro course, really breaks down the math into manageable chunks so you can understand the fundamentals of neural networks and deep learning.
Amazing lectures by Prof. Andrew Ng, helped me understand core concepts of Deep Learning in depth. Thank a lot to Coursera and Prof. Andrew Ng sir.
Great introduction course to Deep learning and neural networks, covering just the right amount of material for to learn with confidence in 4 weeks.
An in depth intro to deep learning that covers the fundamental concepts to allow you to become proficient with building deep neural nets in python.
I love it, good organized theory, I love the guided practical assessments. Andrew NG your are awesome, when I give talks I recommend your course <3
Andrew did a great job. I am now confident I can tackle Neural Network projects  on my own. I especially loved the hands-on programming assignments
It is really the best deep learning course among all the courses I've taken so far (among all the courses in my college and those available online)
The course is structured very well and provides a robust foundation of math needed for ML as well as  basic deep learning algorithms and structures
Maybe the programming assignments should be a little more difficult, but overall I learned a lot. It's really organized and well structured course.
Clear lecture videos, slides, and assignments. You get repetition of the same ideas throughout so you get lots of reinforcement for the main ideas.
This course gives a nice introduction to Deep Learning and neural networks. The project is very interesting and encourages beginners to learn more.
Very helpful course, Professor Ng explain the foundation of the whole Deep leaning in a very easy way.Easily understand the maths and python codes.
Good course; provide every element that you will need to build a simple neural network. Have some bugs in coding assignments that need to be fixed.
A great beginner's introduction to neural networks that will give insight into how they work without requiring advanced mathematical understanding.
Excellent course as an introduction to deep learning using Python and numpy.  It's a bit slow for my personal tastes, but works well at 2.0x speed.
Thanks for the course ! I have gained an intuition for the underlying structure of neural nets and backprop, which was very difficult for me before
Great introduction to understand how artificial neural networks work. Besides, each video and exercise was made carefully for learners. Great job!
One of the best courses out there, if you want an in-depth intuition on Neural Nets and how it's used in Deep Learning Algorithms coded in Python.
Very straightforward and focused on what matters, not to mention that the course esp. programming assignments are structured in an easy to do way.
Amazing content that is a privilege to go through and learn about how powerful AI can be to almost any application. I highly recommend the course.
Excellent course to get you started on deep learning! I had little experience before getting into this course but feel quite confident coming out.
A very well thought and planned technical introduction of Neural Networks. This course is a must for everyone involved in modern technical fields!
Excellent course with good explanation and wonderful examples. Thanks Andrew Ng for your detailed explanations and contribution to ML/AI learners.
The course is really in-depth theory, Math part some times hard to understand but when you start doing an assignment you'll get to know it better.
well, it's not that detailed but you can get an overview of the topics only if you know calculus and some of the basic models of machine learning.
Very Simple way of teaching,As I am from mathematical background, T found this course very interesting and the programming exercises are also good
I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to get started in machine learning. This course will give you the basics you need to go further.
Described very clearly the basic concept of deep learning. Assignment in Jupyter notebook was very easy to use and helped improving understanding.
Easy to understand. I think what would help students in the long run is a project they should build from scratch with just a dataset given to them
This course helped me learn and implement neural networks in a real-world scenario. I thank deeplearning.ai for this extremely educational course.
Very useful course , Andrew ng teach everything clearly .This is the best course for learning deep neural network who want to start as a beginner.
If you know certain machine learning terms beforehand and have some experience with them, then this course is the best way to learn deep learning.
The course is quite easy to catch with specifically designed tutorials which are helpful to understand the outlines and workflow of NN. Thank you.
It was a great course, the information was clear and well presented. The assignments were not too complicated but they were really really helpful.
This course is much effective and helpful with numpy and awesome than previous Machine Learning Course by Andrew Ng.  Thanks, Andrew Ng professor.
Very good balane and compromise between theoretical and practical part. Thus I learned a lot very quickly. This is exactly what I was looking for!
Basics are very essential and that's the reason this course is amongst the top. Having Andrew as a mentor and teacher is always a great privilege.
This course is yet another masterpieces of Andrew Ng. This course gave me useful insights and laid the foundations of deep learning for my career.
Andrew Ng always make difficult concepts easy to grasp.   The coding exercises really helped solidify the concepts to programs that actually work.
Very interesting and well done, a very nice pace, might have even been a bit too easy. But I am looking forward to the rest of the specialization!
This course was quite useful for me. I could recognize basic concept better than any books. Programming assignments are helpful for understanding.
Very structured and informative course. I gained a good intuition and understanding of deep learning after completing this course.Thanks,Prashanth
a great course. the structure is really good. in small steps you get to know a lot of things about NN. I'm looking forward to see the next courses
it was very easy to follow and complete the programming assignments. some assignments were too simple and dumbed down, could make it less obvious.
Great course, so detailed notes and course material which let me understand how Nerual Networks wokr and the basic principle behind Deep learning.
This was an excellent introductory course for Deep Learning, It provided excellent guidance on the theoretical level as well as the implementation
It's a great class and I learned a lot from the assignment and the video. Hope we can get more practice or project which is really helpful! Thanks
Very good refresher for the previous ML course and not so confusing notations. Intuitive explanation for most math equations/concepts helps a lot.
An excellent course, which starts from first principles and quickly builds to something useful. The Python jupyter notebooks are well thought out!
The course is great! After watching the video and doing the exercise, you will have better understanding of the neural networks and deep learning.
I feel like implementing a deep neural network in my mind when he is teaching and did it on the practice without hitting my head against the wall
Great course! Prof Andrew NG explained every concept pretty clear. It is easy for me to understand even though I do not have solid IT background.
Great course that goes into the math behind neural networks. Great way to understand what is happening behind the scenes of popular AI frameworks
Great course. Andrew Ng and team have done a great job here. The way Andrew has paced this course up, it was convenient to go through the course.
Excellent introduction to neural networks! The quizes were not trivial, so you really have to understand the concepts, the notation and the math.
This course is best as now neural networks are no more black box to me .The best part is it teaches you how to code neural networks from scratch.
This is my first course on coursera. It was great experience. Learnt many many new things and also gain the confidence in programming assignment.
In the way the course structure has been organised is superb, from the naive stage to high-level everything moves fluently without any resistance
Professor Ng gives very good explanations. I wanted to know how to construct a neural net in a practical situation and got that from this course.
The course is well organized and the  instructor anticipates the complexity well and assures explanation for better understanding of the concepts
It was really wonderful learning through this course ,I have gained lot of knowledge with this course .Thank you so much for the team of coursera
The course was great, but I would like to see a second installment that goes in more depth. I would have loved to learn to use CNN's for example.
Excellent course for intermediate and advanced learners. Also very good for beginners. Every detail was explained as much as possible. Good work!
A well-structured course that introduces the foundations of NNs and gives some mathematical intuition into how and why NNs work. Fully recommend.
The explanation was pretty neat and the materials were well organized. And thanks to Andrew Ng sir for making the concepts easily understandable.
I've got some fundamental knowledge about Deep Learning. Thanks to PhD Andrew and mentors. I really love this course. Special thanks to COURSERA.
A great introduction course, that combines the rigor of an academic course with the implementation details. Please go ahead and start this course
I started with zero knowledge on neural networks and this course gave me the basics and boost to go forward in deep learning. Thanks to the team.
One of the best courses I've ever come across. Thanks to Andrew Sir, for explaining all the tough concepts in the easiest manner possible!Cheers!
Great introduction to deep learning, Andrew Ng is a very good communicator and all the slides and programming assignments very well put together.
Learning NN via numpy was very useful to me. Can you share the in-built package codes as well? will get even more hang of the structure of codes?
As ever, prof keeps it simple and focuses on making sure we understand the concepts and not get bogged down in formulae. Thank you prof and team!
Great course, I loved how it was implemented. lets you grasp the theory, but also practice with code - a part that helped my understanding a lot.
Fantastic !!Loved everything about this Course - the content, videos, assignments, not to mention about the pace, guidance, and the expectations.
Andrew teaches patiently and is considerable for those who are not good at math. The homework is well designed, I've learned a lot. Great course!
The best ever. Theory and Math first, then come to practical apply (easy to follow, but you can learn new techniques when you reading the codes).
Extremely interesting course. The content is clear and well presented. The exercises are the perfect balance between student involvement and fun.
Awesome. Thanks, Andrew and the staff for putting together such an amazing course. Highly recommended. Thank you, Coursera for the financial aid!
The optional material with Geoffrey Hinton was a treat. It gave me an insight into how in-depth machine learning can go when experts "talk shop".
Besides the details of calculations of the functions, we want to know more about why we do forward and backward calculation. The rest is perfect.
Excellent starter course for machine learning. Excellent course material delivery by Prof. Andrew Ng and well structured programming assignments.
Clear, Concise and probably the best course(on neural networks) on the internet. Thanks to Andrew Ng Sir and his team and also the Coursera team.
It give the fundamental knowledge of what is Neural Networks and Deep Learning with some easy coding sample and instructions. It is just a start.
A great journey so far building a neural network from the very beginning. Like the honest opinions of Andrew Ng about the industry and standards.
Excellent coverage of the material and the coding homeworks were difficult but did not require writing a ton of boilerplate code, which is great.
Great course! Very well explained. You can invest more time to really understand the concepts, like coding the exercises from scratch.I loved it!
The foundation required to understand the deep neural network correctly. Very appreciated to really understand what's happening under the hood :)
Things made simple by Prof.Andrew on his own way. This is a detailed course for any one to build a basic neural network with out much difficulty.
Andrew has a gift to methodically dissect seemingly complicated things into small understandable building blocks. I highly recommend this course.
The way this course teaches technical and programming aspect of Deep Learning is really awesome.  Thanks a lot Andrew NG and deeplearning.ai Team
The best course to understand Neural networks and Deep Learning. Every video content is sharp, to the point, resourceful, easily understandable.
i have studied concepts of deep learnıng before but thanks to this course i  understand everything clearly and thorughly. very well put together
The absolute legend of Deep Learning is Andrew Ng. Thanks for such wonderful explanation and providing in-depth knowledge of the specialization.
A great introductory course to Deep Learning. You get to implement your own neural network from scratch, instead of the usual .fit(), .predict()
I absolutely loved the course. I learnt everything I was wanted to learn.Thank You so much for the knowledge you have imparted. Forever grateful
The course gave detailed information on the topic and practice exercises to gain proper insight and even use it later with proper accessibility.
Although there was a lot of review topics from the Machine Learning course, the new assignments helped me deepen my understanding of the topics.
The course was excellent - I have never been able to grasp so many concepts so fast. Definitely give it a shot. Programming exercises were nice.
Very well designed and organized course. Good to have a overview of Neural Network. In my opinion, even non CS people will enjoy this course. :)
Best course I have taken on Deep Learning or AI for that matter! Extremely valuable for anyone who has any intention of going into the AI Field.
This course is very comprehensive. Every lecture is explained very clearly. It is a must for anyone seeking a career in Artificial Intelligence.
Love the way Andrew teached, concise and very well-structured. I really enjoyed and learnt a lot from this introduction to deep learning course.
Enjoyed learning here. A lot of care is given to small details. Submitting assignment is super easy and super transparent. Thank You, Coursera!!
Great introductory materials on deep learning for those without basic knowledge of the discipline. Thanks Prof. Andrew and the team! Keep it up!
Perfect for the beginners who want to understand from the ground level. The mentor is also very good and keeps the user engaged in the lectures.
The instructor is a gifted teacher. He has a methodical stepwise approach that makes it relatively easy to learn even complex concepts. 5 stars!
Very detailed course and the best part that after each week you have a interview session which gives us more insight on the field. thanks again.
This course is really easy to understand the basic of NN, quiz and assignments are also great to help us to get to the detail of implementation.
Good way to learn how neural networks function internally and successfully implement hard coded models to provide concrete concept understanding
fantastic course, everything you need to know about deep learning & neural networks. It help me to land a job in Data Science/AI. Thanks Andrew!
This is a very good course to get deep understanding of Neural Network and you get to implement your own code of Neural Network. Awesome Course.
This was one of the most interesting course I have come through. I would recommend it to all those who wanted to get familiar with deep learning
Perfect way to immerge yourself in the real of neural networks. Very well structured content, complemented with useful hands on implementations.
Really interesting and accessible grounding in the basics, some of the learning from which I've been able to apply immediately in the workplace.
very nice one i have already completed video from youtube and other places just assignment need to completed from here. it was a nice experience
This is a great intro to DL. The instructor is great at explaining core concepts. Gives you base knowledge from where you can start applying DL.
Excellent - A nice balance of moving quickly through the most important concepts while providing good pointers for those who want to dig deeper.
Great course!I found many errata and mismatches of time sync in English transcripts. Please fix them.I think Andrew's speaking is a little fast.
I love Andrew's course very much. Thank you for the hard work on helping more people get the opportunity to reach the latest tech in this field.
An excellent course by Prof.Ng.It builds on and dives deep into the Neural Networks module in his first course-Introduction to Machine Learning.
Great introductory-level course! Thank you, Andrew and all the people being involved in the creation of that course, you are doing a great work!
Very helpful and explained in a wonderful way. Thank you soo much for creating this course and making complex calculations simpler to understand
I just love it so muchIt builds your concepts about Neural Network step by step, so at the end you can get a deep understanding of Deep Learning
It is very useful course for Deep Learning beginners ! I learnt how to implement NN model with forward propagation, back propagation using numpy
Almost finishing course nr 2 now, and really like it. The coursera website and its services are quite primitive, but luckily the content is good
Great basic overview of neural networks and better from scratch implementations that I have seen in any other course.Cheers for the amazing work
Excellent Lectures with hands-on approach. Practice Assignments help a lot to improve practical knowledge and how to apply Deep Neural Networks
This course provides a good intuition of neural networks. It really helps a beginner to learn the basics and implementation of neural networks.
They have done an amazing job in making the course optimal for learning new concepts. Assignments are perfectly designed, and not discouraging.
very great course i learned a lot and enjoyed it a lot more I just hoped i knew more about mathematical computation and what it does in details
A very interesting course to develop and build a strong foundation for deep learning...The course material is awesome and well designed. Thanks
Much Needed Course for someone who is dedicated and passionate towards Deep Learning..ThankYou Coursera team and a big thanks to Andrew NG Sir.
Thanks Andrew for an intuitive introduction to neural nets and deep learning. The interviews with the heroes of deep learning was a nice touch.
This course help me know more about multiple layer neural network. There's still a question .How to decide how many deep layer should I choose.
Great starting course on neural networks, with in-depth explanations and nice coding exercises for neural networks implementation from scratch!
The lecture and materials were very organized. I found it very easy to follow. I am looking forward to the next courses of this specialization.
Andrew explains all the topics really well. This course gave me an in-depth understanding of how a neural network works and the math behind it.
I must say it was as in-depth as I needed to create a strong knowledge baseline. Now it will be way easier to dive into articles and textbooks!
Highly phocused on implementing deep learning (neural networks trainning) from scratch. Nice because I never had taken in detail this approach.
Excellent course. Understood the concept as well as assignments were very helpful to understand step by step workflow of entire neural network.
Super clear, easy to follow along, but at the same time with enough detail to fully understand the basics of neural networks and deep learning.
Felt like the python code was given to us too often. Would have been tougher but more learning if there was less help in the code and comments.
This a great course for a beginner in Machine Learning. All minor points clearly explained and the assignments are effective tool for learning.
The concepts are very clearly explained. As I did Machine Learning by Stanford University before this course, I can understand this way better.
Liked this course videos and exercises. It is designed in such a way that if any body has patience to learn he can learn .Thanks for the course
Awesome for the beginners who want to learn Deep Learning basics. Nicely organized course with deeper insights and good takeaways regarding DL.
This is the best AI course. AI is not easy to study but by having Mr Ng guidance, he makes the course better with clear and practical examples.
Professor Andrew does a great job at explaining the mathematic intuitions behind how neural networks work which is something important to know.
Awesome introduction to deep learning and the assignments really help me understand the gist of setting up and running a deep learning analysis
This course was awesome and thank you detail and essential lecture. It is very helpful to understand the basic structure of the neural network.
The course content is really great.  Assignments have taught me so much. I actually feel confident now to build my Neural Network from scratch.
An extremely well structured course for beginners. Did not need any prerequisites and the concepts are explained in the most simple of manners.
Extremely solid math foundations to understand the inner workings on Nnets and exciting assignments that provide with useful and reusable code.
It is a wonderful course. Professor Andrew Ng truly is the best. I liked Andrew's style, I liked everything, and the interviews are just great!
The course is well established and the content is easy to understand. I love the assignments as they are very interesting as well as intuitive.
Very clear mathematical explanation. Projects are very well organized and are very helpful for understanding the realization of neural network.
I found it to be a nice transitioning course from "Machine Learning" to "Neural Networks". A very good course for beginners in neural networks.
thorough explanation of basic concepts, interesting programming assignments. Now I feel that with this knowledge foundation I can move forward!
It's a good start for thoes have a interest in deep learning and wish to build their deep learning project as an image classifier step by step.
If you want to learn Deep Learning from scratch my suggestion Coursera. Thank you very much Andrew Ng sir. Anyone can understand your lectures.
All the topics are well explained. The programming exercises are topic oriented so you will not waste lot of your time writing peripheral code.
Andrew is an incredible professor, I followed the initial machine learning course few years ago, and this one is as good as expected.Great job!
I had a lot of doubts on neural networks before joining the course, but after now I am much better at conceptual as well as practical problems.
Thanks a lot, Dr. Andrew, and your team. After this course, I gain a clear understanding of the BP neural network both in intuition and theory.
Great course. Really well explained. Clear and powerful teaching.Assignment environment a little harder than that of machine learning course...
Great course. The matrix dimensions and notations would have been very hard to understand had this course not been designed properly. Loved it!
The course provides useful knowledge about neural networks. It also teaches how to create simple neural networks by using Python numpy package.
Covers the ideas behind deep leaning algorithms in a very accessible way. Just the right amount of hand-holding to help you through the basics.
Good Course for Deep Learning enthusiast and recommended for those who are new to this course and want to learn and get insight into this area.
Excellent course, highly recommended for beginners. There is some space for making it perfect by adding a little bit more mathematical details.
Quite possibly the best online course I've ever taken. Starts a bit quickly, but it does settle at a very comfortable pace. Highly recommended.
It's very detailed description and practice of all steps through NN learning  process.  It gave me good knowledge of back-propogation technics.
Very professional instructor with a great will and motivation to help you with understanding of the material. Wonderfull introductional course!
This course is excelent..!!  It ranges from mathematical concepts to programming and implementation..!  Very complete..!!  100% recommended..!!
Really easy to understand. Gives a clear, complete intuition & understanding of Neural Networks. A great place to start studying Deep Learning.
Very informative and inspirational! Recommended for anyone who wants to gain a basic understanding of the mechanics of AI and Machine Learning.
Efficient course with step-by-step explanation and also grateful for Heroes of Deep Learning. Thank a lot to Professor Andrew Ng and Coursera.
A very good style of teaching. I, though a computer science student, started it from scratch and now I feel confident about my Ph.D. entrance.
because of too much math sometimes its difficult to understand. but i know math is necessary for this course. also assignment's was very good.
Excellent . Everything was explained from the basics. The assignments were self-contained - they had all the formulas one needs to complete it
Andrew Ng is the real OP professor. The way he teaches is inspiring. The programing assignments provides seamless experience while exercising.
This course was absolutely awesome.. but felt could have been more elaborate while explaining some of the topics and how to use them actually!
This is awesome course I took last couple of months. It really helped me to understand basic fundamentals of Neural Network and Deep Learning.
I am really getting confidence that now i can put deep learning in my resume without any hesitation, all thanks to Andrew Ng Sir and Coursera.
It's a really good course, I can understad a lot of concepts thay your hear everywhere but  it isn't clear what it is. And Andrew is the best.
A highly recommended course to get started with Deep learning. I really enjoyed learning and motivated to continue with the specialization. :)
i think this is the best course out there for those whom are just starting and want to take their carrer in that direction...really great work
Some programming assignments code bugs and please fix that ASAP. Course content and the approach to teach are awesome. Totally worth the time!
The course content is taught very nicely. Building neural network from logistic regression, vectorization - these topics are covered smoothly.
It was detailed and got a very good understanding of the basics. Programming exercises were very helpful to understand the concept much better
I appreciate the way we are helped to understands how things works.Strong background is needed to understand and succeed.Thank you very much !
Best ML course I have taken. Would appreciate going deeper into calculus and linear algebra, but it's not necessary to understand the subject.
It is sufficiently challenging that requires critical thinking however not too difficult that the answer cannot be found..even for a beginner!
Really impressive courses about deep learning and I'm grateful that coursera enables us to learn so much even I barely know anything about ML.
It was all that I expected and much more. The interviews with the exceptional deep learning researchers was an amazing addition to the course.
An excellent introduction to deep learning. It would be better if complete derivation of certain derivatives in back propagation is explained.
I enjoyed learning from professor Ng's. the course is well-organized and deep learning can't be more easy and understandable than this course.
Assignments are challenging and explanations are very clear. I recommend having some background in Machine Learning/python but not compulsory.
Excellent introduction with the right level of depth and mathematical rigor. This sets up a great foundation for deep learning. Thanks Andrew!
The course is good for anyone who wants to get an intuition on Neural Networks. Andrew Ng is a good instructor - explanations are really good.
Very good starting point for deep learning specialization. The assignments should be made more challenging than serving everything on a plate.
Well-structured course. Above expectation. Not an easy course but one should be able to catch up after reviewing the lecture notes and videos.
I found the course to be very well-paced with modules of increasing difficulty both in the theory course work and the programming assignments.
It is so interesting a course that I almost stop my pace to learn.At last I successfully classify a cat picture,I feel very happy and excited.
Easy to follow. However, I find it a little very basic. It is much simpler than the Machine Learning course. The learning cycle is very short.
Amazing course for setting the foundations right.Highly recommended.Big thanks to Dr. Andrew Ng - it was a beautiful learning experience ever.
The course is presented in a very intuitive step-by-step manner to the student. This approach is helpful for the beginners in Neural Networks.
I rate this course 5/5 because the materials are easy to follow and the examples presented were very useful in explaining the concepts taught.
I have taken some DL courses earlier but easily  this is one of the best course. Andrew NG nailed it. Awesome! Expecting more courses from him
Really helpful and easy to understand course. I'd recommend this course to anyone who would like to have a nice introduction to deep learning.
Super! Very deeply and simply understands each topic. I have been working for a year in machine learning and this is exactly what was missing.
I learned so much. Thank you yet again for being so extremely phenomenal coursera and thank you for being so great at teaching dear Andrew Ng!
Perfect for me, provided in depth knowledge of how things work, rather than just the usage of functions. Andrew NG is the best professor ever.
Very engaging and easy to understand! I loved the interviews as they pointed me towards subjects to search in deep learning and AI in general.
Great introduction to deep learning, of all the resources I've come across this has been the best for someone like me who is just starting out
One of the Best Deep learning courses on all platform and specially the expertise of the professor in simplifying the material in unparalleled
This is very useful course for any machine learning researcher !it will provide you with massive knowledge in neural network and deep learning
Best introduction and intuition for deep neural nets! Very much appreciate the work by Andrew Ng and his team on promoting deep learning tech!
A gentle, easily understandable introduction to Deep Learning which does not overlook the basic maths, but makes it simple and very practical.
Great Course to understand the basics of neural network and deep learning, especially the essentials of forward path and backward propagation.
The course gives a very clear explanation of neural networks. Learnt a lot related to neural networks and deep learning. Thank you Coursera!!
I'm new to deep learning and it felt great about learning the basics of deep learning. I understood all the information, it is well explained
This course is very useful for my research work. I will study further courses in this outline.Thank you so much, Dr. Andrew Ng and his teams.
It's really quite an amazing course where we get to learn the mathematics behind the Neural Networks and learn how to create our own network.
Excellent Introduction to the implementation of deep learning models and systematic approach using helper functions. Great platform to learn.
I have a feeling that this course could be a bit more challenging. It doesn't mean that i am not happy i could learn the stuff included here.
Programming exercises was really wonderful. Gave you much confident on the subject. The way the programming exercises are created was awesome
Excellent! Step by step build-up knowledge and implementaion experience on neural network from shallow neural network to deep neural network.
It is a wonderful course. Got all my basics cleared with the easiest explanation methods.Thank You Andrew Sir for your incomparable guidance.
great course (1) concise and precise introduction to deep learning (2) useful programming skills (3) excellent designs of the code structure.
Great Course. Gives very good and basic knowledge of Neural Networks and their working mechanism. Learnt a lot from this course. Thank you...
Well explained with just the right amount of handholding for complete newcomers. I will definitely recommend it to my friends and colleagues!
Excellent course, although the programming exercises could be a bit more challenging (e.g. less hints, more freedom in the graded functions).
Thank you all. I love Coursera. Andrew is one of the greatest teachers I've met. I've got what I want to learn from the course. Thanks again.
This is a really interesting course. The way Andrew explains the course is simple yet amazing. Looking forward to finish this specializaition
Amazing course and content to have at everyone disposal, incredible work, and amazing course. Thanks a lot and congrats as always, Andrew NGs
It was a great course, having prior experience with Deep learning made the course much like puzzle solving and enlightening at certain parts!
Great introduction to deep learning, and phyton, thanks to excellent video lectures in combination with the supervised programming exercises.
Another good course by Andrew Ng and his team. Excellent presentation and flow information. Very good means of presenting course assignments.
Enjoyed learning the core concepts behind neural networks, the raw calculations. Learning about RELU and Leaking RELU was new and insightful.
Once again a fantastic course by Andrew Ng! It is a gift to be able to explain complex things in such a clear fashion. On to the next course.
I learned basic idea of Neural Networks and Deep Leaning step by step. It's important to understand data structure by trying to code example.
Good for learning basic informations about deep neural networks.It does not requires deep mathematical skills, describes very intuitive ways.
Course is awesome. I have learned a lot of new things throughout the course. It helped me to learn how neural networks work in Deep Learning.
very good course. well-prepared videos and assignments. although I'm already familiar with many stuffs of these course, I still learned a lot
Its a very good course for those who want to learn to code a neural network from scratch. The concepts are explained in a very simple manner.
The lessons are pretty good for beginners to learn neural network quikly.And I gain a good understanding of the neural network.Thanks a lot!!
A fantastic introduction to deep learning. The programming exercises were the key to understanding good neural net implementation techniques.
The practical exercises are the major takeaway from this Neural Network and Deep Learning course. Looking forward to for further enrichments.
Nicely organized course. Easy to understand. The programming task is well structured. Strongly recommend for anyone who starts deep learning.
I liked it as much as Andrew's course on ML. The programming exercises are perhaps a bit too easy and too guided, but that's a minor problem.
This course will help you learn to implement DNN in simple and easy way which other wise would be confusing and difficult thing to implement.
Clearly presented in the videos, and the jupyter-hub system is much better than the older way of doing the assignments! Much more convenient.
Easy explanation on the math behind deep learning, step by step implementation allow easy implementation without struggling to find a bug,...
This is a fantastic course about deep learning. I would say from this course, I finally understand how backward propagation works. Great job!
The lessons are really easy to follow and understand, it's has been really great being a part of this course so far and I have learned a lot.
Nice instruction from Andrew Ng! I have some experience with Deep learning, and I still learned a lot of new ideas and tips from this course!
Good Start ! The way Course as build and course structure is great. Thanks to Andrew Ng for assessing and made topic clear. Looking forward.
jupyter notebooks are the best. very pratical way to learn and see for your self the results, and most importantly, debug your own mistakes.
I'm quite impressive this course because professor talk clearly about concept;even though he speak in an undertone, and assignment is great.
The best ever, even if you can't completely internalize the Maths behind, you can definitely understand the intuitions behind each algorithm
It's a really great course for learning because it teaches you step by step with a lot of examples and good assigments. I really enjoyed it.
This course is just perfect as one could develop broad concept in machine learning's deep learning. Excellent instructor and course content.
Even though it is online mode, I feel the instructor is teaching in normal class. Hats off to Coursera for providing such a wonderful course
An Awesome course which has deep backend working with regards to Matematical Modelling and Great Programming Assignments for Implementation.
Great course. The explanation is very elaborate, gives intuition behind the complex math equations. Perfect start to Deep Learning. Amazing!
Very useful even for people with low level in maths. However, I would have prefered that Convolution NN was included in this course. Thanks.
Fun introduction to neural networks. Worth going through the calculus derivations to remind yourself where the back-prop formulas come from.
Very well organized course. I think that the questions could be harder and that the assignments should requiere more effort to be completed.
This is a very informative course, and compared to the machine learning course, I found the notation clearer and code more convenient to use
The best teaching methodology i have ever came across. Andrew Ng's style of teaching is astonishing.Great job compiling this specialization.
Excellent!, with enough chances to practice the code. Right amount of content and paste.I would suggest to add more optional code exercises.
Very challenging course. Smoothly explained every difficult concepts by Andrew Ng (sir). He is really a great teacher and concept explainer.
Andrew Ng is even more powerful than ultra instinct Shaggy. He made Calculus, LinAlg and Deep Learning easy, and changed my life. Danke gut!
Through this course, i have learnt and visualized neural network mathematically. This course is the best course for deep learning beginners.
Great course. Sir starts from basics , so one has not to worry about prerequisites. Must have course for anyone interested in Deep Learning.
Excellent course!  Really helped solidify concepts that I was having trouble grasping from other courses.  Looking forward to the next ones!
Another wonderful course taught by Andrew Ng! The content is all about artificial neural network. It may seem too easy for advanced learner.
Nice, easy to understand implementation way of teaching makes learner grasp Backward Propagation algorithm in depth. Thanks Andrew and Team.
The concept of back-propagation was explained splendidly well. There is no other course which will provide you with such strong fundamentals
Besides a few issues with the last lab, the course is really good.  Andrew likes to repeat important points which really makes them sink in.
Every detail in the course is amazing, although I would have loved if the instructors would recommend books to read or having better slides.
Highly recommend to anyone who wants to study AI. You will learn many things in the course and build your solid foundation of deep learning.
The course content is awesome . It really provides the in-depth knowledge of intricacies of the essential mechanism of Deep Neural Network .
I always look to coursera when I want to have a stronger theoretical understanding of a given topic.  Per the usual, they didn't disappoint!
Very simplified. Which is a good thing also, but in my opinion, we could get more from the course if the assignments weren't so lightweight.
Excellent course! Great content, very instructive videos,  and the assignments help a lot understanding the concepts and the implementation.
Very good introduction to the topic, superb structuring of the programming assignments, especially in week 4. Thank you and congratulations!
I learned all the basics of neural network and how to built a multi-layer neural network without having much background on computer science.
Awesome course, Andrew Ng teaching is so good, and the way he linked math, concept, and programming help learner to understand very easily.
The explanation had gone step-by-step and is very easy to understand. The assignment was also a good example to increase the understanding.
I do not think that any one can teach the concepts of Deep Learning as good as Andrew NG. Hands down, the best tutor in this field. Period.
I had already taken a course on neural networks earlier in college but this course explained concepts in a more clear and concrete fashion.
This course is awesome.  Mainly the video content and programming exercises are mindblowing.I become a fan for Andrew Ng's way of teaching.
The content is well defined and it will be helpful for any beginners. By learning this course we can implement our own Deep Neural Network.
The course material helped me a lot review what I have learned in university about machine learning fundamentals with detailed information.
Andrew NG does a brilliant job. note that there are few prerequisites required which werent explicitly mentioned, but still it was worth it
I really learnt a lot from this course. Knowing the concepts vaguely vs learning-with-hands-on, there is a sea of difference. Thanks a ton.
I have learned enough intuition of how deep neural networks  work behind the scenes.I am really thankful to my fabulous lecturer Andrew Ng.
I really liked this course. All the stuff that seemed to me so difficult, here had been explained in the clearest way possible!  Well done!
I really enjoy the course and previously i train model using as a black box today i really understand what under the hood of neural network
This is the one and only course which made me fully understand the basics of deep learning and Neural Networks. Many thanks to Dr.Andrew Ng
Solid theory of neural networks, precise practice to confirm ideas and ever focused in the target of the course. I like so much. Thanks! :)
One of the greatest experiences I ever had in learning and mastering a whole new skill. So many thanks to both Coursera and deeplearning.ai
It was a great course and I learnt a lot. But I think the exercise assignments could be better. I mean I could understand data set as well.
This was a very good introduction to Deep Learning and really challenges you to understand concepts and implementation for Neural Networks.
Very useful to grasp the fundamentals ideas of Neural Networks and Deep Learning. Infact, the scripts are useful to be used for other data.
I got introduced to the field of Artificial intelligence using this course and it was one of the best thing happened to me since long time.
very much so enjoyed following along with the basic building blocks of Nueral Networks and how we can start to apply them to deep learning!
it's recommended for all the new people who interested to know  how deep learning works , best course to getting started with deep learning
it provides you with strong fundamentals of deep learning. This course has the perfect combination of a theoretical part and practical part
Brilliant course by Prof. Ng. He breaks down the concepts in a way that absolutely anybody can understand whats going on behind the scenes.
Great course and content!The way of teaching is extraordinary and the exercises are really helpful for understanding the concepts in depth.
A great course, where a had the opportunity to learning in the simple way the basis to implement a neural network and a deep neural network
Its a must course if someone has the understand the complex concepts of Neural Network and if someone has to make a future in Deep Learning
The notebooks are excellent (although they hold your hand a little_ and the concepts thoroughly explained through the videos. Great course.
This course makes Deep Learning look like a piece of cake! I really enjoyed taking this course. A wonderful experience, highly recommended.
Great Course, much clear than machine learning Stanford course.  As always Andrew Ng is a great teacher.  Great too, the python homework’s.
This is the best course for deep learning , artificial neural networks basic and for hands on python implementation of deep learning models
I really enjoyed this course, the level of the details and the comments over the notebook helped me so much to understand the process more.
I love this course and especially enjoy the way Andrew teaches the required concepts. Thank you, cant wait to finish the subsequent courses
Another great course from Andrew. The lectures shows Neuro Network in a very clear and concise way. Lots of fun to learn. Thank you Andrew.
Very well explained and just the right pace to keep the learning curve steep. A fantastic introductory course in this super exciting topic.
Prof. Andrew Ng is the best AI teacher!The exercises are really helpful for me to get a handle on DNN. Looking forward for the next course.
Great introduction to deep learning, at a slow paced and with constant repetition of the concepts to ensure knowledge retention. I loved it
An excellent introduction to Deep Learning. I was surprised by how well the course was structured and how much I was able to get out of it.
teaching was good but i am facing lots of problem during the submitting assignment bcz some of library will not supporting to run with code
Absolutely fantastic introduction to deep learning. I'd recommend taking Mathematics for Machine Learning by Imperial College London first.
Excellent starting point for those who wish to learn about deep learning. And good revision for those who know about already deep learning.
Needs linear algebra and a bit of calculus background to understand concepts. Videos and exercises are very good in constructing knowledge.
Simply awesome.  All concepts are thoroughly explained so that it easy to see what is happening in  mysterious and complex neural networks.
very good introduction of deep learning and neural network, which i gain enough knowledge to understand the algorithm behind neural network
This course is very good and useful for me, i reviewed the learned knowledge from this first part of this class. Thanks for the instructor!
Pretty intuitive and friendly to beginners!A great choice for newbies who are ready to learn about DL and also helpful for experienced one!
very good course to learn deep learning, it is not very theoretic, however, more from an engineering approach. I would definitely recommend
Excellent course, highly recommended for those who intend to understand the practices and fundamentals of neural networks and deep learning
Very interesting and informative course. Andrew Ng is very encouraging teacher. I'll try to go through all 5 courses of this specialization
Great course on Neural Networks.  ipython notebooks is a great way to learn - immediate feedback on each function as you are completing it.
Brilliant! Andrew explained the concepts very well, and always gave the answer of "why". You don't have to be lost in gigantic mathematics.
Very clear explanations in video and programming exercises. Concise. Fun and well setup programming exercises. Great! I have learned a lot.
This is a very useful and easy to understand course. Although I think most content is very similar to the previous Machine Learning course.
Amazing insights into Neural Networks and Deep Learning. I think this is a must course for anyone embarking on NN / Deep Learning journey.
the course is awesome with the cool teaching style of prof.ng and it will more helpful if more concepts  be covered for programming aspect
excellent course. i would say this course has a very proper difficulty and good homework assignment. Learned quite a lot from this course.
Amazing course. You learn the basics and the mathematics of neural networks while also learning how to implement the fundamentals in code.
The course was incredible, all the fundamentals were well taught and the cat recognizer application was really interesting and motivating.
Nice course. But I don't like the fact that most of the code is already there. I mean, I would like to do all this by myself from scratch.
A great dive-in, well adjusted for both people completely new to the field of machine learning and professionals in other scientific areas
I got my very basics of Neural Net and Deep Learning. And I'll suggest it to everyone who is starting their journey towards deep learning.
It is a great course with a great teacher. I am thankful for being your student mr. Andrew NG. Wish you a success in your future projects.
Great course. I also recommend the course "Machine Learning" by Andrew Ng, I think this course goes more deep in neural networks concepts.
I hope this course was the starting point of my career in artificial intelligence field.Thanks a lot to everyone who prepared this course.
Helped me immensely to understand the backpropagation algorithm and implement a neural network with backpropagation learning from scratch.
I was learning about deep learning randomly, this curse gave me some overview those are very useful in case of understanding the concepts.
This is really a good course to start with your deep learning. It provides basics and some useful hacks for python implementation as well.
This is an amazing introductory course to Neural Networks, I really enjoyed it and I hope to also enjoy the rest of the specialization. :)
I had so many doubts before taking this course. I am grateful to the entire team of coursera and deeplearning.ai for this course. AWESOME!
Brilliant introductory course to get started. Provides a solid foundation and all the mathematical nitty-gritties have been explained well
I am just a beginner in the Machine Learning field and Andrew's course was really very helpful in kickstarting my knowledge in this field.
The course is carefully designed. Hard concepts are repeated in many different ways so eventually I get it. Thanks for the great teaching!
Great course that will help you build from scratch the python code for a deep neural network. Its a great way to understand how they work!
The programming is particularly excellent! Putting all the theory just learnt to the real code, It's so exciting and It has a great snese.
Great content! Thanks again, Andrew Ng and the rest of the crew for helping people all over the world!Best regards, LucasSao Paulo, Brazil
Excellent introduction to Deep learning and neural networks. I really enjoyed the course, can't wait to finish up the remaining 4 courses.
The basic logic of deep learning is explained in an easy-to-understand manner, and I think it will be very useful when creating it myself.
I really loved this course. Andrew so patiently explained each and every concept which I would have never found in another other tutorial.
This course is like a good movie, you can continue without getting every aspect at first, but it gets clearer and clearer towards the end.
Great course for beginners/intermediate level DNN enthusiasts. Prof. Andrew has such a nice/simple way of explaining these complex topics.
Tremendous class, covers all the material in detail! Highly recommended to anyone who wants to get into neural networks and deep learning.
Best and most well structured approach towards the fundamentals of building a deep neural network and then actually applying it in python3
I love this course. I learned a lot and I am ready to build my neural network models. I hope I could learn more by taking the next course!
Starts with the basics and subtly dives into tough concepts. Great programming exercises which helps you to strengthen your core concepts.
While debugging is a pain without unit tests or a debugger, the simplicity of the code makes it much more understandable than using Octave
Its a wonderful course  from Course Era,Thankful for all, especially Andrew and all others who worked for this and a very helpful mentors.
This course covers basic tools of deep learning.Course framework and projects are well structured. Great course to start off Deep learning
This course changed my perspective towards machine learning. Now I set the vision to look into the data science and modeling the analysis.
Fascinating subject with tremendous potential. Professor Andrew Ng's passion for the subject and desire to share the knowledge comes thru.
Andrew Ng developed a very thorough and challenging course.  Learn NN's from the bottom up!  I'm looking forward to the series of courses.
Excellent course in the sense that students can have hands-on experience in implementing actually multi-layer networks on really data set.
Clear explanations and content updated for Python programming. Exceptional material as the original "Machine Learning" course on Coursera.
Great class! I also learned things my calculus teacher never taught or was super unclear about.  Well worth your time if you invest in it.
What a course explained by Andrew sir, It was like a movie step by step they teach you and it keeps on increasing your interest till end.
It helped me to understand the neural networks and deep learning both theoretically and practically! I learned a lot. Highly recommended.
Very structured and focused on the key concepts and doesn't bog down the student with additional python stuff that one can simply google.
The course has been charted out perfectly , and is very easy for beginners as well as those have a basic knowledge about neural networks.
Very well explained. A little bit repetitive, good to really understand it but sometimes too much that gets confusing. Very good overall.
I 'd really like professor's explanation of the neural network and the way he presented it .  It ' s completely clear and easy to follow.
useful course for beginners to understand and implement multi layer neural networks for classification and also learn the math behind it.
This course helps to get in depth knowledge. These days there are lots of  libraries available , but nothing can beat in depth knowledge.
The clear way in which Professor Andrew explains complicated concepts is what makes this course amazing apart from its excellent content.
Excellent teaching. Prof. Andrew has been brilliant and quite pedantic about what he is teaching. Looking forward to next set of courses.
Inspite of my less coding experience , this course taught me how to build deep neural network in a very elegant manner. Enjoyed learning!
Great material and assignments are truly well prepared.Andrew Ng has yet again done an amazing job in this course. I highly recommend it!
This is a course explains and lets you get hands-on experience with the basics and fundamentals of Neural Networks. A must for beginners.
What a great teacher Mr. Andrew NG is! Coursera's learning UI and Jupyter platform for coding are two significantly good things about it.
This course do me a big favor to know about the deep neural network, I also appied the CNN course to learn more about the neural network.
Hands on experience in building a neural network made me feel completely in control and gave me the right confidence i was searching for.
THE BEST COURSE FOR INTRODUCTION TO AND HANDS ON NEURAL NETWORKS APP DEVELOPMENT !!!THANK YOU ANDREW NG & ALL THE MEMBERS OF COURSERA !!!
Good material and a great explanation for the beginners. I really recommend this course for anyone who wants to start with deep learning.
I found the course really useful in order to strengthen my knowledge of Deep Learning. Now, I can claim that I understand NN intuitively.
Very clear and educative. Not deep in the math but gives the intuition and one can explore further in internet if interested. Bravíssimo.
The lecture presentation by Andrew Ng is so good to watch too. The divided exercise module makes it easy to understand. So far so good :)
Really happy to finally understand the foundations of DL. Once again Andrew Ng is able to make us learn in a fun a very intuitive manner.
A truly awesome course that taught the concepts and practice of Neural Network in a logical manner that is easy to follow and learn from.
Very Good .But the training set image  dimension was hard to understand .many have doubts on it but mentors are clarifying it so it helps
Excellent introduction and fantastic practical exercises. The structure of the complex course makes it easy to understand and feels good.
This course is very important to improve your knowledge. It makes you to clearly understand a basic of Neural Networks and Deep Learning.
Very nice and explanatory. best part is coding is in python unlike other course. Looking forward to other courses of this specialisation.
This was the best course I have ever gone through. The assignments where so helpful in understanding the concepts in a pretty good depth.
Excellent course for the beginners in deep learning. It covers all the necessary basics and details of neural networks and deep learning.
Excellent introduction to neural networks and deep learning. I'm looking forward to taking the next course. Thank you Prof. Ng and all!!!
Very detailed lecture and efficiently organized programming exercises. A very nice course for people entering the field of deep learning.
Best course to learn neural networks. It has everything you'll need to learn about neural networks and deep learning. Liked it very much.
This course is really amazing, perfect step by step path. I'd like to thank you deeplearning.ai and Cousrera to providing quality content
This course really help me get a close look at neural netwok, make me better understand underlying logic behind this wonderful mechanism,
Andrew is always a great teacher, presenting complex concepts clearly. The programming assignments are well designed and helpful. Thanks.
The instructor does a great job in explaining the concepts and intuitions of deep learning, and the programming exercises are intriguing.
The course gives a general and primary view of Neural Network really really well. It also explains and gives details about Deep Learning.
The course is very helpful. One suggestion is to include more material on the back propagation derivation. This material can be optional.
Lecturer gives a clear introduction to how neural networks can be built step by step. Recommended for those who are new to deep learning.
Good introduction to deep learning, even if you are already familiar with the basics. The assignments could be a little more challenging.
Well explained. I really enjoy that the course focuses on the concept, main idea of neural network, instead of coding. Thank you so much!
course really helps you to understand how neural network works and its a great start for someone who wants to dive deep into Neural nets.
it is a very helpful course who does not have any prior knowledge of deep learning and The Professor explains very nicely. He is awesome.
Great refresher of what I learned in college 10 years ago, plus Andrew Ng does an excellent job pointing out what has changed since then.
Very helpful introduction to Neural Networks and Deep Learning. Assignments and quizzes are very good to help understand the course well.
Very good explanation on building your neural network architecture, covered all the basic and advance level concept in simplified manner.
This course gave me a preliminary understanding of the AI, which laid a solid foundation for my further study of AI. Thank you very much！
I really enjoyed this course and the way the subject has been presented in the materials. Looking forward to completing the whole series.
It covers everything that a beginners course should cover. The ideas are explained in a clear and concise way. The material was engaging.
I understood the deep learning exactly through this course. Tutoring matrials, quiz and programming assignment is very nice for studying.
To the point, low level Deep learning implementation (code wise). Deep enough theoretical background for enterprise knowledge application
It is a good course that really takes all the complexity away from Machine Learning and breaks things down into easily digestible chunks.
Awesome course by Andrew Ng and Team. Will recommend this for my colleagues too. Expecting more such courses from Coursera and Andrew Ng.
Very useful courses for students with machine learning fundamentals are relatively simple. The best course in introductory deep learning.
Great course, I really love the mathematic depth, which allows you to really understand what is happening when building a neural network.
Excellent introduction to Deep Neural Network. Professor Andrew Ng is outstanding: his explanations are crystal clear and easy to follow.
Great course! I've waited for it for a year, after I had completed Machine Learning course by Andrew Ng. Thanks a lot for your great job!
Excellent introduction to deep learning. I have taken various courses available on the interwebs, and this was by far the most intuitive.
This is really good course, and the intuitions are really helpful. The way it's progressing is elegant and assignments are right in place
Nice course about the concept of deep learning. And it's assignment codes' format is well-organized. It is worth to study the code style.
Thanks for your course, Mr Andrew. It's very useful and easy to understanding, I will try to learn complete Deep Learning Specialization
Fantastic as ever! I really like Prof. Ng's methods of teaching, how he structures the course, examples and the programming assignments.
This is the best course for beginners and the trainer andrew ng's teaching id very understandable to even who is not much good at coding
All the concepts are clearly explained patiently. I definitely would recommend this course to anyone who wants to explore deep learning.
I have gained deeper understanding of Neural Network , Forward and Backward propagation by this and I also implemented them in python :D
I learned a lot from this course which helped to make my concepts clearer and have a better understanding of the topic. Thank You Prof.!
In this class, the teacher spoke very easy to understand, and thank you very much，Teacher Andrew Ng. Ihave benefited a lot in this class
An amazing experience with neural network, This was one of my dream course. I hope, It help me to findgood carrier opurtunity in future.
Undoubtedly one of the finest courses of the era. It is a go-to course if you want to build your foundations and enter this field of AI.
very good courses to grab the basics of neural networks and deep learning. quite useful of demo codes in the course. highly recommended.
Thanks Coursera and Andrew for providing this valuable content and knowledge. Very much excited about this specialisation. Thanks again.
Carefully designed lectures and materials. Anyone and everyone could really understand what is being taught, maybe it is Andrew's magic.
The course is well structured and very easy to learn.  However, more programming assignments and real world projects should be included.
Despite of the high level the contents it gives a clear vision to start from scratch in machine learning. I highly recommend the course.
Exceptional Course, the teacher is really clear in the videos, really capable of simplify complexity, also keeping lectures interesting.
Really approachable intro to deep NNs. The Jupyter Notebook homeworks are just the right level of depth for initial hands-on experience.
Great introduction. Videos are great, Andrew Ng is great and the assignments are very well structured and easy to follow and learn from.
Thank you for providing the course. Although I had a problem in submitting my assignment once, I appreciate this course. It helps a lot.
Nice course with good guidance from basics to advanced level. Excellent course for beginners.All u need is passion and patience to learn
inasanely useful for understanding details of backpropagation and linear-activation derivatives. In a word, it is time-and-effor worthy.
The course materials are amazing and I loved the fact that it is designed to challenge newly learned concepts in an approachable manner.
Thank you, Andrew!Thoughtfully organized course, gives a strong grasp of what neural networks are.It was a pleasure to take this course.
Great Course, Easy to follow, practice questions and weekly assignments really help to get a better understanding of the course material
The explanation is very clear and inspiring, and it would be better if the course could provide PDF version note for later reference. :)
The course is well structured, there is no need of software installation and gives good examples how to use the knowledge into practice.
This course gave me intimate understanding of neural network introduction. Now I can visualize the data and how it flows through the NN.
The course content itself is great. I would only include some references to external material like books and papers, and also add notes.
I am grateful to have this done. I have sense now how to build the NN and knowledge behind forward, backward and learning rate methods.
This course is no less that excellent! Every lesson is carefully crafted to enhance your understanding and encourage you to keep going.
Great Course for beginners of Deep Learning, You will learn a lot of now things and assignments were the effective part of this course.
This course covers most of the basics of Deep Learning. Thanks to all teachers. Very well defined course content. The learning is easy.
Great course, every corner is covered in this and the math applied behind the backpropagation is clear now i.e how to apply chain rule.
Andrew Ng is one of the most exceptional teachers one can have if one aspires to have a comprehensive understanding of neural networks.
This course covers the fundamentals like maths,vectorisation etc which are very important in developing the intuition for deep learning
Assignments and the way of explaining the topics are excellent . It gave me great interest to do more on deep learning.thanks, Coursera
Extremely good specialization for beginners. Only the Backpropagation of L-layers was difficult to part. The rest was taught very well.
Great respect for Prof. Andrew and the team for all the effort they have put in designing the course and the specialisation. Thank you.
The best Teaching style I have ever seen. Great explanation, better concept. Thanks, Coursera for providing such an exceptional course.
It was a very well designed course. Everything is ordered in such a manner so that learners can build on top of the previous learnings.
Designing neural nets from bottom rather than directly jumping to libraries provided much intuition and knowledge of behind the scenes.
Excellent course.  Lectures were at a level that the material was understandable.  The programming exercises tested understanding well.
The best introductory course for the neural networks and the course has been designed very well.Thank you so much deeplearning.ai team.
This was a great course, I really enjoyed implementing everything in numpy and understanding a bit of the maths behind neural networks.
They can try and make some assignments openended, as most of them are spoonfed. apart from this, the quality of the material is amazing
This is a great introductory course to neural networks. The programming exercises are very addictive. Better than my college classes!!!
Very comprehensive overview of neural networks and the logic behind for both categories of data scientists, students and professionals.
I Get the base knowledge of the deep learning.It's a little sad the model recognized my dog as a cat.I should learn more about the CNN.
Very interesting course explaining the bases of deep learning in an accesible manner. Looking forward to course 2 in the specialisation
Just love how its taught. Deep Learning was never this easy to learn. Makes concepts so easy to understand and remember. Outstanding :)
Very well documented, and usually easy to follow. The projects were fairly easy, especially in terms of how they value time commitment.
It was very hands on practice course with very detailed explanation on each topic for the basic neural networks to deep neural notworks
What an amazing course and an amazing instructor! Learned the foundations very well. Looking forward to the rest of the specialization.
Strongly recommend this course for people who want to learn deep learning. Andrew Ng did a great job to explain things from inside out.
I have found the format to be very well balanced and Dr. Ng to be an excellent instructor. Thank you so much for putting this together!
I think the material was great and easy for beginners. I would like a more complicated and challenging assignments. I loved thed course
This is first course i have completed. It wonderful and very helpful.Hope this course help me to break onto AI. Big thanks to andrew ng
I like this course so much for I learned the detail structual and the basic steps to construct a deep neural network. Very interesting.
This course gave me a clear understanding of NN and DL and the confidence to start exploring new ways to solve problems in my industry.
This course provide me basic understanding of Neural Networks followed by how it is actually implemented. It is really a great course.
It is a great course. Anyone with a basics of python can enroll in the course. The lectures are short and up to mark with the details.
Personally speaking, "Heroes of Deep Learning" interviews are the most exciting part of this first course of the whole specialization!
course was well design to be easily understandable  by everyone and solving  assignment was like a fun and learn a vast things from it
One of the best course for starting in the field of deep learning along with interviews with one of the best deep learning researchers
Very efficient and reliable course. But personally i felt if someone has minimal knowledge of numpy then it will be an awesome course.
One big thanks, really helpful if you want to start your journey into the area! You're going to learn the fundamentals and apply them!
It was a great experience because each and every basic concept right from derivatives till caching was explained in a very crisp way!!
It's a good course. In this course I learn many things. The way you taught us that was good.for that I want to say thank you sooo much
This course provided me with all the basics needed for Neural Networks with the mathematics behind it.Loved the course and the mentor.
So much concise and informative course. If you are a beginner on this topic, from my point of view; this course is highly recommended.
I am very happy with Andrews course videos and topics. Assignment and projects build fundamental knowledge and connect to applications
Well structured course, really enjoyed Prof. Ng's teaching, and the programming assignments were quite fun, albeit not that difficult.
Excellent course for starting deep neural networks. Especially, the key concepts forward and backward propagation are shown perfectly.
The best course to get started with deep learning. Just learn patiently and practice more, Make notes(That's your Deep Learning Bible)
Andrew NG is an absolute rockstar, explains concepts in a very clear and precise manner. Best for people who are new to deep learning.
Really cool, well-designed course. Programming exercises could have been a bit less straightforward, but I learned quite a lot anyway!
This course has helped me alot in understanding the concepts of deep learning and I thank Andrew Ng for being such a wonderful mentor.
Fantastic course for an introduction to the deep learning world! I strongly suggest anyone interested in this field to start from here
A very structured course. Particularly the use of notations. Highly recommend to someone who wants to start learning on deep learning.
It was a nice learning experience. Coursera is definitely one of the best platform to learn such courses from experienced instructors.
I came here after going through few other materials online. I have to say this is the best. I feel confident after taking this course.
I found it really helpful to go through the exercises of crafting neural nets by hand - particularly the creation of helper functions.
Great course, I have been struggling to understand back propagation for weeks until I found this course. 10/10 recommend for beginners
Very precised and accurate. Seemed a bit redundant to me sometimes, but it's a good thing for memorizing every single detail. Thanks !
It feels really good when we actually see what happens inside the black box of neural networks. Andrew explains the stuff really well.
I enjoyed so much learning from Andrew Ng. An amazing course thank you for putting together such a contribution to my starting career.
Amazing explanation. I love the math and I loved implementing the whole framework from scratch. I would recommend everyone to take it.
This is a great journey. I learned a lot from this course. Andrew Ng is just an awesome teacher. I fall in love on his teaching style.
Life changing course, concepts relating to theoretical deep learning and its practical application in code taught so well. great job !
Very clearly explained. But the math notations for W^T X are different than the convention. Maybe to make it easier for practitioners.
A very comprehensive course to understand the concepts and get a feell of coding. Very good blend of concepts and hands on experience.
Combination of theory explained and practical application is great. Learnt a Lot and would love to continue with other courses as well
This is a great course to learn deep learning and neural netwok..... Thanks Sir for this amazing course..I have learned more from this
Learned about how to build a multilayer neural network, and enjoy some really great interviews with specialists in deep learning area.
this course is very good for me. i have no experience in python&deep learning. this course teach me step by step. Thanks for AndrewNg.
The course builds a strong foundation of learning neural networks. Highly recommended and best course of neural nets I have ever seen.
This is one of the best practical course which i have ever done.Lectures are nicely delivered and gives a complete in depth knowledge.
Very well applied learning path. Good motivation and easy to follow after working hours. Great exercises to know in depth how it works
Good teaching and teach us Neural Network deep learning step by step. That's very helpful for me to understand it. Great thank Andrew.
Very useful course with amazing practical part. I'm sincerely appreciated to ML community and creators of this course. Thank you guys!
Great content, well-documented exercises and thorough explanations.I highly recommend taking this course as an Intro to Deep Learning.
Great course to start machine learning. Programming Assignments are excellent. Thanks to Andrew sir and all instructors for great work
An incredible course, an amazing learning. I am working in automotive, hope I shall be able to identify problems to apply my learning.
Complete course to understand the basics of Neural Networks with a vectorized implementation in Python. Andrew Ng is great, as usual !
Thanks Prof. Ng and the course staff for such an insightful module. This module has really broaden my understanding of neural networks
Great course to start grasping the idea of Neural Networks and completing a simple application of it will boost your learning process.
Andrew made Deep learning very accessible for 1st learners! The exercises are very well designed. I learned a lot! Thank you so much!!
The code examples really help with enabling the learning of the concepts without getting bogged down in the details of implementation.
Give good introductions to basic neural network concepts. It is easy for beginners and give them better intuition about Deep Learning.
Good way to build neural network understanding for anyone. Programming assignment are easy but must complete for better understanding.
a very great introduction to someone who has very little background in deep learning but knows some basic logistic regression concept
The course is really very insightful and delves into a lot of basic fundamentals, to implementing a deep neural network from scratch.
Super clear explanations, instructor is great and makes the learning easy. Highly recommend if you're at all curious about the field.
The magnificent thing about this course that without a piece of deep knowledge in python we can follow the Professor
thanks Professor
Excellent.The best way to develop real intuitive understanding of Neural Nets. Thank you Andrew Ng, you have a great way of teaching.
I have built few NN, but this course taught me the very basics how it really works. I think every AI developer should do this course.
A great learning on how to build a deep neural network project. It could be applied to work as my first deep neural networks project.
An end to end in depth knowledge of how Neural Network works and also the understandings of Deep Neural Network. It's a great course.
Dr. Ng breaks everything down really well and makes everything really understandable. One of the best online courses I've ever taken.
Excellent Course!! If you are a beginner and do not know much more about Machine learning, still you can learn all the things easily.
The best course you will find online on neural networks and professor andrew is amazing and gets you clear on all the basic concepts.
Excellent step through the basic principles of neural networks / deep learning. Concepts (including python coding) clearly explained.
Very nice course! i would suggest that you also explain the mathematics behind why an algorithm is better and things related to that.
Interesting, clear, awesome excercises. Although I am kind of an expirienced programmer I have surely cleared up a lot of doubt I had
The course was very informative for a student having no prior knowledge of Deep Learning. The explanations were also good. Thank You.
I love Andrew NG :D Thank you for your effort and the coursera team to make such valuable knowdlegde accessable everyone in the world
This course really helped me to understand the basics of  Neural networks. Thank you, Team Coursera for providing me with the course.
Awesome course with a progressive learning path from the basics of AI to building a neural network and understanding its complexities
Helpful even after a few months of work with AI. It clarifies several aspects and let me to practice in a easy-still-educational way.
Fantastic course! Strongly recommended! The subject is presented well. The course covers the theoretical and intuitive aspects of NN.
This is a nice hands-on course. And if you have completed the Introduction to ML course earlier then this is a really good refresher.
Great course to start for someone with no prior knowledge of Neural network. Recommended to everyone who wants to learn deep learning
Awesome course with deep knowledge which will help me to carry out my research work in facial recognition with deep emotion analysis.
Very detailed explanations about the foundations of neural networks and deep learning and well explained so it is very easy to follow
This course is the very best resource for learning about DL that I have found. Both lectures and auto-graded assignments are amazing.
With clear explanation and step by step guidance, can quickly learn the basics of feedforward neural network training and prediction.
Very good introduction to deep learning, a step by step tutorial to help you build a L-layers neural network. Interesting and useful!
This course is very insightful and all the contents and assignments are very well structured and are very intuitive. Thanks Andrew !!
Good starter class in Deep Learning; I wish there was as much intuition taught as in the earlier Machine Learning class by Andrew Ng.
Beautifully organised and guided course for any beginner ! PRogramming assignments were really organised well . Very much recomended!
The fundamentals of neural networks and deep learning. The course is well prepared, and you can learn a lot how neural networks work.
Course is really good, but felt a little bit of too much clarification and spoon-feeding. Felt the Machine Learning course was ideal.
Well Modelled course. Recommended for an excellent inspiring introduction to deep learning. Looking forward to the following courses.
Sir Andrew Ng I love the way you deliver the subject in the easiest fashion. This course was really well-organized and extraordinary.
very good.from simple to complex.let us know the reason and how does the neural networks work.from forward to backward! thanks a lot!
Great CourseI already know Python however most of the need things that you need in python are here.The theory is explained very well.
Excellent approach to teaching. Makes things very clear and intuitive. The hands-on are very well designed to clarify understandings.
The lecture is very informative. It will make everyone fully understand the neural networks. Thanks a lot for Andrew's valuable work!
Nice Course. Gave me a good background in Deep Learning Concepts. Would need to have some ready reckoner for the key concepts learnt.
very easy to follow and well designed assignments. Thank you for this course, I have a gained an understanding about neural networks!
I AM REALLY GLAD THAT I GOT THIS OPPORTUNITY TO LEARN SOMETHING FROM COURSERA . IT IS REALLY HELPFUL FOR ME AND IT IS VERY USEFULL .
Very good course. I have learnt a lot and the exercises in Python were very helpful to understand how these algorithms work. Thanks!
Really cool! Gives you guided experience on how to design your own deep neural networks! Maybe gives you too much guidance sometimes
The course is amazing, especially the assignments. What I would suggest is to have one complete to do assignment at the end as well.
Andrew Ng is the best teacher to teach you about neural networks. I learned a lot about neural networks and all the maths behind it.
Great intro to ML.  Repeats much of the original Andrew Ng class, but updates for newer/more common activation functions used today.
I am able to understand the basics of neural networks and deep learning. The course is very helpful and assignments are challenging.
This course was very helpful and helped me build a neural network with L-hidden layers and took me a step ahead of machine learning.
The course is beginner-friendly and can be accomplished in a self-paced manner. Keep up the good work! I recommend this work to all.
As usual, I am amazed at the teaching style of Andrew Ng. How he discusses topics and make smoother transitions to difficult topics.
This course really helped me understand the underlying theories of deep learning. Andrew, as a teacher, is really warm and welcoming
Andrew Ng has to be one of the best instructors I have ever learnt from. He is a true inspiration, and a joy to watch. Great course!
Appreciate Andrew Ng so much for providing this course! I finally gained insight on what is thing known as "the black box" is doing.
Very good explanation lectures, I have learned basic concept of neural network and the deep learning. Awesome practical exercise....
If followed nicely, this is a great introduction to deep learning. This course de-mystifies deep learning in a very friendly manner.
Very nice course,it helps me not only to learn neural networks,but also to provide many chances to build a neural network by myself.
The course is perfect to start with Neural Networks. All concepts are explained properly and right amount of programming assignments
Very accessible material; builds up gradually and the math is presented in a very accessible and intuitive way. Really enjoyed this!
Very intuitive, hence easy to understand. I got rid of the apprehension about deep learning and perceived complications in the math.
Really eye-opening course. The math is beautifully simple and yet care needs to be taken to avoid performance issues. Lovely course.
I Really loved this course, It is so intuitive and understandable, I feel this is a good place to start our deep learning adventure.
I recommend this course. The lectures will actually make you understand what the neural networks are and how it is actually working.
Great course for beginners trying to get into deep learning.Crisp and clear explanation of neural networks and deep neural networks.
Very good for beginner, and I suggest that when we finished the course, can you recommend some material for us to learn more, thanks
I really enjoyed learning this course, was smooth and easy to understand. Course structure was great and covered what was necessary!
Excellent
course, it explains very difficult things in a very intuitive way,  that  really  simplifies the learning process. Thanks.
Great material, fantastic teaching - and the best part is, being ADHD, I can work at my own pace - and still manage a 97%. Loved it.
the neural network developed in this course is better than the one in Machine Learning course, especially treating of the bias term.
I have learnt a lot about this course.I am sure this course is going to help in future.The way of teaching of Andrew sir is amazing.
This course is great, but for people who have already done the course into to machine learning, this course seems to be very easy :)
I think this course helps me a lot in the fundamental concept of deep learning. I am really like to recommend this course to others.
Andrew Sir is Amazing , he became my idol in AI field and i learned a lot from this course. I want to say a big thank to Andrew Sir!
Now I can implement Artificial Neural Networks from scratch while understanding the maths behind it. Thanks Coursera! Thanks Andrew!
5 stars for Andrew always and forever.... also implementing a deep neural network with just numpy gives you a lower level advantage.
Great introduction to NN and Deep Learning. You'll learn the foundation concepts that are required to understand how NN and DL work.
Such an incredible course with a lot of difficult issues that was incredibly easy to understand thank to the professor explanations.
The instructor's kind, relaxed manner and the clear, supportive homework assignments make a potentially complex subject seem doable.
Great course on the "hot" machine learning topic. Easy to understand especially for student who already know machine learning basic.
This was awesome. Ng's explanation was so good, I have learned the theory as well as implementation of back-propagation really well.
It is a great course, very friendly and easily taught by the instructors.Thank you to the team for making it so easy to understand!
Very helpful course.  I really liked the iPython notebook assignments.  Helped to get a feeling for how to effectively program NNs.
Was a wonderful experience.Learnt a lot, and not just from a theoretical perspective,but a practical one that is easy to understand
Went from no experience with AI or Machine learning to having a good idea of what a neural network is and how they are implemented.
Very informative and empowering course. Teaches you how to start up with a Neural Net prog from the basics to application. 5 Stars!
Thanks all of the teachers in this course, I have a  basic understanding in NN and DL. In the end, I really appreciate this course.
It's very useful and meaningful.I have learned a little ML system, but I cannot understand it too well. This course helps me a lot.
Andrew Ng is a great instructor, and this course was awesomely built I learned a great deal about deep learning and neural networks
A little hard but absolutely worth the effort. Well taught by Mr. Andrew Ng and the assignments were challenging. Excellent course.
As a beginner to deep learning, this course is really good. Content and the programming exercises are really helpful to understand.
It was very clear and understandable. The instructor was excellent. I will definitely take the next courses in this specialization.
The organization of this course is really awesome. I have learnt how to make a deep neural network step by steps. Thank you Andrew.
A very highly recommended for all the starting in the Deep learning. It course gives the use of neural networks and it's basic use.
A great introductory course to Machine Learning. Very hands-on and gives the student a an idea of the internals of neural networks.
Andrew Ng explanation for neural networks and deep learning. For Vectorized cases some practical examples needed to get sorted out.
You really learn the skills to get going with machine learning. I was shocked at how quick you can learn and apply these teachings.
wonderful beginning to the  Deep Learning Specialization.Thank you Andrew for the intuition behind neural nets ..helped me a lot ..
I am doing my master's degree in data analytics and I think this course helps me. Content and theory section is very well explained
I enjoyed the motivating examples. However, some of the math required for the quizzes needed external study material in my opinion.
Such a Nice course Amazing experience and most importantly such a nice Instructor Andrew Sir is. Covered every small point so well.
I could learn a basic concept of Deep Learning through the course, as well as program a L-layers neural network in my own notebook.
The course is awsome, I would prefer if the tutor included the notes and errata in the videos themselves to avoid looking for them.
Real cool course but the slides for the download should be exactly the same as the online slides and some of them are even damaged.
I have probably gained an excellent knowledge. Thanks to Coursera by giving me eligibility for Financial Aid.Thank you very much!!!
I think it is good for someone who are interested in Deep Learning.Andrew Ng's class is suitable for beginners.I have learnt a lot.
I've never learned so much from a Coursera class before. This class is a must for anyone who's intrigued by AI and neural networks.
Great course! Andrew Ng remains the best with amazing teaching skills. Quizzes are just right and assignments are quite reasonable.
Amazing course, it took me to a clear understanding about deep learning. The course has a nice structure and good exercises. Thanks
Very nice course with intuitive explanations of basic DL concepts, lookking forward to pass other courses of specialization as well
I have just finished my second week. The course is well organized and Andrew really explains every single concept very super clear.
Easy to follow and learn. Your programming assignment also help me to spot my missing points. Very well designed course. Thank you.
The course is really intuitive. The concepts taught by Andrew Ng is very good and also makes us understand the intuition behind it.
This is an awesome course for learning "Deep Learning" from the scratch. And I'm in awe of the teaching style of Professor Andrew!!
Overall, excellent. I marked a handful of lectures "thumbs down" because I felt they spent too much time explaining basic concepts.
Great course. I did the older one in MATLAB and used this to brush up ML and python, has definitely improved an already good course
Came to this course as a continuation of Andrew's Machine Learning course. His style of teaching makes you understand all concepts.
Building a deep NN step by step gave me a deeper understanding that I had missed by jumping right into TensorFlow and similar SDKs,
Very satisfying to be able to start with the principles and not rely on existing models to achieve something with a neural network.
An excellent follow up to Andrew Ng's seminal ML course.  I am looking forward to completing the remainder of the DL specialization
It's amazing course. I love it and so I'm hungry for more knowledge about Deep Learning. Thanks to everyone who made this possible.
The course is great and really gives you intuition how to build a deep L-layer neural network from the scratch. Highly recommended!
Great course, only thing i would like to see more emphasis on the python and its structure for newbies. Thanks a Ton for the course
Andrew Ng is a really likeable teacher. The course content seems really well thought out and the programming exercises are helpful.
Amazing course. Andrew always can explain very complex things in a simple manner, better than I've seen on any other course/website
the opportunity to learn with Andrew Ng - priceless. He's a great teacher & doesn't make me feel dumb for not knowing the calculus!
Ilearnt about deep learning and its application and also about python which I can implement loops and dictionaries with confidence.
Complete introduction with execellent programming exercises. When you're done, you know exactly what the term "Dep Learning" means.
Andrew Ng is a god in machine learning and I really enjoyed the course and learned so many new things. One of the best course ever!
Its explained in a simplest possible way, that's why everyone seems to enjoy these videos. Really, good to kick-start in ML and DL.
Excellent material which helps in overcoming all the discomfort associated with deep learning and become friendlier with the topic.
Great introduction to neural network fundamentals. Learn to build them from first principles using just basic algebra and calculus.
Loved the step-by-step walkthrough and reasonably detailed intuition behind neural networks and why "deep" networks perform well :)
great course built upon clear intuitions and programming exercises are bit complicated but step by step guidance helps to navigate
Great introduction to neural networks! Andrew's lectures are really clear, and the coding assignments help crystallize everything.
NN are now a dream come true, Andrew Ng is one of the best teachers that i´ve ever had. Therefore this course I 100% recommend it.
Fantastic. Just came from Andrews other course which was  little shaky, but this is way better.  Can't wait for the other courses.
Great work, Professionally manage, But if there would exercises along with lectures, it will be more helpful to grasp the concept.
Thanks for such a great intuition, before your intuition Deep Learning is just like a block hole but now know the things behind it
Thank you Andrew NG sir. The best course i came across after a long time.your experience is passed to the learners in this course.
Really very good course to get familiar with basics of neural network . I thank all the people which made such an excellent course
This is a really great course, even if that's just a start I am already enjoying it much. Looking forward for the next ai courses!
Lectures are simple and easy to understand. Programs are well prepared. Easy to understand and practice. Enjoyed doing the course.
Structured lessons with a good technical and mathematical base for the introduction to deep learning and neural networks. Awesome!
Best Course for Neural Networks and Deep Learning and best part is Andrew NG  makes all the concepts easy even if you are beginner
Very good intro level course to neural networks. It spent sometimes in basic mathematics used in the course which is nice to have.
this course helped me learn how deep learning and neural networks work and also   

it made me learn how beautiful math is, thanks
One of the best course for beginers.It would be better if they explained definitions of forward propagation, back propagation etc.
A hands-on modern introduction into the neural networks subject. I wish it had more math but nevertheless the course is very good.
Very interesting course! I really appreciate the homework, it's explicit, well-instructed and accomplishable! fruitful four weeks!
Really nice course, the assignments and the videos are fun and professor Andrew explains everything very very thoroughly and good.
Has been very helpful in understanding the basic building blocks of deep learning. Programming exercises are very well formulated.
This course is excellent! Some knowledge of linear algebra and programming are assumed, but not very demanding. Highly recommend!!
Must course if you want to learn core concepts behind neural networks and if you want to build your own neural network archtecture
I got the way to know how deep neural network works which is under the water.It's valuable to read again, and again.Thanks to know
Amazing course, it gives the basic of neural networks and deep learning. Everyone who has an interest in this field should try it.
Loved it !!! Goes through every detail while keeping it simple. Assignments on the other hand could have been a bit more difficult
Excellent course. Some parts of the lecture appears to be a repetition of earlier lectures , but helps in reinforcing the learning
Great course. Expands on the 1 week walkthrough on neural networks offered in Andrew Ng's machine learning course. Very satisified
The course helped me build a sound and basic knowledge for the deep learning. And also let me want to explore more in this domain.
Very good course, well structured. The programming exercises and quizzes really help you understand and get to the core of things.
Very clear lectures. I like the style of the speech together with the practice. Feel interesting and ethusiatic about the learning
It's really good course which will teach you to implement deep learning step by step. The programming assignments are quite simple
I have learned many basic skills about building a deep neural network. The course is very clear for some mathematical derivations.
This course is very easy to understand. The homework can help us learn more about deep learning. I will recommend it to my friends
Excellent course. Some improvement can be done in Python code by explaining what each steps is doing or perhaps the critical steps
Vectorisation is such a powerful tool.. Realised with the help of this course...Would surely love to take up the other courses! :)
Awesome..... No Words to Describe. Best Specialization i have ever taken. Another best course from God father of machine learning.
awesome course!!!!Well designed course, easy to understand, and very good implementation of programming exercise.Thourghly enjoyed
Very informative and intuitive. Love that I have lifetime access to this course to revisit every time and I intend to do so.Rajesh
This course is just awesome. I have learned a bunch of things important to understand deep neural networks in this course. Thanks.
Excellent course following on from the Standford Machine Learning module. The explanations on vectorization was especially useful.
Very interesting introductory course. You can take great advantage out of it if you have a decent math and programming background.
A good course for beginners. Andrew introduced each part clearly, and step by step assignments help a lot understand how it works.
Great course! Enjoying the process of learning this course, and the assignments were great to strengthen the points of knowledges.
This was my first course on Coursera, but I really appreciated how it’s done. Recommended to everyone interested in Deep Learning!
A great course, based on and therefore very similar to the Stanford one, though the devs are in Python (vs. Octave for the former)
Well explained with step by step and in depth instructions. Very visual way of teaching complicated ML techniques. Very effective.
I have enjoyed this course and would like to give 5 stars. This course is starting with deep learning fundamentals and what it is.
I won't say much its Andrew Ng go for it. My parents can be wrong about life but Andrew Ng can't be wrong about Machine Learning.
Thank you truly for the best neural network course. Your considerate explanation gave me clear images on the complicated concept.
Excellent start for knowing Neural Networks and Deep Learning. Simple examples to understand the core concepts is so encouraging.
Prof. NG is as amazing as he is with the delivery of the concepts.These are really very important and fundamental building blocks
This course helps to develop all basics concepts for NN Architectures, training, and vectorization, etc. thanks, Prof. Andrew Ng!
This course is the best for an introduction to deep learning even if you have a brief background about calculus, programming etc.
Amazing teaching and wide variety of examples to make a student understand different conditions in the neural network environment
It was the best course it helps learn from basic, I am going to continue this spelization course.thanks and regardsc.shivashankar
I suggest to watch the interviews at the end of week 1, 2, 3 modules. They contain some really motivational and insightful stuff.
Very good course content and methodology easy to understand which lays a solid foundation about deep learning and Neural Network.
The exercises are too easy. It would have been great to have less skeletal code so that we work a little bit more on the exercise
Job well done establishing terminology and conventions early on to allow students to focus on the concepts, not the nomenclature.
thank you for this great opportunity to learn more about deep learning and neural networks and for you my dear professor ANDREWNG
It's a good course for beginners who wants to learn neural networks.  Assignments are really helpful to gain some good knowledge.
This is an excellent course to get the basic understanding of deep learning, along with great python Jupyter notebook experience.
All the topics are explained very thoroughly and Prof. Andrew covers the mathematical operations involved as well which is great!
this is a very useful course, conducted systematically and very practical with several programming exercises. Easy to understand.
Helped me learning & coding a neural network from scratch . Great course for everyone starting out in the world for deeplearning.
I had a great experience during this course because I learned how to buid and understand all the steps to create a neural network
This course was awesome. Thanks to this course, I've deeply understood the implementation of back propagation for various models.
Great course. However, 1 star removed because of multiple typos / errors in the exercise notation, which no one fixes (for ages).
Sometimes really superficial. Also challenging to understand what is really important.Really well explained! Love the interviews!
Excellent course for beginners in Deep Learning. Highly recommend for everyone who wants to learn about deep learning. Thank you!
It is a very intuitive course on Neural Networks & Deep Learning. Gives you the confidence of having learnt something thoroughly.
Very nice course. I started the course with limited knowledge on python. The design of the course helped me to master it as well.
This course is very good. This will be very useful as in this course we have used python, which will be useful for the developers
Very effective at teaching the intuition of neural networks. Plus a very good introduction to what is happening "under the hood".
Really good course. I've been able to understand the world of deep learning a little bit more. Now it's time to start the others!
The best intro course on deep learning on web hands down. Worth time and money to take this course. Highly recommend this course.
I really enjoyed learning Neural networks course . This course has shown me that there is lot more that i need to achieve/learn .
The concepts are mostly review if you've completed Ng's Machine Learning course, but it's great to get the Python implementation!
Fantastic course on Neural Networks and Deep Learning. This is the basic toolbox anyone needs to get started. Highly recommended.
It made me understand BackProp's matrix operations after careful thought. I know why the equations are what they are. Awesome.!!!
Absolutely wonderful course, would highly recommend for anyone interested in getting deep into neural networks and deep learning.
it is a good introduction for new learner to get into the door of deep learning.what i want to say is thank you ,my dear teacher.
It is very helpful for beginner to learning machine learning, and better than just read the book, we can do the question, coding.
Excellently taught by Andrew. Explains all the concepts well and the ipython notebook is really handy to put these into practice.
Code is not well supported for training assignments. Dont expert to get help if there are subtle issues with the coursera system.
Coding assignments were amazing! Really step by step and improved my python programming a lot at the same time. Love this course!
covers the basic of "logistic regression", "2-layer NNs", "deep  L layer networks", assignments in particularly very interactive.
Excellent course as it increases complexity step by step and you have good understanding of deep neural networks post completion.
A stepping stone towards successful machine learning engineering, and a perfect transition from previous machine learning course!
I liked the fact that every small detail was taught ground up though I did have to bank on learning quite a few things on my own.
A very good complement to the Machine Learning class by Prof. Ng. No better way to gain a firm understanding of the fundamentals.
Quite an educational course, everything is explained. Not an exaggeration if I said this is one of the best online courses I had.
thanks for courser and deeplearning.ai give me this chance to have this class and I learned more about deeplearning, great class!
very smooth learning experience! but the programming exercise is not challenging enough, please give more difficult tasks, Thanks
Has a great and easy explanation of math behind deep learning.On a slight downside programming assignments are a bit too obvious.
Fantastic overview of neural network derivations and implementations with solid guidance and advice on effective coding practices
This course beautifully explains the overview of neural network giving a real time application oriented exposure on the subject.
Its my first course and start of a new  career thanks coursera for making it simple in terms of understanding and ease of access
A very good introductory course on neural networks one can gain enough information  to gain more advanced knowledge on the topic
Got to learn in deep about neural network from basic.It's a good course if anybody want to learn about neural network from basic
its very nice course take a lot topics with a great practice exercises to explain the concepts ,and make your neural network . .
The course is mind blowing. I started to get some concepts that were shady on my mind. Its a great way to start in deep learning
Overall an excellent course, I'm very satisfied with it, It does require calculus and linear algebra to be understood completely
Very informative course...but it was very math-heavy for someone like myself who has limited linear algebra and calculus skills.
Excellent content for beginners. Assignments are of good quality. Advise: Solve assignments independently its helpful..thank you
Great course to learn to build your own neural network from scratch. It gives you an in-depth understanding of DNN architecture.
A beautiful Course, covering all the necessary topics, required for an introductory course to Neural Networks and Deep Learning.
First time in my life I saw a professor who taught really in a very interesting way!! Enjoyed learning..Thank you very much sir.
Great course to learn the material.  The programming assignments are a little confusing due to the format but overall very good.
The course has good knowledge about Deep Learning, but during the exercise, there are some errors that the admin can fix better.
This is the best learning platform anyone could ask for!! This help students as well as employees to keep their skills upto date
Great introduction to the concepts. Perfect pacing!!! If it had been slightly slower or slightly faster I would have fallen off.
Best among all the courses, gave me really deep knowledge of deep learning which I have been looking for. Definitely recommended
The video explanations are of the highest quality. I especially liked the 3 videos on "Heroes of Deep Learning". Very inspiring.
Everything about this course is amazing, the material, the quiz questions, the approach to teaching and of course the lecturer .
The best course on Neural Networks. Hoping to learn bigger things in the upcoming courses. Special thanks to Andrew Ng and team.
Deep and challenging, but gave me a much firmer understanding of neural networks and deep learning. Looking forward to course #2
This course is very useful and accessible,I know a lot after completing it.I will keep learning and develop myself step by step.
Very excellent course. The content are crystal clear and very informative, and the exercises are well prepared and well written.
Excellent explanations of how a neural network works. I have watched many videos this is best. Worth time spending in your life.
Wow! I cannot believe it! too much of valuable information in such high technology and it is just a piece of cake.Thanks Andrewd
The parameters from cache and caches make me a little fused in coding. Maybe memory it by its name in equations would be better.
Great Course! Provides detailed insight (esp. math behind it) in NN and DL, which is still appropriate for the general public :)
Andrew Ng course for neural network covers basic aspect of deep learning making it very insightful and knowledgeable experience.
An introduction to neural network,thank U Ng and whoever had contributed to this course.Can not wait to begin the second course.
Very nice to be introduced to the basics of the machine learning, and taught of the subtilities by an experienced practitionner!
Basic but very useful to learn about Neural Networks. The math has been simplified as much as possible and it is easy to follow.
I think this course actually introduce me what 's the basic method and concept of deep learning ,i was grateful for this course!
Excellent course with real world applications. Does not really need that much of a mathematical  or computer science background.
Very useful course, especially from practical perspective but the week 3-4 could have been combined to make it a little shorter.
Very very insightful and well taught.A must learn course if you want to make career in AI/ML/Deep learning/Data Science/NLP etc.
It is easy to understand. After learning, we can well master what is told in the course, and can learn further in deep learning.
I really loved the basics which are being implemented from the scratch. Excellent for someone who wants to master deep learning.
After taking this course, you will know how back propagation works and will build a multi-layer neural network from the scratch!
excellent course for the introduction of deep learning, I got concrete knowledge of deep neural networks by learning this course
Awesome!  Well designed and easy entry into the subject matter.  I recommend refreshing on linear algebra if it has been awhile.
Initially I was skeptical doing theory-oriented course, but it appeared so great to understand the foundations of deep learning.
This is the best introduction to Neural Networks and Deep Learning I've found on the internet. Definitely worth the monthly fee.
Great introductory course to build strong foundations. I also recommend this as a revision course for seasoned ML practitioners.
Great course!I coudn't have understood better without Stanfords Machine Learning course by Andre NG. I recommend that to others.
Good class on the fundamentals of neural networks.  The ipython notebooks were particularly effective for doing the assignments.
Great course to introduce people to deep neural networks.Don't need to have extensive knowledge in math or computer programming.
It is very fundational for deep learning.I benefit a lot from this course.In additon, the homework is designed very effectively.
Great introduction to this exciting area of AI, with the incredibly inspirational Andrew to take you step by step from 0 to 100.
This course almost teaches you how you could make your own API for neural networks... Uses the standard tools: Numpy, sklearn...
What a way to learn! Thank you Course Era and Professors.Optional Videos were like cherry on the top. Enjoyed them. Thank you !
It is a very good course if you want to learn about the basics of deep neural network and how L layered network actually works.
This is a very well made course, and a good starting point if you are looking to learn about Neural Networks and Deep Learning.
Concepts are explained in a progressive manner, the course builds up the required concepts with excellent hands-on assignments.
Amazing course for a first contact with neural networks, a good dose of theory combined with practical, and programming skills.
Very helpful.  Explain the basic AI idea with simple and clear math.  Looking forwards to the following courses in this serials
Amazing. I know it's the basics about deep neural networks but I am more intrigued about my potential next step in the subject.
Very good content and support in place to help you understand the theory and application of Neural Networks from the ground up.
Very well documented course. The explanations were very concise and clear and the programming assignments were very insightful.
I learned a lot from this course from the very basics to building my own neural network was an amazing experience and learning.
Many thanks Andrew Ng, your way of teaching things is so motivating and captures attention for sure. you're simply the best !!!
Amazing course, Learned a lot about basic/ Core working of the Neural Networks. Love Andrew Ng's teaching style and everything.
I have taken a few courses before but this course taught me how to deal with each step in detail. I just loved the coding part.
This course has been really helpful in understanding basics and fundamentals of deep learning and neural network functionality.
Really, the best course on Neural Networks and Deep Learning. The teaching style is amazing and the assignments are very great.
It helps you to get the idea of classic neural network and n layer neural network , which gives you idea how the NN models work
Good and thorough explanation. The instructor gave clear explanations more than once time, so the stuff was memorizable easily.
Atleast one or two projects can be given for us without any assistance. Which will obviously make us feel satisfying at the end
Fantastic..  I have a few years of experience in ML, but this course really cemented the concepts.. Hats off to the professor..
It was an amazing experience learning the course also I am very thankful to Coursera for providing me with  the financial aid .
Amazing course. Prof. Andrew Ng is one of the the best thing that has heppened to the Machine learning/deep learning community,
Andrew NG sir makes everything look like a cake-walk. One of the best courses on coursera, a learning experience throughout !!!
Amazing Material and well explained. The exercises were also really helpful in understanding and implementing concepts learned.
Excellent course. Implementing a neural network from scratch was very exciting and enlightening. Thank you for this experience!
There were a lot of errors which made things confusing and I just wish that gets fixed. Otherwise an awesome course. Loved it!!
great teaching sir andrew. completing your courses are a great learning experience and feels good to be part of your community!
Professor Andrew is the best person to study neural networks  from. His course material is insightful and good for practioners.
Complex subject taught in most simple form. Great to learn. Video from experts in the field is really inspiring. Thanks Andrew.
awesome, simply awesome. the idea of designing neural networks from scratch really explain you what is going on under the hood.
I found this course extremely informative and helpful in understanding the various aspects of the topic. Keep on the good work!
This was an amazing course. I learned so meany skills from this course. Thank You Coursera for offering such an amazing course.
The course has guided me towards the fundamentals of deep learning. I am looking forward to enroll on upcoming courses as well.
Good course that explores the core of logistic regression networks, small and deep. I like that it is in python and uses numpy.
The most memorable thing is that Andrew is really a very skilled teacher, who can give you intuitions of very complex problems.
The course is intutive and easy to understand, especially,assignments are very much helpful to understand the concepts further.
By far, this is the best Deep Learning training course I have taken. Very professional, intuitive and easy to follow and apply.
Detailed Analysis of Neural Networks.Perfect course for whose who want to go through the basics and essence of Neural Networks.
Very good course and very well structured assignments.Helped me a lot to understand the implementation of deep neural networks.
Very good introduction in Neural Networks and Deep Learning. The assignments are a bit too easy, but you can still learn a lot.
Excellent and fast-paced course. A solid introduction that I intend to follow up with the other courses in this specialization.
A good introduction. Great lectures and materials + easy assignments. It does not focus on the calculus, but on the algorithms.
It is a really great course, Prof. Andrew Ng comes to the root level to explain even the most difficult sections of the course.
I don't know how you can explain such a complex topic any better than the way Andrew NG can. Thank you so much for this course.
A clear explanation of a difficult subject with an emphasis on being able to create and to understand your own neural networks.
Interesting videos and assignments. I like the interviews of ML rock stars. Everything worked fine (assignments and submission)
Outstanding class. Practical, great explanations. Learned a lot of calculus and gained confidence on explaining deep learnings.
Very good introduction to deep learning. Gives a good understanding of how a neural network works, and how to build one from sc
very easy understanding, I'm been through a tough time to change my career, Andrew give me a new vision about the world, thanks
Overall great course! The course is developing in a perfect logic. The assignment itself is great but it's too much instructed.
Prof Andrew Ng and his team have done a fabulous job simplifying this vital topic.  Very clear concepts and excellent hands-on.
Awesome course. It helped me remember thing I saw at College. But I can say it was explained in a very clear and practical way.
Great course as always! Good for people trying to get into deep learning and also for people with some experience in the field!
This is a great course for starters. I recommend it to everyone who is interested in gaining some insight about deep learning.
With teaching video and especially programming assignment lets me practice and understand the neural network principle better.
Clear and to the point explanation by Andrew.Now I have a great understanding of the basics of Neural networks. Great course !
As always I said Coursers is become a knowledge hub for me, And form this course I learned many new things. Thanks Andrew sir.
I am glad I learned how to code backprop neural networks.  I had heard of this before, and now I know how to code it.  Thanks!
The way prof. Andrew Ng takes you through the course and his examples makes very easiy to understand this deep learning course
It is very interesting and he explained maths and other intuition in the best way possible. It is a good course for beginners.
Very important and interesting course. Thanks to coursera and andrew ng for helping me to improving my skills in deep learning
I really enjoyed this course! I am now able to visualize how neural networks work, instead of thinking of them as a black box.
Great course to understand the math and concepts related to Deep Learning. One of the best courses that I've made in Coursera.
Informative and succinct - Professor Ng clearly communicates the methodologies and intuitions behind building neural networks.
I already new part of the theory, but I had never done the vectorized implementations, those really helped a lot, thank you :)
Easy to follow lectures and intuitions. Coding was fun with lecture snippets present right above the code for quick reference.
That was a very good course for me, I would thank Mr. Andrew Ng for his explanations and anyone who helped to make this course
A perfect introduction into neural networks with Python for me. Thank you for the insightful and clean Python coding examples.
Great course with deep math explanation, all you need to know about neural network. I love it.Thank you for such great course.
I really enjoyed this course. This was my first Coursera course, and I am inspired to take other online courses from Coursera.
Really helpful. I really appreciate the code style in the assignment, that will give me great inspiration on my future coding!
A theory with applied programming, a Nice and well-planned course for those who have basic math, Data science or AI knowledge.
Love this course, It's a great introduction for beginners looking to learn thoroughly about  neural networks and deep learning
I have attempt learning Deep learning several times, from different providers. This the best class to learn Deep Learning from
Andrew Ng is very good at teaching machine learning courses. He can always clarify the concepts and ideas I am confused about.
a carefully planned introduction to neural networks that gave me a keen understanding of the low-level implementation of them.
To much theoric info...We can proceed bloks by bloks instead of applying all of those high mathe things at the end suddenly...
Good course to have in depth knowledge of neural networks and how to make one from scratch and not just use them as black box.
A great foundation course for anyone who wants to explore the underlying Maths behind the Deep Learning Algorithms used today.
This was an excellent course and made me confident on neural net implementation. thanks to Andrew Sir and his teaching staff.!
Really useful in depth look at neural networks and helped solidify my knowledge from the intro to ML course by Andrew as well.
I absolutely learned the basics of the Deep Learning concept. Every scientist interested in this area must finish this course.
Good introduction to Neural Networks and Deep Learning. Implementations of forward and backward propagation are done in numpy.
His class is very easy to understand. Of course, the content of the class is very hard, but Andres is very good at teaching!!!
Excellent, as ever Andrew NG presents information which is incredibly complex in a really easy to understand way. Outstanding.
Andrew Ng had made this course very interesting, he covers all the topics needed to learn NN and Deep learning in this course.
I enjoyed this course very much, nice intuitive explanations with really awesome assignments that set the concepts in my mind.
Good way to get started with lots of bait of what is to come with interviews with deep learning researchers and good examples.
As detailed as necessary, as simple as possible. Great consistent notation. Very useful assignments. Excellent intro into NNs.
The beauty of the course is the simple explanation of Neural Networks(forward and backward propagation both). Great going guys
Great course, helps is reinforcing many concepts and going deeper that was introduced in the Intro to Machine Learning course.
Andrew Ng is a superstar. I guess he's growing tired of hearing it. Great professor, great material, great exercises and labs.
Great introduction for a newbie to Deep Learning. However, it could be useful to have some basic skills in Python programming.
Just the right depth to understand the necessary aspects for solving real world NN problems. Another great course from Andrew!
Detailed, bottom-up understanding of the implementation of neural networks, and in python. Looking forward to the next course.
Everything in this course is explained more than once and very thoroughly  which helps in grasping all the concepts very well.
Fundamentals have been explained very nicely. Also the assignments are framed in a way the user gets confidence in the subject
The course is good especially the programming part,  it divides DNN in several easy parts so that student can learn very fast.
Great intro. I feel like got a thorough understanding of the basics and that will build a solid foundation for what's to come.
Very good course. Assignments are really useful.Only problem is we cannot run the same code on our PC using Anaconda (Spyder).
A great course to enter the new world of deep learning,i enjoyed Thanks Mr. NG for making this understandable,thanks coursera.
This is great extension for older Andrew's course (Machie learning, Stanford). I'm heading to course 2 of this specialization!
An excellent introduction to the mechanics of neural networks, with just enough practice to make sure the lessons are learned
It Was Fun Learning from Prof. Andrew Ng . And programming assignments were great for gaining confidence over learned topics.
I have gained quite a sound knowledge of Neural Networks. I'm happy with the progress of the course and the course materials.
Great Course!  Cannot be compared with any other course. Step by step learning of such complicated topic is out of the world!
Andrew Sir explained the difference too vividly. As a beginner, I can also understand to what he was saying!! Hats off to him
this course very helps for a novice learner who interests in Neural Networks and Deep Learning. Its helps to learn  for begin
Professor Andrew Ng taught all the concepts from scratch in an exciting manner and made learning easy as well as interesting.
The course was highly interesting and the assignments were very useful as they provided a step by step process to solve them.
This course portrays a clear idea of Neural networks and Deep learning with informative and  videos and necessary assignments
Amazing! After a few month of useless wandering, I have finally understood and put into practice machine learning mechanisms.
I would recommend this course to all those who want to have a good grip on neural network with its mathematics acting behind.
Very nice course, but sometimes you can complete coding assignments without thinking and concentrating, too much hints given.
This is the best introduction I could ever get to deep learning. I am very thankful to Andrew and the whole team of Coursera.
Very intuitive explanations would be great if there was a feature like 'taking notes online' tho. Thanks, Andrew Ng et al. ;)
Very clear and concise. You definitely need to take the time to sit through what is presented, but they explain it very well.
The course is very good and teaches the inside of a neural network. Code assignments are easy and almost no code is required.
Good course where most stress is given on learning the concepts and implementation rather that just using built-in functions.
excellent framework to dive into Neural Networks. the practical application, in Python, is robustly built and very enjoyable.
Wonderful for beginners. I would highly recommend it to everyone, irrespective of their higher algebra or calculus knowledge.
Really nice course which lets me recap the mathematical knowledge and neural network is really stunning topic be shared here.
a great course that anyone interested in technology and AI must follow to enhance its professional and personal opportunities
An excellent course! The teacher taught me some basic concepts about deep learning and neural networks, which helps me a lot.
Start from basics and goes deep with the understanding . Really  helpful if you are starting learning Deep Learning concepts.
A great introductory course for learning Deep neural networks. Thanks to Dr Andrew NG for making this course available to us.
Excellent course, provides a very good introduction to neural networks in practical terms & yet with good theoretical reviews
Very informative first step towards deep learning. Exercises gave good understanding of the concepts explained in the theory.
Excellent course. Helped me clearly understand the structure of the input data, matrices and back propagation in more detail.
Intuitive explanation of maths behind neural networks and deep learning models. A must to do starter course for deep learning
This course is extremely well done! It presents the material in such a way that it is understandable, and yet still rigorous.
A very detailed introduction to neural networks and deep learning. It was fun (and challenging) hard-coding using just numpy!
Andrew Ng is the best instructor of have had for explaining the basic principles of ML.  It doesn't get any better than this!
PROF ANDREW NG is AWESOME. I am too beginner to even rate him. His course is just great. Every minute spent here is worthful.
its a great course if you want to have a career in Deep Learning and AI. Knowing Python programming is an unsaid prerequisite
Course flow is very good. We get to understand how every forms to give the results. Also, the course content is to the point.
Complex models taught with simple and intuitive methods!!! Great content to start with Neural Networks. Strongly recommended.
The assignments were on one hand too simple, but on the other hand, since they were running remotely, it was harder to debug.
Love the structure of the programming assignments! I now have a clear understanding of each component in deep neural network.
Once again a very practical introduction to Neural Network by Prof. Andrew Ng.  A very honest delivery of the course content.
Fantastic job covering the base math for building Deep Neural Networks. Thank you Professor Andrew Ng and team. Huge respect.
Covered all the topics and the coding exercises were tricky and tough. I recommend this course to everyone to go through it.
Loved every bit of this course. The way Andrew explains the math behind the working of neural networks is simply impeccable!
Great work. The content was well arranged and we have lot of interesting stuff to learn. Also assignments are well arranged.
Easily understandable and initially abstracts a lot of mathematical concepts but then reintroduces them in a digestible way.
A great introduction to neural networks! It was the right mix of theory, mathematical derivations and programming exercises.
Great course. Gives detailed understanding of underlying principles of neural networks and makes the mathematics very clear.
it was a very insightful course, the interviews are the end of each week really motivated me to pursue more of deep learning
The course provides a very firm grasp over the fundamentals of deep learning, with keeping the prerequisites to the minimal.
Gained a useful insight on Neural Networks and Deep learning. The course is very carefully designed making it easy to learn.
Amazing course builds on Introduction to Machine Learning so I would recommend others complete that first before trying this
This course is an example of learning while enjoying. The topics are explained elegantly. Thank You for this Awesome Course.
Loved this course. Loved the way Andrew taught those difficult mathematical explanations. Looking forward for second course.
This course is very clear to understand and very useful to learn the concepts. Thank You Coursera and Thank you Instructors.
week 4 material is a bit repetitive of week3's. But otherwise it is a great course! Thank you Andrew and your amazing  team!
Course is extremely good. Mentor Andrew Ng guided well throughout the course.Looking forward to complete the specialization.
excelent ,that was very good course and i learned the basis of deepleaning thank you coursera/thnak tou andrew ng. and other
Excellent course for all levels - no matter whether the user is beginner or have some practical machine learning experience.
This is the grate course, which helped me a lot to understand the both theoritical and practical aspects of neural networks.
It was great to know the perks of deep learning and I feel more confident now in training and testing with different models.
Great explanation of deep neural network theory. Now I am much confident to implement DL. The best course ever ! Thank you !
This is probably one of the best course to get into the core of Deep Learning. Andrew sir explains each single concept of DL
really good step by step content that builds up in depth. Practical programming questions illustrate the concepts very well.
Awesome introduction to fundamental components of a deep neural network with good assignments for practicing implementation.
Explanation of forward and backward equations were very nice. Programming assignments helped to understand them more better.
I am new to the field, and it was a good introduction to the topic. The lectures are clear, and materials are quite helpful.
This curse is very well organized, understandable and motivating. I would highly recommend to everyone.Thank you so much! :)
Very informative and intuitive. I really liked the course content and the pace along with very good assignments to practice.
The Course is Great , i love the way andrew teaches and coursera is doing a great job by transforming the way of learning  .
Spectacular introductory course for high school students and college freshmen alike to grasp the essential of Neural Network
It's such an awesome course. I took this course so that it would help me to decide to go for phd. It really helped me a lot.
Andrew NG is an amazing teacher! The teaching methodology is extremely systematic and well-versed. Thank you for the course!
Andrey Ng explains very easy and understandable with a lot of examples. Good course to explore neural networks from scratch.
I would recommend this course to anyone wanting to understand Neural network but make sure you have a background in calculus
Great teacher. Learned so many things. We used numpy library for programming; not commercial software or packages. Thank You
Excelent course. Andrew is an excellent professor and the materials and programming assignments included are really helpful.
I recommend for beginners in Neural Networks (NN). It takes you to the world of NN step by step, with thorough explanations.
Good pace, thoughtful video instruction, and helpful assignments. Even without a CS background, the concepts were very clear
Great basic course covering in-depth concepts of Gradient Descent and back propagation - the building blocks of deeplearning
Simply awesome. Ng is such a tremendous teacher, and built a course where there isn't a single piece of useless information.
I appreciate the effort that went into keeping the notation consistent. It really helped to keep things straight in my mind.
It was very insughtful and mathematically clear. A good course that focuses on foundamentals and computation behind the NN.
excellent learning strategy, I have highly appreciated the jupiter notebook!Looking forward the next specialization course!
It's a very good course, and I guess gave me an in-depth idea about Deep learning. Excited to start with the second course!
The course was delivered in a very structured manner and was quite informative. The coding assignments were indeed helpful!
very good explanation especially practical is very good I learn a lot, how to start implementation from screechThanks a lot
This is my first online course and I have enjoyed a lot.Thanks to Andrew Ng for explaining with such care and positivity :)
Andrew Ng is a great teacher and has explained every little detail of a neural network in a very simple way in this course.
The Course content is well made and beginner-friendly. Apart from some audio issues, I had a wholesome experience learning.
As always he is a great teacher, I learned a lot and keep learning until success comes. Thank you Andrew, you are the best.
Really clear and easy to follow examples, in-depth notes and/or explanations, coding exercises are challenging yet perfect!
very well designed course flow that helps students to grasp forward propagation and backward propagation clearly. Nice job!
This is probably the most easily assimilable and genuine course in this domain.Thanks for creating this awesomazing course.
It gives me the math which describes the insight knowledge of how the neural network works.Great class and quite enjoyable.
very good for experienced programmer, need some math background if you want to understand what is happening, but good job !
Good to go over the basics from Machine Learning. This course is more comprehensive but does not introduce many new topics.
It's very clear how Andrew explains Neural Network. I have a background in econometrics and the transition was really easy.
The concepts are explained very clearly. The programming assignments were hard though, coming from programming mainly in R.
Great course giving you a wide vision of what can be achieved by using Neural Networks to solve a certain Machine Learning.
This course builts a strong foundation before you get your hands dirty with complex theories of neural networks.  Great Job
get's you through the basics of deep learning and neural networks and why they should be used and when they should be used.
very good and well designed. but i think to successfully complete this, basic understanding of machine learning  is needed.
Beautifully presented! Really easy to understand and the programming assignments offer the needed intuition for the theory.
Fantastic course. Learned fundamentals but also practiced implementation with python codes. Challenging hence real learning
This course is very good to get a good sense of deep learning and gain confidence to tackle more difficult problems......:)
Great cource! Learned much about NN, what they are and how they work!Thanks Andrew! Looking forward to the next cources :-)
Excellent introduction in deep NN ! Very clear assignments. Looking forward to the rest of the deep learning specialization
Thanks Andrew Ng for such an extraordinary course,  which is extremely detailed and lay a concrete foundation of my career.
Perfect for newbies.Can you please give us the utils data, I am not able to manipulate or try independently on the dataset.
I really enjoyed by taking the course. Thank you for opportunity to take the course and broaden knowledge in deep learning.
Excellent course covering all the basics ever required. The paradigm of calculating forward and backward is very intuitive!
Good materials, but it looks like you should have some prior knowledge from Andrew Ng ML course or any other NN/ML courses.
This course helps me a lot ,I have learned the basic knowledge of deep learning and I am full of confidence now ,thanks you
Andrew is an amazing teacher. I enjoyed very much learning from him. I will keep going to finish the entire specialisation.
It is really helpful for me to know more about deep learning and neural networks, can't wait to learn the following course.
Andrew's explanation is awesome and easy! Quality of assignments are very high. A must have course for NN and DL aspirants
I am thankful to Andrew Ng. for this amazing start to the Deep Learning Specialization. Looking forward to my next course.
a great, hands-on course that prepares you for the world of deep learning with the right mix of mathematics and programing
Thanks all of contructor, I learned more skills about neural network and deep learning. It helps me so much about my work.
Very nice course to understand the neural networks and deep leraning, I will watch it again to make my concepts more clear
There's a tad too much handholding in the homework for my taste, but globally this is a well-paced and interesting course.
One of the best courses ever about Deep Learning! The teacher is a incredible person e very dedicated to teach everithing.
Very nice introduction, i like that it gives the option to proof the derivations since i like calculus and linear algebra.
Andrew does it again. This course was super fun to take. I feel I have more intuition on deep neural networks than before.
Really an amazing course, has helped me a to understand the bare-bones of the deep learning. Thank you for amazing course.
If the lecture notes is available in single doccument , it will be easy to go through. Overall a great learning experience
I have learnt lot concepts from this course. It cleared lot of doubts in understanding mathematics behind neural networks.
I learned a lot of new things, that was really helping for me to explore new things. I Want to learn more related courses.
Great introduction to deep neural nets. Instructor provides a good intuitive understanding for the inner workings of ANNs.
The course is really good. The videos are clear, very well explained and the practical activities are perfectly organized!
I loved how the whole implementation was from scratch not using libraries. Now I will remember the hidden concepts always.
Excellent way of explaining, having everything beautifully organised and making it highly interesting for all the students
Intuitive and applicative way to implement Neural Networks. You really get to undertsand the mechanics behind building NN.
Great Course! I learned a lot about vectorization,broadcasting, neural networks basics etc. Thanks Andrew Ng and Coursera.
Amazing teaching by Prof Ng. I strongly recommend this MOOC for anyone interested in acquiring knowledge on Deep Learning.
Great Course! Only the programming assignments could maybe be a bit more challenging, i.e. especially less pre-structured.
Great Course, gives useful insights on Neural Networks and guides along the way to develop algorithms for computer vision.
One of the most in-depth courses for Deep Learning. Highly recommended for anyone looking to begin a career in this field.
It's a very good course. I think it give us some insights and some mathematical background to go deep in deep learning! :)
I have learned the basic knowledge of the Neural Networks and Deep Learning.I will recommend this course to my classmates.
Just follow the course and it will walk you through all the concepts from rudiments and provide you the necessary insight.
Best course for getting started with deep learning on internet. Thank you coursera and teachers for creating the best one.
One of the best course out there on getting started with all the basic stuff related to Neural Networks and Deep Learning.
essential for Neural Networks and Deep Learning learners.if you want to know how to make models you must listen this class
Andrew Ng's course is best to give a kick start to your career in ML and Deep Learning . He makes your fundamentals right!
very clear explanation of concepts and well managed assignments. gives confidence on building multi layer neural networks.
I wish I had access to the Assignments and Quizzes as a free user even if they aren't graded. BEST COURSE EVER. THANK YOU.
This course goes to great lengths the explaining both the intrusion as well as mathematical background of neural networks.
This course provide a in depth understanding of deep learning. I recommend this course for all machine learning beginners.
I enjoyed it a lot , most importantly the intuitions make things easier to understand and you get a feel for the subject .
This course was excellent. It included the clearest explanations and worked examples I have come across for deep learning.
Andrew and his team did it again! Everything is laid out so well, it is intuitive and I've learned so much in this course!
Useful and interesting course.The basic principles are well introduced and described. The assignments are well structured.
A great step by step learning experience, however, I would like to see a little less hand-holding to complete assignments.
The assignments in the course are well-designed. Learners can get through the course without too much specific background.
Brilliant. Deep explanations to help learners grasp the complexities of neural networks from the foundation up. Thank you.
The videos are very detailed, the homework tasks cover all the necessary steps of training neural nets. Loved this course!
Awesome course. Videos, Notes and Assignments really solves the purpose. Looking forward to do more courses from the team.
Great insight into the topic. Andrew is every time super-clear. I'm looking forward to see the rest of the specialization!
Thank you! Andrew, I love this course so much especially its offering easy-to-follow explanation on all important details.
a good start! very helpful to grain a overview the deeplearning algothim, know it's basic idea, and how it doing wthe real
The exams were perfect to implement the basics learned during the course. Very much like how Andrew explains the material.
Hands on instruction on this extremely powerful nascent technology is priceless. And auditing the course is free, no less!
Amazing as always. But please correct all the typos in the notebooks (especially the ones related to backward propagation)
Great introductory course on Deep Learning! Maybe would be useful to include more applied use cases in the video lessons.
Great course for newcomers!, maybe more optional material for people that know calculus and lineal algebra would be great
there is no one that can teach you ML & Deep Learning better than andrew ng.thank you very much for this excellent course
It was definite a good course and it was very challenging. Thank You for this course. Instructors are awesome. Thank You.
Amazing course, Andrew is such a great teacher. I loved the exercises in the notebooks and the mentors were very helpful.
the programming assignments were a bit easy. there should be at least one assignment where we have to start from scratch.
Really loved doing this course. Looking forward to finishing other courses as well from the Deep learning specialization.
It was a good course, even if I am not from computer science or data science background, I found it easy to cope with it.
When someone can explain in a simple way very complicated things he/she is a master. Andrew is with no doubt one of them.
Definitely the best course out there to get started with Deep Learning and AI with a carefully crafted hands-on approach.
Another awesome course by Sir Andrew Ng. This is the perfect course to get you started with the world of Neural Networks.
It was a pleasure to listen and do all the tasks. A very inspiring and quick introduction to the realm of neural networks
Very good course both introducing theoretical concepts and practical implementation. Optional items are very interesting.
the course was pretty engaging, and with the assignment it gives you a step by step method to create deep learning Model.
Very carefully guide through basic concepts and the exercises are really good constructed and provide step by step hints.
Very clear and step by step explanation with excellent combination of theory and practice. Good mathematical foundations.
Excellent! Having studied NN before, useful as a top up. The coding exercises are great for enhancing your understanding.
Best Course to learn the application of your learnings, through Python, giving you intuitions about what you have learnt.
Very well structured course. You get to learn the maths and guts of Neural Networks with very nice programming exercises.
The course model is very very comprehensive and in-depth also. Exercises are typically designed to understand the theory.
The assignments are great. From a little coding background, I was able to understand what the assignments want to convey!
This course has been a very excellent introduction to deep learning concepts. Im so excited to complete the next courses.
Really good course. Very pedagogical exercises in Jupyter notebooks so that no local installations are needed. Well done!
great course. good learning outcome. there were some problems with submitting assignments but all in all it was excellent
course gives an understand of the structure of the DLL image classification model. More than that is a very basic course.
Andrew clearly explains the material step by step, giving you a solid understanding of Neural Networks and Deep Learning.
course are gread. One suggestion, can the ppt slides merge into one file? it is quite annoying to download it one by one.
Great primer on neural networks, learn backprop and other fundmental NN things by building NN's from scratch using numpy.
To switch from conventional Machine Learning to Deep Learning, this course is the foundation. Highly recommended course !
I want to know why we use the sigmoid function. I am always confused about how we got the formula to get the probability.
exceptionally great course....thank u so much for andrew ng  sir and his team for wonderfull assignments and course work.
Excellent course to understand the finest details of neural networks. Much better than the course from "Machine Learning"
Have a basic idea of neural network and deep learning, and some programming experience of  the image classifying project.
It's a great Course.Professor Andrew NG explains everything really easy.Learned a lot from this course.Thank you Coursera
Concise and straight to the point. The important concepts are repeated and explained well even in a short amount of time.
Very good on fundamentals on how neural nets work. The equations and notations really helped to understand the algorithm.
It was as I expected challenge enough to keep me on track and fairly complete. Andrew was very clear on his explanations.
Awesome step by step course to see the inner working of a deep neural network and hands on programming a NN from scratch!
Difficult concepts were explained very well, and programming assignments helped me understand core concepts being taught.
Those mathematical symbols looks quite scary before I took this course, not they have become my toys, pretty cool course.
Succinct and thorough at the same time.Very useful fundamentals. Especially when taken after the original 2011 ML course.
You don't need to question a material that Prof Andrew has put together. Thanks very much for such an amazing experience.
Great course to get your hands dirty with the practical side of Machine Learning as well as a good theoretical basis too.
Really deepened my understanding on neural networks, especially the part about backward propagation. Great course indeed!
Father of deep learning, spreading knowledge in very elegant manner. It's very pleasureful, to be a troop of his AI army.
The professor explained everything with great clarity and detail which was very useful in understanding concepts quickly.
Pretty great intro material. Very straightforward and definitely good for a quick refresher or introduction to the field.
Very Interesting course. Andrew is remarkably explain the great insight to neural network. Kudos to deeplearning.ai team.
Brilliant, well paced and easy to get into. You'll be stretched mentally to complete the course, but that's a good thing.
Great introduction to neural networks. Gives both the mathematical basis and leads one though a practical implementation.
I previously completed Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course on Coursera. This one follows nicely from the original course.
Really helpful and get to know deep learning and neutral neworks. And many concept become clear after watching the videos
Thank you so much for the wonderful course, this gave me more confidence for developing logic and in Deep Neural Nework.
An exceptional course.Provides great learning experience and introduces to lots of new concepts in a better and easy way
One of the most finely explained courses. I really liked the programming assignments.Thank you for the wonderful course.
The course was built to introduce newcomers to DL. The tasks and discussion was clear and assessed in grasping material.
Very nice basic course for Deep learning Learner. You can get many fundamental knowledge and skill for Deep learning....
cource is super cool as like the sir teaching in here and the assingments are really tuff.....but makes ur concept clear
Excellent course to understand the real mathematics and logic behind the designing of Neural Networks for Deep learning.
Exceptional course. Cleared all the in depth concepts of ANN. Also assignments were up to the best standards. Thank you,
This course helps me to understand the underlying technicalities in deep learning,backpropagation, a feedforward network
A very informative course on deep learning with the right blend of mathematics and programming. I thoroughly enjoyed it.
Everything about this course is amazing...especially the assignments. They are created so well !! great learning really.
This course gave a detailed view and hands on of how to develop a Deep Neural Networks and use it for different problems
Thanks a lot deeplearning.ai team for making such a wonderful course and Andrew Ng sir for your flawless teaching style.
Clear, clean and consistent, though it is not so easy, especially for the second last assignment. But I have managed it!
it's very appropriate to follow the step of teacher and have a better understanding of Neural Network and Deep learning.
This course is very useful for beginners, it is designed in a way that will increase your confidence in neural networks.
This course introduces you the "under the hood" of neural nets. Thanks Dr. Ng and team for creating such a great course!
This course was good remind the deep learning basic. Especially, it is helpful to use Python for programming assignment.
It is great course designed by Andrew Ng, I am learning much much more about deep learning and Neural network. Thank You
I've really enjoyed this practical course. Glad to start practicing the learned concepts in the programming assignments.
Andrew Ng is such an excellent teacher. The whole course is clear and you traverse through the whole course so smoothly.
This course was very explanatory and it will definitely contribute to my upcoming personal projects. Thank you Andrew Ng
Give you key concepts to understand neural networks. Well explained, lot of practices to code neural networks equations.
It was pretty good course to get introduction to deep learning. I appreciate the way things were made easy to understand
The lecture is very clear and well organized and the assignment is extremely helpful. A good course for beginners to NN.
Very clear and exhaustive. I'm impressed by the quality of the lectures in terms of organization and growing complexity.
Great way to teach the basics of (deep) neural network ! I feel more confient in using existing Deep Learning Framework.
Thank you for clearing the concepts regarding neural network. Practical exercises helped me a lot. It is a great course.
Excellent way to understand the moving components within a basic deep learning network w/ an arbitrary number of layers.
Fantastic course. Enjoying it as I did in Andrews Machine Learning curse. Hope to complete and get this certificate too.
The material was very good, but the assignments were annoying - easy, but finicky to debug if you encountered a problem.
It is an informative intro to Neural Networks and Deep Learning. I have learned logistic regression, 2NN and LNN. Thanks
This course dives into deep learning covering all the foundations in an intuitive manner. Thoroughly enjoyed the course.
Excellent course which starts with basics of Neural Network and Python and eventually builds to a comprehensive offering
A very simple intro to neural networks. The material is accessible to anyone with basic programming and math background.
Fine course! Gives really good intuition about NN basics. I think only that programming exersizes could be more complex.
Very well structured information about deep learning, with doctor Ng's clearly description, I got a lot from the course!
Nice course, it was definately one of the best courses that i opted till now.Thank you so much for such a great course.
Excellent course with great teaching. It really is a great place to start learning about neural nets and deep learning!
Really helped me in understanding how exactly neural network works. Feeling confident after completion of the course :)
Feeling great to take this course, everything explained completely. Hope that i can keep improving with another course.
Very good. A little to hand-holdy at times - especially the amount of code provided vs what you have to write yourself.
Wonderful experience and learned lot's about the basics of networks and it's very useful for me to enhance my research.
Great course for students who want to learn deep learning from scratch provided you have very basic knowledge of python
Superb!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Course.... Thank you so much Coursera and the all the instructor. Especially Prof. Ng
Great course! I took Machine Learning in my university before this. But after this course, I understand NN more deeply.
Just Great Best Course to initiate your journey of Deep LearningThe best balance of theory and practical implementation
This course is very helpful  because help me to understand a lot of things  in Deep Learning That were mysterious to me
Andrew is a fascinating instructor. He goes step by step and teaches quite complex topics in a very comprehensible way.
Clearly explains the basic concepts of Neural network. This would make advanced neural network understanding very easy.
Wonderful experience, I am really grateful for getting the financial aid and being able to achieve step 1 of my target.
This course really helped to deep into details and to get a more clear understanding of building basic neural networks.
I enjoyed the basics of Neural nets. But sometimes I had to skip certain oversimplification of mathematical constructs.
Very good introductory course covering the basic, but key, features and tools necessary for developing neural networks.
I really liked the way the whole course is structured and the way things are explained, would recommand this to anyone!
A Great Course to learn Deep Learning. loved every part of it. Thanks to Andrew Ng for creating such an amazing course.
I enjoyed the course, and I learned a lot! I hope to keep improving my knowledge of machine learning and deep learning.
Excellent introduction to Neural Networks. This course gives a really nice way to understand how neural networks works.
Great Course ! the Step-By-Step guide to build the Neural Networks was very helpful and complemented nicely the videos.
This course was amazing!  I loved it so much I completed in less than 8 days!  I can't wait to continue on to the next!
It is really nice for a beginner! "If you don't know about xxxx, don't worry! I will explain it in the next video" haha
It's a great course for people who have some programming experience and want to get into the world of machine learning!
It helped me lot to clear my fundamental concepts about the neural networks. I fits in perfectly like it is told about.
This was an awesome follow up to Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course! Can't wait to continue on in the specialization!!
I learned a lot. It is very interesting, I recommend this course 100%, only if you are starting in this world (like me)
Thanks a lot for this course. I'm grateful and indebted to you guys. Please continue providing higher education for us.
Good class for starterNeural Networks and motivational to continue with the next course of Deep Learning Specialization
Very well made. Thorough yet simple explanations for foundational building blocks of Neural Networks and Deep Learning.
Great course as always from Dr. Ng. Programming assignments were somewhat easy compared to the machine learning course.
Nice! It's easy to understand. I implemented my first ANN by doing this assignments! Looking forward to next courses...
This course gives insight about developing a neural network and how to use a neural network to solve real-life problems
Good introduction to deep learning. Even for refresh, it still gives those important points of deep learning for recap.
It's a good course . Mr. Andrew really took the pace from basics to a real point of  understanding .#Highly recommended
very nicely taught, would have been more better if coding help would have been provided. As always Andrew Ng is Awesome
It is very comprehensive course which helped me understand the essential part of deep neural network! Thanks Andrew Ng!
Got to open black box of neural network and deep learning, learnt the science behind neural network , cost calculation.
Very good instructional design and contents. I really enjoyed this course. It becomes more interesting as you go along.
Great for beginners, excellent explanations, and you walk away with a great sense of confidence to fuel your curiosity!
The best Deep Learning Course available... The videos along with the programming assignments make this course complete.
I think the course is really very good and has definitely motivated me to apply the concepts in different applications.
That's great course specially for beginner at Deep learning.I'm so happy for Finnish this course and got certification.
Slightly hard to understand, but Great introduction to the math and programming design considerations in deep learning.
A Great and easy to follow Course, I had much fun doing the assignments  .Thanks to Professor Andrew Ng, Great teacher.
Very good course.Only one verdict.It's fucking expensive. My father isn't a sultan. Maybe financial aid would be nice !
Really enjoyed the learning of doing everything from scratch. Expecting next series of courses become tougher to clear.
Really good course for beginners. Well explained and the assignments are ok to follow. Really appreciate the good work!
Loved the course, good explanations and doable tasks! So repetitions but a good amount to get familiar with everything.
This course made me write neural networks from scratch, something I always wanted to do but never did. Best thing ever
One of the best ways to improve linear algebra and (python)programming oriented to deep neural networks implementaion.
Do yourself a favor and take the Machine Learning precursor course. This was wonderful. Thanks you guys. It was great.
Great initial course that gives you the details you need to know to understand the basics of how neural networks work.
Great Teaching with good insights into its derivations as well. must for all people interested in deep learning field.
Course video along with with the coding assignment really helps clear some of the key concepts! Thanks for the course!
Amazing course by deeplearning.ai. <3Sir Andrew was so impressive and clear in his expressions. Thank you coursera. <3
A great one that works me through the fundamentals, especially the logic and mathematic behind the learning algorithm.
It was a great learning experience for me. I have learned a lot about neural network basics and how to implement them.
It was the perfect course for beginning with Deep Learning and Neural Networks. Andrew is such a great instructor too!
Too light on the math and videos are relatively low-quality, but it is simultaneously enjoyable and quite instructive.
I like this course very much, and I think Andrew Ng can make me earily understand all of the knowledge in this course.
Excellent course. Very well explained. Full credit to Andrew Ng (one of the best lecturers) for explaining it so well.
Great course, easy to follow and with exercises that really help the learner to digest the knowledge and make it real!
It's really helpful and clear. Though the programming part was a little bit challenging for me, but I really enjoy it!
Excellent Course! This course teach you all the different pieces to create an entire Deep Neural Network from scratch!
Excellent tutorial , brilliant teaching, programming assignments help greatly for understanding the concepts very well
Very friendly introduction to neural networks. Videos provide all the elements required to accomplish the assignments.
Nice course.Thanks for Andrew Ng make this wonderful class! I think I got a lot from this class !Thanks,thanks,thanks!
Perfect, if you have already done the first course from same professor. (Backprop intuition is better in first course)
Great course, it really thoroughly answered the questions that came up during the lectures. Informative and practical.
Great course. Explains very well the foundations of neural networks.I finally understood backpropagation thanks to it!
This course is very become it provide great details on both mathematical derivation and also on python implementation.
Very good explanation and get good intuition about neural networks and deep learning. Thanks so much. I appreciate it.
I took ML course a few months ago. This course helped me to review the ML contents in the pythonic context. Thank you.
Excellent Leature. Course structure is awesome. Highly recommended
for anyone who is interested in deep neuro network.
A short, comprehensive course on NNs that will get you up and running. Also contains some nice programming exercisies.
Andrew Ng sir has made even some tough concepts of Deep Learning easy to learn. Thank you for such an excellent course
There could not be any better introduction to deep learning than this. Really enjoyed the videos as well as exercises.
Another brilliant course from Andrew Ng and an excellent follow up to his Machine Learning course. Highly recommended!
Crisp and clear information with plenty of exercises to help better understand the concepts and programming in Python.
It is an excellent introduction to Deep Learning. Thorough and well-explained, as it seems to be the norm with Dr. Ng.
Good course as it gives you knowledge as how to make your own model and develops intuition to solve different problems
Good course with not only the theoretical part, but also with practice using Python on Notebooks! Definitely is worth!
Very nice, hands on course. Its challenging as I am not any more a coder but could pick up faster than what i thought.
Excellent Course to start deeplearningThis course saves time reading book and attending lectures. Absolutely loved it.
It might be the best online DL course by now.  All the assignments are designed perfectly and very useful and helpful.
The assignment were well guided easy and well documented you can keep these assignment as a reference for future work
This is one of the best course, by having theory classs you have to work with ral problem assignment, that was great!
This course was an excellent introduction to NN and DL! The programming assignments were very interactive and useful!
Quite DEEP mathematical background knowledge of how DEEP Learning and Neural Networks work inside. Thanks Andrew NG !
Extremely thorough course and the instructor does a great job in explaining each and every concept with great detail.
The best course ever, I really want all courses to be math related and introduced using algebra and probability more.
Course materials and contents are significantly well-designed. I could follow the instructor during the whole course.
Its a very nice course.The instructor gives me detailed instructions so it was a lot easier to see it work for myself
Andrew explained things very clearly and all the notebooks had the right amount of information to help me solve them.
I gain a good knowledge from this course. It describe everything smoothly so anyone can understand the course content
It was a well design course, and I really like the test function and answers provided for verification of the module.
this is the best course to learn the concepts of deep learning.i hav learned and understood many things practically .
This course has a strong emphasis on the fundamentals of deep learning and is an excellent introduction to the field.
It's awesome it got everything you need to understand. I would have included more statistical principles and Bayes :)
The course is wonderful from a beginner perspective. It is very intuitive and the discussions forums are very useful.
A highly recommended for beginning with deep learning. Assignments are very useful. And topics are briefly discussed.
Amazing course and has some type of variety topics like derivatives ,python ,and so.also a lot of thanks to Ms.Andrew
Great for understanding the basics of Neural Networks and deep learning and how to build one from scratch using Numpy
Very helpful and informative in getting into Deep Learning. The lectures are well taught and keep the interest going.
The instructor has explained in a clear and concise manner which helped me to understand how neural network is built.
Highly recommended the course to strengthen the basics. I'm glad that I could complete. Learnt alot from this course.
This is an exceptional course, highly recommended. This course beats Machine Learning course for me as it is shorter.
Thanks for your knowledge about Deep Learning so much, looking forward to studying many useful course from Coursera !
Amaziiiiiiiiing course...... Learnt a lot.... its the best course to start with deep learning..... Thank you coursera
Straightforward with practical application.  I would like more about neural nets designed for structured data though.
I think it is a great way to learn how to implement neural networks in Python. Maybe more weeks would be even better1
Well designed videos, great length, and super well guided, fun programming exercises. Couldn't recommend this higher!
Very good, From this course, I know how to build my own deep neural network on python! Thank you, coursera, very much
The course is very helpful for beginners who know little calculus. The slides and code practice are all step by step.
Clear explanation with the mathematical background needed to get into Neural networks :) loved the pace of the course
Exceptional. A very good introduction to DNN. Goes into the detail, but this is really useful for a solid foundation.
I totally recommend this course if you want to learn the foundations of deep learning. It's clear and very well made.
Not quite as amazing as Ng's origin ML course, but still five stars and the Python is so much friendlier than Octave!
This course really gives a deep and practical understanding of subjects like deep neural network and backpropogation.
The course is very well thought. The material is clear and the forum contains a lot of information when I felt stuck.
There were some issues in the Week 4 Building Deep Neural Network questions, except that, I really loved this course.
This course is so good that it can let me know better about deep learning theory and how to use it into the practice.
A truly great course. It was so much fun and I learned a lot. Thank you for making such a solid and enjoyable course.
The course is terrific.I would recommend adding exercises that are a little bit less obvious and less a walk-through.
excellent teaching approach, with quite clear structure and easy-to-understand, but definitely sufficient assignment!
Great course.. The best part of this course is, I learnt the Neural Network from scratch without using any framework.
Excellent course. Prof Ng breaks it down so its easy to understand the fundamentals and build towards higher concepts
As always Andrew Ng gives full introduction to neural network specially vectorization topic and their implementation.
Very good - the only thing that was surprising were all the notation changes  compared to the machine_learning course
Recommend to follow the course that likes to learn deep learning, good balance between theory and practical exercises
This course provides fundamental knowledge on what NN's are and how to build them in plain, yet in effective manner.
The Step-by-step instruction on each assignment is really helpful to let you learn the application of deep learning.
This course is the best course if you want to learn about neural networks and implement them in a best way possible.
An intuitive introduction to Neural Networks! I am extremely thankful for the deeplearning.ai  team for this course.
I appreciate the teacher's effort. But if you teach with more example, your lecture will be best. Thank you so much.
Amazing course. It provides good intuition behind basics such as neural network layers and activation functions etc.
Great course...if u want to learn the math behind deep learning then this is the course. At last Andrew Ng is great.
Thanks for teachers and who prepares this course. I learned a lot about deep learning and i will use what i learned.
I've studied this before, but I think that the implementation phase finally made me fully understand how a NN works.
This is course is amazing! Thanks to the Andrew now i understand better the different concepts of the Deep Learning.
This course helped me to understand neural networks in a better way and it is explained very well by the instructor.
The course thought me basics of deep learning and its implementation.Looking forward to complete the specialization.
Well explained at a good pace by the instructor. Looking forward to more specialization courses by professor Andrew.
Great course to get started with deep learning. The topics are explained in great details and are easy to understand
Very comprehensive course and the exercises are straightforward. Sometimes the videos can be a little bit repetitive
It was such a brilliant course such that i intensively implemented and debugged many essential codes for NN in depth
Andrew explains Neural Networks in a simple and intuitive way clearing all basic concepts required for a strong base
Detailed and well articulated courses. It helped me further in understanding and learning after completing ML course
This was the best course on building neural networks from scratch, as well as how to structure your code effectively
This course was very well explained and very practical. I can now build a neural network any structure from scratch.
Amazing course. Synthetic but thorough explanations. I wish there were more questions during the videos. 5+ stars :)
A very simplified course for easy understanding and implementation of  how to get the introduction to Deep Learning.
It is a great experience, the course is easy to understand and the test is good way to consoled what I have learned!
I wish there were more questions during the videos. Those were very helpful to stay track with the concept going on.
A very nice compilation of lectures and concepts  on Neural Networks.The hands-on programming exercises are awesome.
This was difficult for me, but the difficulty also made it so rewarding. So excited to continue this specialization.
High quality course and exercises. Explaining complicated stuff in a simple way is an art and Andrew Ng is an artist
Prof. Ng's eclectic and clear explanation makes Neural Network easier to understand. I would like to thank Prof. Ng.
Everything in the course was well structured and well explained. Andrew NG is the best instructor for deep learning.
Great course! Instructor explains all the concepts with great clarity. Pumped for next course in the specialization.
Very helpful and easily understand.  The assignments are useful and helpful to understand the concepts. Many thanks!
It was awesome! Thank you very much for creating such amazing course! I am looking forward to the next four courses!
Very good course to learn the fundamentals. However, the programming exercises could be a little bit more difficult.
Awesome course the pipeline of the deep neural network and the explanation of the intuition behind is quite helpful.
Well prepared course, if you study assignments (don't just try-error) you will learn a great deal. Thanks Andrew NG.
very easy to follow, and got basic knowledge of DNN.the assignment is not hard and programming hints are everywhere.
Absolutely Awesome course. If you want to develop intuitions in deep learning , you should not miss out this course.
Excellent Course! What an amazing experience watching lectures and learning from 'The Guru'. Thanks Andrew and team!
Exceptional course was a little confusing but in the end I guess I just scraped through;Andrew NG is a great teacher
Great Course for beginners! It gives great insight to get started with deep learning techniques with the right pace.
This is rather easy course targeted at someone who wants to fast learn about ANN and apply them to his own problems.
I love teaching style of Andrew Ng - he develops very good intuition about the algorithms as well as implementation.
very well organized contenteasy to follow yet provide thorough understandingthank you so much for this great course!
Superb course so far. Andrew Ng is a master of making the seemingly scary and complex seem all warm fluffy and easy.
Andrew has explained this abstract problem so clearly and easily. It's so exciting and great for us junior  learner.
Great course compared to all others I have seen so far. I will give more detailed description in the near future. G.
The coding exercise could be a little bit more harder to test our knowledge!But overall, it is a great DL 101 class!
Andrew Ng's ability to break down complex ideas and communicating it in the simplest way possible is second to none.
Very good explanation Mr. Andrew. Also good assignments and programming assignments. It is excellent for beginners.
the best part was the intuitions professor gave us and also the computational parts that were all in perfect detail
This course gave me so much basic understanding about ML & DL and tutors to make it so understandable & interesting
This course is a great sequel for Andrew's ML course and a great introduction to deep learning. Highly recommended.
First of all congratulations on this beautiful course, with very detailed concepts, I was very satisfied, thank you
This course was really informative. The assignments were really good and were designed to be easily understandable.
The professor's lectures were very helpful, especially the programs I prepared for the practice were so satisfying.
Well-structured lectures with notebooks and assignments laid out excellently for hands-on implementation experience
Really explanatory combined with detailed hands-on. Never attended a course so advanced yet so basic to understand.
Intuitive until the last moment, the mentors are great and so fast replying questions, a great course without doubt
the courses were very nice and helpfulI found this training useful for me, I learned many new thingsthank you a lot
This course was integrated theory with practical application quite well. Kudos to coursera , lecturors and mentors!
Really nice course for everyone wanting to start learning about AI with minimal programming and calculus knowledge.
This really made approaching deep learning a lot less scary. Thank you for helping me to shorten my learning curve.
Great course to learn and implement Deep Neural Networks. Programming assignments increase the understanding a lot.
Very good training even if without too much math background. Professor is very good in explaining complex concepts.
Great videos and Exercises! Was able to understand the concepts and implement them in parallel. Highly Recommended!
Very intuitive and interesting course. The video lectures are easy to understand and tests are of superior quality.
One of the best courses. Does a lot of handholding however for someone new to this topic, its a great way to learn.
Amazing to go through this course after using tensor-flow for many project so that minute details can be understood
Very Nice lectures on the vectorization part which makes the whole network understandable and incredibly intuitive.
It has a very good aproach to Deep Learning. I think maybe the programming assignments where a little bit too easy.
I finally was able to complete the course, would revisit time and again. This course made my concepts really clear.
Very intuitive course, coding assignment really easy and straight forward, valuable and practical concepts covered.
Homework is a little bite easy in the last week, but generally speaking I think the homework design is very useful.
High quality course, Andrew Ng's understanding of the subject matter is unparalleled. Couldn't have asked for more!
Has given me a good introduction to Neural Networks and Deep Learning. Looking forward to growing on this learning.
Neat and step by step explanation! The assignments are also prepared with care! Truly pedagogical and masterful! :)
Extremely helpful in understanding basics and purpose of deep learning and training examples are extremely helpful.
Clear and easy to understand. If you have taken the Machine Learning Course, this course should be easier to follow
the best course on this subject I've ever attended.  Assignments are challenging but it gets clearer as you proceed
The Assignments Made the videos clear thank you very much, and the PDF or Power Point lecture saved lot of troubles
great videos. not so keen on the notebook format but figured out how to download and get it all running in pycharm.
In depth course coverage and with theoretical  and practical assignment helped me to understand the concept clearly
Learn many implementation tips and tricks from the real life experience of the course teacher. Thank you very much.
A major upgrade to the first Machine Learning course. Coupled with some linear algebra study, it was not that hard.
it is very useful to me.the speakers are extraordinary teach the lessonsvery useful to my research alsothanking you
The Best "Getting Started With NN and DL" out there, taught by the best there is and ever will be, "Shri Andrew Ng"
Very good structured course for those who want to kick off the interesting journey through machine learning and AI!
Great course material and explanation, assignments further help in strengthening conceptual grasp of deep learning.
If you have basic linear algebra skills, this course is perfet to set your brain in th "deep learning forma-mentis"
Extremely helpful to have a deep understanding of Deep learning. (Mathematically, Python-ically and conceptually. )
The course gives a good introduction to Deep learning on a basic level, so that everyone can understand the basics.
Perfect as it can be from Andrew Ng. Nothing to add, everything that needed to be said can be found in his courses.
Very good opportunity to learn how Neural Networks, Deep networks work and how to train them with back-propagation.
Great course as an introduction to Neural Networks and Deep Learning. Easy to follow and extremely well structured.
Exceptionnal course with good content which is presented in a very simple and yet effective way by master Andrew Ng
Excellent primer. When you are done you fully understand forward and back propagation. Also, a great intro to numPy
Another classic Andrew Ng course. Hats off to this guy for his natural talent for explaining tough concepts easily!
Great video instructions and excellent coding practices! The python codes are so well constructed and illustrative!
Great course, learned lots! The material was easy to follow and the lectures were very well detailed and presented.
made with with a lot of effort and presented in way that's very simple to grasp - esp the programming side of NNs.
It's a really well organized and self-contained course for absolute beginners with a little programming background
The challenging assignments in this course made me concentrate more on the code I write and I think this is great.
Amazing course. Mr. Ng explains things very clearly and his methods helps with the gaps in your calculus knowledge
I learnt the basic of ANN in the most systematic way , and understood how python is really used to its  potential.
ireally likedthecourse.itwasberydetailand helpful to understand the basic underlying concepts for neural networks.
Highly recommended Very good course for the people who want to get started with neural networks and Deep learning.
Amazing. Andrew just shows me the way of Neural Network working.  Thank you Andrew, I will join your next courses.
Amazing course for budding deep learning engineers/scientist. Best course for beginning the journey in this field.
An excellent and very progressive course presented by the great professor of Artificial Intelligence: Prof. Andrew
A very useful and informative course with lot of practical exposure on application based problem solving approach.
Its really good course. The explanation of the topic s super. It will really help u understand the complex things.
Awesome course to iunderstand the basics of neural networks. Now I dont have any doubts regarding Neural networks.
Even for a beginner, this course is super comprehensive. I can recommend it to anyone interested in deep learning!
Andrew Ng's courses always are amazing! If you are still doubting on taking it, go for it, it is totally worth it!
I could not find any words to thank Mr. Andrew Ng and his team for providing such a wonderfully structured course.
Excellent training, gives a very good background before exploring this vast topic by yourself! Highly recommended.
This is outstanding course. I am happy to complete it because all the topics has been explained from bottom level.
Programming assignments provides excellent opportunity to understand neural networks inner workings. Great Course!
This course was helping me to gain better understanding about neural network either conceptually and  practically.
The best course to understand the basics of neural networks.This course makes the concepts clear and very intutive
This is one of the good course I learnt from this course so much and it is the best and good knowledge of learning
Great introductory course. Covered the basics and provides a base code for implementing NN for practical purposes.
This is my first time to study some technology in Coursera and get a certificate, it is a really great experience~
Thank you for such a  simplified and deep explanation of  Deep neural nets and providing hands on with Raw coding.
it's very helpful, because it will give you a comprehensive insight into deep learning.  Well Suited For Beginners
Excellent review of material from Machine Learning course with Python and new linear approach Wx + b (kind of :) )
Compared with other online AI course I took, this course has proper depth of math and insights. I enjoyed it a lot
The best way to dive deep in deep learning with beautiful python programming assignments. Many thanks to the team.
It is very good course even if you already know the ML Concepts. It improves the skills and insight of algorithms.
Great course! I'd done some deep learning before but the course was really good at filling in knowledge gaps I had
Good trade-off of the theory (calculus) behind NNs and practicalities when implementing simplest versions of them.
Excellent course for understanding the fundamentals of Deep Learning. Loved the 'Hero's of Deep Learning' segment.
it's good to start with this course if you want to enter into this Deep- deep AIand later to decide what suits you
basic understanding of Deep Neural network along with implementation gives a building block in Deep Neural network
Excellent course, very well conceived. If you want to learn neural networks, start here. Many thanks to Andrew Ng.
Excellent! This course provide you all basic knowledge of NN so that you will be able to learn the main fraimwork.
I enjoyed learning and  doing assignments. Request to give more tough assignments to get more practice/confidence.
Just great...you can really learn a tremendous amount if you complete this course.  Thanks to Dr. Ng and his team!
Very good course, explaining very complex things by simple enough language, to be understood by whoever need it :)
Excellent review and expansion of the material covered in Professor Ng's free Machine Learning course on Coursera.
Very good Material, Professor Andrew Ng explains the background math of Neural Networks very easily to understand.
Excellent deep dive (no pun intended) into all the key elements of building a neural network.  Highly recommended!
I had some deep learning experiences, but this course does give me a systematical learning. Really a good course!
Wonderful . Andrew Sir is the real genius of ML/DL.Thanks a lot Sir. would be eager to go through the next course
the Jupyter notebooks locked up at least once per session.  be sure to save and checkpoint.   otherwise loved it.
It gave me a better and clear understanding about what is Deeplearning and made me indulge more into the subject.
Mr Andrew Neg -- you're great mentor. Learned a lot from course. Thanks courser platform for making it available.
Amazing course, by far the most in depth explanation of deep learning and back propagation I've found on the web.
Good introductory course. Very nicely explained. Particularly the interviews with the AI experts was a nice idea.
Amazing course, totally recommended for those who are starting to learn about Neural Networks and related topics.
The programming assignments really helped me understand the concepts of Neural Networks and Deep Neural Networks.
A great pedagogy, clear theoretical explanations and numerous applications are proposed. I recommend this course.
This course teaches how to implement neural networks from scratch. It is a bit tough course but totally worth it.
The way of step by step teaching is amazing. Really learned a lot and enjoyed thoroughly. Thanks for this course.
Andrew Ng is the best when it comes to simplifying the DL concepts. He gives great intuition about every concept.
I love Dr Andrew Ng's courses and this is no different. Well organized and succinct lectures. Thank you Coursera!
Very good course helping understand the architecture of the deep neural network and how to build it from scratch.
Great Course to understand fundamentals of Deep Learning. It has the right balance of mathematics and programming
The best deep learning course I've ever had. I'll continue to take other courses. Thank you for this opportunity.
Good introduction to neural networks and gradually going into deep neural networks. Easy to understand exercises.
this course clears the basic understanding of neural networks and make basics clears.highly recommend this course
The course was fun to learn and the assignments were also fun. Highly recommended for beginners in deep learning.
It was a great course to start with your deep learning studies. very nice quizzes and assignment. Thanks a lot...
Very clearly explained. And the flow of the entire concepts make it even more easier to comprehend and implement.
Probably the most thoroughly explained material on deep learning. Andrew Ng is the true GURU of Machine Learning.
Thanks a lot for this course, it makes me confident especially about the fundamental behind deep learning (maths)
It is very helpful and interesting. For new people it's best way to start with neural networks and deep learning.
A wonderful course on deep learning. It was easy to follow and the assignments made the concepts even more clear.
Excellent course ..  the basics were explained clearly in sizable chunks that were easy to follow and understand.
It is the most basic course for anyone diving into deep learning though require understanding of python concepts.
The course design and homework design is very good, let me learn the deep learning thinking. Thank you very much!
This is a totally new experience for me and it will help me break into AI by learning the on-line specialization.
Excellent courses with clear explanation of neural network and how it works. And its not difficult for beginners.
Very beneficial and informative, its well structured and it is taught in a very clear and easy to understand way.
This course is very interesting and very useful as it really helped me understanding the core of neural networks.
Very good explanation
for beginners as well as good recap for advanced users. Nice introduction to
Python for me.
Great Curriculum... Well designed, clear to read and easy to follow !I leaned a lot from scratch.Congratulations.
I like this course, and I feel happy when I learn it and understand deeper when I complete the program assignment
This course is  great and well organized. You only need to know some baby math to build your own neural networks.
The course is excellent and perfectly explained.Loved it and looking forward to complete the whole specialization
The course is like an extension of the machine learning. It's useful and clear! Great thanks to professor Andrew!
Much easier to follow than the original Stanford Machine Learning course by Andrew Ng. Highly recommend this one!
Great Course to understand the fundamentals of Neural networks and Deep Learning. Big Thumbs Up to Andrew and TAs
Excellent introduction to the basic building blocks. Andrew NG is elaborate and makes it easy to follow the math.
The course is great, but I strongly recommend that the required portions of the coding projects should be longer.
Tough going course but if you have strong Linear Algebra it is pretty interesting. Recommended. Thanks Sir Andrew
Great way to structure the assignments with the python notebooks and the explanations step by step. Great course.
Very interesting assignments. Good materials. And IMHO, Andrew Ng is the best teacher ever!!!Thank you very much!
Finally starting to make sense of the concepts! great course and teaching material and of course, great delivery!
Excellent course that taught me the essentials of Deep Learning NN in a VERY entertaining and interesting manner!
This class was much easier than I thought it would be.  Which is mostly due to Professor Ng's excellent teaching.
There are errors in the videos such as Z[l] = g(a[l]) etc. Also, there are ongoing errors with the grading system
Excellent beginner level course: it gets your hand dirty so you understand the low level logic of neural networks
Great course, easy to follow and understand. It helped me clear some doubts, and understand deep learning better.
Both math explication and coding guideline are great! Assignments are helpful and inspired to build own NN tools.
Very well structured course with all the math explained so you are able to actullay build the model on your own!
Clear and precise explanations. A good starting point for implementing own neural network according to our needs
The teacher is extremely clear and the assigments are well done and prepare you enough to experiment by yourself
this course is good for build my fundamental intuition and math, i like that, i know how to neural network works
The content is not too difficult to understand. Furthermore, the programming part is challenging and motivating.
Outstanding introductory course on  Deep Learning. Thanks professor Andrew Ng for your imparting your knowledge.
This course is perfect for those who have previous programming knowledge  and are interested in Deep Learning :)
Andrew ng's teaching is unlike any other professor. He makes complicated and confusing stuff easy to understand.
Intuitive and Good explanation, offers a satisfying and hands on approach to build neural networks from scratch!
Great Course. Thank you Andrew Ng. for the detailed and simplified explanation of the basics of neural networks.
This is a great introduction to deep learning through application of shallow ML and building into deep networks.
This is absolutely a great course for who try to learn deep learning from its scratch with mathematics behind it
Dr. Ng's lecture and homework are both excellent for starter in Deep learning. Thank Dr. Ng for giving coursera!
could not have asked for a better intro to DL course. I was clearly able to understand each topic. Thanks a lot.
The course was point on and fun to learn. Thank you for doing this for us Mr. Andrew Ng. We are grateful for it.
I am very supprise that this course has brought to me billions of deep learning knowledge. Thanks, Dr. Andrew Ng
The best course for deep learning that anyone can think of. I have learnt a lot looking forward for next course.
A must course for all the people who want to understand the basics to advance not just use frameworks directly!!
backword propagation try to make it easier when doing derivation....and don't make the data clumsy while writing
it'a a very great and organized course. A very simple yet interesting approach for explaining things. Thank you!
Really important course to go through. Acts as the base of Machine Learning. Really recommend taking this course
Its a lot of useful content and its knowledge gold mine. I am so thankful to Andrew Ng for teaching the subject.
Thanks Andrew Ng, I really love his heuristic teaching style, I learnt a lot from this course. Thank you so much
Highly efficient and helpful... Andrew just puts it in much simpler terms... I am very grateful to the Course...
The course is excellent, but I am missing downloadable PDFs like you had with the basic Machine Learning course.
Amazing in-depth explanation by Andrew, I'm so thankful to team courser for providing me with the financial aid.
Good course for beginners in AI. This course permit to enter to a deep knowledge of AI using NN & DL techniques.
Beyond my expectation, Now I can confidently add this to my resume and do industry projects :) Thanks, Andrew Ng
Good teaching, excellent use of teaching aids, nice presentation, useful exercises, easy to use online platform.
It was awesome. Presentation and assignments were awesome. Andrew Ng sir is awesome and an extremely good tutor.
Perfect! I like it, and it is very useful for me to understand the concepts of Deep Learning.Full stars for you.
It's awesome and a little challenged! It will walk you through the programming steps, and I think it is helpful!
Step by step introduction to neural network. very detailed and well explained. Lecturer is also very encouraging
Very easy to follow. Structure of training superb. Depth and breath coverage of relevant concept is outstanding.
andrew is exceptional with his vision of making deep learning a global learning, loved every bit of his teaching
Excellent course, highly recommended for beginners in deep learning with a little bit of programming experience.
I'm a green hand in neural networks and deep learning and feel that it introduce me to this field in a nice way.
Exceptional explanation of the theory and the guided programming makes rookies like me feel like coding ninja's.
Great beginning course to explain clearly the fundamental principal of Neural Networks and backward propagation.
Very good level for learning how to think about and gain intuition when building and using deep neural networks.
Excellently articulated and perfectly directed for people trying to delve into Deep Learning. Highly Recommended
Deeply amazed by the smooth learning curve to enhance my deep learning skills. No chance of over-fitting here :)
Excellent course to help you go from absolute novice, to building a deep neural network, within couple of weeks.
This is the best and clearest explanation of Deep learning I have ever seen thanks to Dr. Ng and deeplearning.ai
This is the best course on Deep Learning. The machine learning by Andrew Ng is the prerequisite for this course.
As a beginner in the DL site, I think it's a good course for me. I learned and practiced the basic things of NN
Very usefull to understand the neural networks more deeply. From the maths behind the neurons to your first NN.
I am really happy that I learned how to build a deep learning model from scratch! This is a recommended course!
Good introductory course to learn Deep Learning! Very simple a explanations in the videos and in the notebooks.
In depth Neural Network mathematical theory and implementation, clearly explained step by step. Awesome course.
It's a well-designed course to get started in deep learning. Easy to follow through with well-formed intuition.
A very interesting course in which you can learn the basis of deep learning and even program your fists models.
Well explained, the structure and flow of the videos and materials is great and not too tiring or intimidating.
Yes. Taking this course is very helpfulto me. Iam seeking interest and am going to complete this specialization
well structured and straight to the point. A lot of attention to the details, specially the math behind the NNs
Very well structured and quite simple, especially compared to the Machine Learning Course. Thank You Professor!
This is the start. Hope this specialization helps me gain some evident skils. Great Course! Thanks Andrew Ng :)
Very good course on python and deep learning, guides you a lot, more than i would like but still is really good
I loved this courseinstructor is excellent but if you are an absolute beginner this course might not be for you
awesome course, how Prof. Andrew Ng teachs is awesome. plus excercises make sure you'll understood the concept.
This course is useful for beginners. I was interested in Deep Learning and I was very glad to find this course.
One of the best courses I have taken. Great Professor, explained all the concepts in detail. I really loved It.
Thank  Doctor Ng making so good course  that makes me understand deep neural network clearly for the first time
It is really helpful to take part in this course. I really love it and I will keep on learning on this website.
Excellent starting point for learning Neural Networks! Clear content and well tailored programming assignments!
Good course, the sections on explaining matrix dimension for each layer and math derive part is really helpful.
An excellent course that is well worth taking. Professor Ng has a great way of explaining complicated subjects.
The lectures are good, the assignments are especially helpful to deepen my understanding. Deep learning indeed!
Very well-explained course material and helpful assignments. Learning this course is challenging and rewarding.
This course would dive you into the internals of a Neural network just using numpy without the high level apis.
Great course as a addition to machine learning course. I'm looking forward to completing entire specialization.
the way in which this course is taught is awesome..Also , The way in which assignment is organised is very good
The multi-layer neural network with algorithm has been covered step by step with a good amount of hand-holding.
Great coverage and explanation of fundamentals of DL. But it does miss out on some calculus derivations though.
Its my pleasure to be a part of this course. A lot knowledge to gain. Thanks Sir Andrew for such a nice course.
The assignment is pretty good for a beginner to take the first step into the mysterious world of deep learning!
This course simplifies neural networks for anyone to understand including people without engineering background
Dr. Ng gives intuition behind each concept he explains. This class is great to start diving into deep learning.
Awesome course. I have decided to take entire deep learning specialization after seeing quality of this course.
Again like before, Andrew's course is easy to follow and has an intuitive teaching about really hard knowledge.
Good beginner course for deep learning, you can finish this course easily even don't need to be good at python.
It is very easy, the subject itself isn't, but the way they deliver the information to your mind is fascinating
Really great course! The I loved the format of the coding assignments, but maybe they led the user on too much.
The course is quite basic, but gives good intuition of what neural networks are and how back propagation works.
The course provides me with the very basis of deep learning, which is great for people with/without background!
This is a fantastic course, and Andrew is an absolutely wonderful teacher. Can't wait to take the next courses!
Got a better understanding for creating neural networks from scratch without relying on library magic too much.
Awesome course which provides fundamental understanding of the concepts that are the foundation of neural nets.
Very helpful in understanding the essential components of a multi-layer neural network. Very much recommended !
Very good course to get started in Deep learning field. The interview by the experts are the icing on the cake.
Great update to the classic Machine Learning course. The new tools make the learning experience very rewarding.
A very good lesson. Though it is a hard to learn course, the professor teaches it an easy to learn way. Thanks.
Coding the whole neural network from scratch is this best feature of the course. Best course on deep learning!
The course content was very well laid out and the instructor was very engaging and informative in his delivery
This is a very useful course for introductory neural network learning. It helped a lot to build my confidence.
Really good course for people who want to gain a some knowledge of how Deep Learning and Neural Networks work.
Excellent Course! Detailed videos with quizzes and programming exercises to help you in your learning process.
Very good course. Addressed details of back propagation that were lacking in earlier machine learning courses.
Very Nice! I feel fortunate to gain knowledge from Andrew. Course is tailored to easy your learning process...
Extremely useful course to give a big picture about the basics of Deep Learning. Happy to learn with Coursera!
It is a very useful course, it is very well explained in a simple manner. Thank you for providing this course!
Interesting course for the fundamentals of neural networks. You get to implement from scratch your own deep NN
Very helpful and has descriptive course and assignments .Even those with very less background info can learn .
Great course for beginners! But I still confuse functions a bit. Anyway, it's a very useful course. Thank you!
Really gave me a hands on approach that i wanted. I'm now much confident in even using Deep learning libraries
One of the great course ,i ever come across. Andrew Ng's teaching style makes more the course more interesting
Good course to enter into wonder box of NN & DL. I liked the narration, a good blend of theory and practicals.
As always, when I learn with Andrew Ng: great course! The best introduction to deep learning that I have seen.
Very good course.Those who wants to know about NN from scratch this will be the best course  I will recommend.
Definitely the best-known course with immense knowledge and in-depth intuition. Great work by deeplearning.ai.
Instructor Andrew Ng has explained very thoroughly especially math behind every neural network. Good to learn.
Great course - concepts are very well explained and the assignments are helpful for understanding the material
This course gives an excellent introduction to deep learning. Andrew Ng's teaching is very clear and engaging.
Best course for Deep Learning. Andrew Ng is no doubt the best person to learn ML / DL from. Highly recommended
Thorough explanation of a neural network's internals, enriched with detailed (but still clear) visualizations!
GIves into depth understanding of basic notions. Assignments also foster understanding of concepts on practice
Outstanding course. Not only the best on-line course I've ever taken but also one of the best courses overall.
Very clear and concise lectures. The instructions for the programming assignments are clear and comprehensive.
I really enjoyed this one!!! I think the exercises are really helpful and make me think deeply! Thanks Andrew!
detailed and step by step instructions in the assignments are very helpful, and so are the Andrew NG videos :)
Extremely well prepared course. The explanations are very detailed and the programming exercises are very good
The assignments could do with a little less hand holding which would make solving them a little more rewarding
Perfect balance between hands-on and theoretical approaches. Good Pace for an introductory course on the topic
Great course, every details is well explained, every exercise is step-by-step explained and tested. Thank you!
Excellent Course. Next challenge to myself will be to do the programming assignment on local jupyter notebook.
great course to cement your understanding about neural networks as well as why and how back propogation works.
Got a detailed, practical undestanding of how neural networks are implemented. Got intuition on why they work.
Very good explanation by Prof.Andrew Ng. Recommended course for beginners and practitioners in Neural Network.
Excellent course. All material well explained and nice programming exercises to build your own neural network.
Thanks Andrew for teaching us amazing concepts on deep neural networks in an easy and fun way!. Just loved it!
I'm very thankful for this wonderful online course! Many thanks to the mentors! Andrew NG is the best teacher!
Very gentle introduction to the key concepts and implementation required for shallow and deep neural networks.
Excellent course. I think it should be put together as a textbook that can be used in parallel with the course
The assignments were excellent, they really broke each step down into pieces and built them up together slowly
Dr. Ng is great. A lot of math explained in a straight-forward way. I really enjoyed this learning experience.
Everything about this course was just perfect. i hope the next one in the specialization will be just as good.
Andrew Ng and team have delivered an excellent class for anyone wanting a solid foundation in neural networks!
Excellent course, professor Andrew Ng as usual was brilliant in explaining the concepts and providing details.
Very clear instruction with easy to follow programming assignment. Very helpful to learn some hands-on skills.
It is great that we create an L layer neural network without a framework. I thought it is much harder. Thanks!
Extremely helpful for beginner as well as experience. The way of explaining is outstanding. Thank you so much.
excellent course with simple approach. With basic programming and math skills you can follow this really well.
Some minor video/audio quality issues, but overall an excellent dive into deep learning concepts and practice!
one of the best classes in Coursera, and Andrew is definitely the best teacher. Learned a lot from this class!
Excellent coverage of the basics. Its just wonderful getting to gain in-depth knowledge imparted Dr Andrew Ng.
I understood structure of neural network.It was very important for me to learn it.So I  thank DeepLearningAi.
Easy to catch up, with a lot of details. This course is the foundation of more sophisticated neural networks.
This course was excellent for beginners, every step is very clear and understandable with hands-on experience
Great introductory course to neural networks!!Professor Andrew Ng  makes the topic simple and easy to follow.
This was the best course on neural networks I have ever seen. Specially the assignments are well thought out.
There should be an intuition about how to load the data in the first place before doing any computation on it
This Course was amazing though I got stuck in the programming assignments a lot of times.But it was worth it!
Great Explanation! Best for anyone looking to dive deep into Machine Learning and Deep Learning from scratch.
Excellent. It clarifies a lot of things, specially if you have taken the Machine Learning Course by Andrew Ng
The course was quite comprehensive and the instructor was amazing! Please fix the audio of the videos though.
No doubt, Andrew Ng is one of the finest teacher. The simple elaborate and right from basic format is amazing
This is a great course - covers deep learning from basics. I loved week 3 and week 4 programming assignments.
This is an awesome course on neural networks. Homework assignments are extremely well organized and designed.
What a course! Without doubts it's the best introductory course for deep learning. Andrew, thank you so much!
Excellent Course content, Loved the programming assignments, Thanks to Andrew Ng for offering such a platform
Highly structured,intuitive approach. To the point lectures with utmost clarity. Helps in easy understanding.
The design of the homework is pretty excellent, which strenghthens my understanding of deep learning greatly.
Wonderful course to get your feet wet in neural networks! Looking forward to learning more from professor Ng!
A fantastic introduction to neural nets. Highly recommend to anyone interested, and unsure of where to start.
Really liked the way Andrew is teaching. Very compact but at the same time complete course for deep learning.
It was a fulfilling experience to learn such interesting topics and to build a neural net right from scratch.
Great! I just think that the assignment are "too easy" especially compare to the machine learning coursera...
Great course! Clear step by step implementation. Professor Andrew Ng is an amazing, dedicated, great teacher!
Its always a pleasure learning from one of the most famous and best in the field itself.Thank you Andrew Sir!
Well crafted course, great content! Strongly recommend whoever wants to pickup machine learning applications.
Excellent course to take my career to next level in the filed of AI.I recommend every one to take the course.
Same like like a introduction course to Neuronal networks @ the university. But the tasks make much more fun!
Excellent course on Deep Learning from Prof. Andrew Ng !!! Many thanks for this top quality course, loved it!
Amazing content, it helps you introducing very complex topics as gradient descent, backpropagation and so on.
Thanks Andrew-ng sir for make this awesome course.this course give me a strong intuition of Neural Network.:)
Initially I took the basic course offered by Prof. Andrew Ng. So I was able to complete this course smoothly.
This is the first course of the deep learning specialization and it feels wonderful completing the first one.
It's really helpful. Good for your to manage your code, build in a structure in your mind. Pretty good class!
Everything is very well explained, and the order in witch the lessons are explained is also very well thought
I am so happy to finish the first course, it's an amazing course that explain difficult thing in easiest way!
Give good understanding of NN, but assignments can be less guided. In general very good course for beginners.
This course is very good and it helped me a lot to understanding basics of neural networks and deep learning.
Very useful and well structure course, and great help for those want to have a brief idea of whole NN process
The best material to begin with, coding exercises helps a lot in getting clear understanding of each concept.
learned about L-layers deep nurel network.It is amazing feautiful algrithm! Thanks a lot,and I will carry on!
Very good course. Excercice may be  a little bit too directed but it could be good for a basic course. Thanks
What I like about that course is that you learn both implementation of neural network and the math behind it.
Really a good course, would have been even better if we could visualize the cost function in different cases.
An incredible amount of work went into preparing the lectures, quizzes and assignments and I thank the staff.
The course well crafted. Eventhough there are lot of details, the way this course is designed is exceptional.
Great Class for beginners, I feel like I have a solid basis to continue my education in deep neural networks.
Just now finished the course 1 and was really happy with the material and the understanding I gained with it.
Great explanations of fundamentals. The assignments are also good. However, more could be left for the coders
Excellent course to get you started with deep learning. Professor Ng gives a lot of tips during presentation.
Great introduction to the main deep learning concepts. Explained with great practical examples and exercises.
Wonderful programming assignments helped students understand and review the concepts covered in the lectures.
I would like to thank the deeplearning.ai team for making this course. I have learned so much things thankuu
It is a great course for neural networks learning basics, very well explained with practical implementation.
According to my experience the course is very much helpful for me to understand the basics of neural network
Great Introduction to NN and DL. No calculus math knowledge required. Examples and exercises are also great.
A grateful thanks to Master Anderw for providing such an amazing course and the way of explanation is great.
Excellent Course.  Very good homeworks and assignments to practice all the theory learned during the course.
Excellent and very educational. Andrew Ng demonstrates once again why he's the A.I. Master of online courses
A very complex topic explained in simple terms. Core concepts well taught. Not much pre-requisites required.
This course gives a superb understanding of deep neural networks and clears so many of my confusion, doubts.
Extremely  good course. This course give me a deep knowledge of deep learning.Content of course is fabulous.
Loved this course.  Professor Ng is one of the best I've come across in any of the online course I've taken.
This course was well organized and well paced. It is dense with content, so don't expect to rush through it.
Assignment is quite interesting, explanation is quite good. But handwriting of lecturer can be improved LOL.
Best course on Neural network and deep learning. It covers both theory and implementation of NN using python
Andrew NG, i dont have any words to describe your brilliance as a teacher, awesome will be an understatement
It was a very well organized course.  It also does a great job highlighting some of the strengths of Python.
I can`t wait to learn more in the other four specialization. I am so determined to change my life with this.
This is the best course to learn about how a simple deep neural network works and build it from the scratch.
I learnt a lot during this course and all the basics about deep learning were taught in a very efficient way
This course lays out a great foundation in theory of neural networks and how to implements them in practice!
This course is about neural networks. It explains complete and we can know the general network how to bulit.
Step to step explanations with details. Easy to understand even without prior strong mathematical background
I learn about the basic knowledge of deep learning, and have a good command of building some simple deep NNs
Fascinating course. You will learn to use Python to build your own NN. Cannot wait to start the next course.
Very nice course with a clear line of argument that will take you from linear regression to neural networks.
It is very nice. It gives me great help to understand the vectorization in neural network and deep learning.
The homework of this class is designed well. It provides a good framework for applying deep neural networks.
bottom up approach to deep learning. very hands-on and as such extremely useful to all aspiring dl engineers
Amazing course. Now I need to take the other courses as I want to focus on visual AI. Thanks for the course.
It is very well organized and easy to follow. Most importantly, it is not oversimp all math parts are there.
A bit easy, yet with great attention to details. Would have enjoyed optional videos on calculus derivations.
Excellent course.  Good pace and the jupyter notebooks are well designed with an appropriate amount of help.
Informative and easy-to-digest.  Andrew is also very pleasant to listen to and comes off as very personable.
Excellent course - well structured and designed with clear explanations and excellent programming exercises.
It's great that Mr. Ng uses some intuitive examples to help us understand what a neural network actually do.
Excellent course with a very pragmatic approach. The programming assignments really brought it all together.
Really good course to understand basics of feed forward neural network. I really enjoyed solving assignment.
It's a good course to begin learning about Neural Networks. Not much CS-involve knowledge required to begin.
Great introduction to machine learning. This course is very easy to pick up, even for less technical people.
Great course! Not that intense programming-wise but definitely makes you understand how NN work. Recommended
Great course. Lots of theory and careful explanations as well as easy to follow practical tutorials. Thanks!
great course , i really enjoy learning course topics and solving assignment, thanks for your big efforts :D
A really good and detailed introductory course on NNs. Highly recommended to take it before digging deeper.
A very good course made to understand the basics which are very important to know further down the process.
Excellent course! Well structured weekly assignments which helped in understanding the contents. Thank you!
Excellent starting for deep learning. I learnt a lot with simple explanations and tasks doing step by step.
This is really a great course . I really learnt so many things from these course.It is really a great score
The course is really awesome. But the assignment and quizzes still need to be improved based on difficulty.
A great introductory course, thank you Andrew and the rest of the team for your hardwork and  dedication ^^
As I passed Machine Learning course previously, this course is seems a review to deep learning with Python.
I'm happy with the course content , my only suggestion would be to have a more detailed Week 4 . Thank you.
The approach I needed to learn in detail how basic and deep neural networks and are conceived and designed.
Even for those with conventional ML knowledge, this still helped refine skills and offered a few new tricks
Its a very helpful course for beginner and its the best one that visualizes the math behind neural network.
got the basic concept of neuron network and related simple application, which is helpful for me to practice
Really Good to See the Mathematics behind the Deep Learning and implementing it. Thanks for your hard Work.
Still excellent work from Prof. Andrew and deeplearning. AI.Nice experience on the online jupyter notebook!
The course was fantastic. The engaging programming assignments made me understand and connect to the theory
Really useful in order to get a good understanding and intuition about the key concepts of Neural Networks.
Andrew is the best professor i ever had. I wish I could get into stanford and study and work alongside him.
Great teaching is always about explaining complex concepts in an understandable way. This course does that.
Very clear course, as usual for all the Prof. Ng courses. A very good introductive course on deep learning.
The explanations are carefully detailed and have the necessary depth to understand what the model is doing.
Amazing explanation! The detailed approach towards teaching makes it easier to understand complex concepts.
Well Organized in an easily understandable way. Instructions provided programming assignments very helpful.
A very useful course,Helped me not only understand the algorithms but also pracitice the programming skills
Very informative and well-structured
course to learn advanced AI in span of just 4 weeks. Very recommended!
The only course I have met that can explain clearly the structure of the deep neural network. Guru is guru!
I am glad to join this course. Helped me a lot to understand fundamental of ANN and Deep learning. Thanks!!
I am not surprised so many people enrolled this course. Andrew NG is one of the best teachers in the world.
Excellent any satisfying course for learning deep learning in depth.Very well planed and structured course.
It was a bit challenging in the beginning but I can clearly understand in the end of the course. Thank you!
Course covers in-depth concepts of neural network basics. Recommending strongly for deep learning starters.
Best CourseI actually wanted to build my own Neural Network from scratch without any pre-defined libraries.
The teaching by Prof Andrew Ng is top class, he is covering all the concepts and how each algorithms works.
I would say thanks to all the people who constribute to the course. This course is amazingly helpful to me.
Really helpful. Andrew sir is a great instructor. This course gave me a good introduction to deep learning.
You will get the fundamental concepts about deep learning.And also get the intuition about it.Great course!
This course delves into the right level of details for practitioners to understand basics of deep learning.
very well structured course, helpful for reinforcing concepts derived from Andrew's Machine Learning course
That's a nice course. I like how the math which stands over the basic neural networks is explained. Thanks.
Backprop explained intuitively. Step by Step assignments from Logistic to 2 layered neural net to 4 layers.
Fantastic course!  By the end I had understanding and skills needed to implement my own deep neural network
it's a awesome course for the begginer in deep learning. andrews sir explained every concept in a easy way.
Good entry course for the students who want to get general concepts about Neural Networks and Deep Learning
Very good course for introduction and some applications in deep learning! It really helps me a lot! Thanks!
A great course and a perfect introduction to the world of machine learning. Example are clear and abundant.
From the very basics, you build Neural Networks, Step by Step - One Step At a Time. Its an awesome Course!!
Awesome. Concepts were intuitively presented and simple to grasp, retain and implement. Thank you Andrew Ng
It was far more technical than I though it would be, but at the end you get a very strong foundation on NN.
Absolutely top quality and perfect balance between math and practical experience. Could not recommend more!
Very thoughtful design of the courses, and it really helps me understand all the pieces of Neural Networks!
Great Course! Great explanation of a deep subject, with examples you can easily apply to your environement.
One learns by doing. That's why this course is really good. It's not easy. But it is very, very worthwhile.
Best online course I have taken. Amazing explanations. A little too easy though, took me 2 days to complete
Probably the better course about Deep Learning for who wants to know about the math behind Neural Networks!
The nomenclature and organization of this course was exceptional. Great notation I will leverage in future.
Awesome learning experience ....Now I am master of neural network and deep learning. Thank you Coursera !!!
Not as polished as Dr. Ng's original machine learning course (Coursera version), but excellent nonetheless.
Very good step by step approach.Better if previous Machine Learning course is done to get good foundations.
Awesome Course with nice  mathematical descriptions. Coding Assignments are great!! Learned a lot  from it.
Enjoyed it a lot! Helps build a solid intuition that I haven't been able to find anywhere else, thank you!
An amazing course with clear explanation to the topics mentioned. I really enjoyed learning with coursera.
As a beginner in Deep Learning, I feel like I got pretty good intro to this field. Definitely recommended.
Learning TensorFlow along with this course gives you a better understanding of on how neural network works
It was a very good experience,  I learned a lot of new things, and Andrew is a great teacher!Thanks a lot.
¡Excelent course for a deeper understanding of the maths behind the Neural Networks!. Totally recommended.
Excellent course! Brilliant lectures, awesome assignments. Cats recognition neural network is really cute!
I was suprised how maths behind such complicated topic as deep learning can be presented in such easy way!
Helped me a lot in gaining organised knowledge about Neural Network model implementation . Great Course ..
This course has a step by step approach which helps us to take things one at a time,i just loved this one.
Awesome!, The way of explanation and implementation of it , the part I love is the Programming Assignment.
Exceptionally good course specially for beginners. Learned & enjoyed this new skill set. Must recommended.
I am very much satisfied with this course. Andrew Ng has explained all the concepts in a very lucid manner
It was great course to start. The matrices dimensions in different programming exercises trouble me a lot.
Great course. Fanastic explanations by Andrew Ng. The best way to start a leap into Neural Networks and AI
Excellent course content. Now I have the confidence to start building my deep neural network from scratch.
A wonderful course by andrew ng, very useful for beginners who have no knowledge of what deep learning is.
This course is an amazing introduction into the wonderful world that is Neural Networks and Deep Learning.
Amazing! Loved how this course focused on teaching students to understand the theories before programming.
Very nice course...vectorization was new technique intuition and implementation in projects also very nice
Great course to get introduced to Deep Learning. Prof. Andrew Ng does a great job explaining the concepts.
A great course, beautifully structured to understand the fundamentals of neural networks and deep learning
Great course. The Andrew's explanations are clear and easy to understand. Looking forward for new courses.
Very helpful course. The teaching methods followed by Andrew are really amazing! Thanks a lot! Loved it :)
The course gave very brief intuitions about deep learning and practical implementations of neural networks
I personally like Andrew NG lectures and I found it very useful, i ll recommend this course to my friends.
Very good course with Neural Network basics, Intuition, Math & programming excercises. Highly Recommended.
Very didactic and clear first deep dive into deep learning models with very guided programmation exercises
Love this Course! The way of teaching is really very good. Understood so many fundamental concepts easily.
Very comfortable presentation of knowledge, detailed explanations. Useful and interesting practical tasks.
A must take course for anyone who wanted to start their journey in the magnificent field of Deep Learning!
Amazing course with very good programming assignments that give you an in depth knowledge of deep learning
The content is compact and effective, the exercises are just beautiful.I am really enjoying the exercises.
Great course for beginner to deep learning.I take this course after Machine Learning course by 
Andrew Ng.
Excellent course for beginners, essential (theory) concepts are explained well and assignments are useful.
Very, veeeery deep thanks to Andrew NG!! This is my first entry to NN, and I'm so excited to go further!!!
The way how they handle the complexity of the content to make it easy for the general public is impressive
It was really a great learning experience. I could understand the ground technicalities behind the jargon.
All topics explained very clearly which helped understand the course very well. Would definitely recommend
perfect course to get started, easy to understand and gives a great introduction and overview on the topic
Pretty good and so friendly for us as a newer to begin to understand the the neural network, how to do it.
Well designed course. Assignments force you to understand DNN programming structure and possible problems.
Excellent  Course! Gives much better understanding of Neural networks compared to Machine Learning Course.
Excellent introduction to the overall theme and what you are likely to expect from the rest of the course.
I have learned how to build a NN from ground up. Very good structure of the course and steps well defined.
This course gave me a much deeper understanding of Neural Nets. Looking forward to the rest of the series!
Nice introduction to Neural Networks with just the right amount of Mathematics, theory, and hands on work.
Just learn from Andrew Ng, he is the god of teaching Machine Learning and Deep Learning. Won't disappoint.
Really nice course to refresh knowledge of Neural Networks basics. Looking forward to complete other ones!
i thoroughly enjoyed the course and learned a lot from it. Looking forward to complete this specialisation
Easy to understand, and very useful to be confident about programming on deep learning. Thank you, Andrew!
Great intro to deep learning. Covers subjects in a good depth for most people wanting to go into the field
Amazing tutorial and easy to understand comprehension behind some of the most intimidating math functions.
Love this course. The way Andrew ng teach this was very impressive. Thanks to Andrew ng and all your team.
the most efficient and valuable deep learning 
content, I really likes the deep learning after this course
Undoubtedly the best course in AI , Thanks Mr. Andrew for taking utmost care in uncovering the depth of AI
A good introduction course of deep learning for first-time learner. Well-organized programming assignment!
very well prepared videos and assignments. For anyone interested in deep learning, this is a great course.
Lecture are very systematic and well organized, and the notation is very consistent throughout the course.
It is in-depth learning  about Neural Networks and Deep Learning. I truly appreciate your time and effort.
The lectures and assignments are very helpful to demystify the magic of deep learning. Thank you Prof. Ng!
This course is very considerate and i learned how to actually implement deep learning.We gotta keep going!
Andrew Ng is the only professor that can completely uncover the mystery of the black box of deep learning.
If you are looking for good understanding about deep learning behind the scenes, this is the right course.
This is a grate course for you to understand the underlying mathematical structures of the neural network.
Very wonderful course. Detailed programming assignments to let us learn how neural network actually works!
Very well structured content and great lectures. Looking forward to the next courses in the specialization
i love this course ,i understand more about how deep learning work i recommended this course for each one
This course is enough to understand what a neural network is. It also helps as an introduction to Python.
i was revising all the topics , this course made it crystal clear to me .thanks every one for this course
Excellent Course and excellent teachers, somewhat complicated but very very interesting. 100% Recommended
Really Good Course by Andrews. This course was on my to-do list for quite a time now. It's Worth the time
A very concise and interesting introduction to the field of deep learning and artificial neural networks.
Excellent course, the videos are very convenient for teaching the implementation along with the exercises
Andrew, as always, is an excellent teacher. It is great to have the opportunity to learn from him online.
I really enjoyed the course because Andrew Ng (ie. the lecturer) explained quite well, clear but concise.
This course will give you the basic step by step in building a neural network architecture. Great course!
Very well explained and a complete course related to the basics of Neural Networks. Highly recommendated!
A very intuitive course helps with u with theory as well as practical coding. Overall a great experience.
Really cool course and a lot of fun. I would recommend thi to anyone with an interest in neural networks.
Excellent course with great explanation about the intuitions behind core concepts in deep neural networks
Exceptionally Good, if you are someone who is willing to learn whatever necessary for strong foundations.
Great content.  Well explained by instructor Andrew Ng.  As a tip, I made the setting 1.5x in play speed.
if you are starting machine learning and have started with this course then you are at the correct place.
Excellent knowledge transmission and step by step approach.Just the sudden death of kernel is irritating.
it was a great course to show me the full implementation and nitty-gritty details of Deep learning models
Lots of good information on AI and ML with practical examples that make the learning easier and more fun!
This course was extremely helpful, especially for someone who's just starting out in ML & DS. Thank You!!
Excellent course, well explained the theory and easy to follow the practices. I enjoyed a lot the course.
Perfect course!! My only critic goes to some bugs on the Jupyter notebooks. Besides that, I do recommend.
I really enjoyed the course. It taught all the basics in understanding and developing simple neural nets.
you actually get to  understand the basic of deep learning and then learning how build various networks..
The course gives a good introduction about neural networks and designing the neural network from scratch.
This course helped me better understand the core maths going on inn the neural networks.It was fantastic.
the course itself is very useful  but it seems that mentors rarely answer questions posted on the forums!
Beautiful courses. I've never able to understand this area of CS so good. Thanks for all of the Teachers.
Add 2 more projects to this course that helps us to have best understanding and practice in deep learning
Learning was fun. Bunch of numbers as input and sensible output. Almost a magic. Wait.. no more. Its Math
very good introduction course. not overwhelming by many contents, but gradually explain the core concepts
It is great that I learn a lot, not only the theoretical knowledge  but also real programming experience!
To be honest,for me,the course is a quite nice apporch to the world "deep learning",thanks to Andrew..lol
A very comprehensive course. Well curated so that even beginners can learn it without any pre-requisites.
Thank you so much for making knowledge reachable to those who have passion to learn but cannot afford it.
I like detailed explanations and very useful practical tricks. Jupiter notebook very useful for practice.
Nice introductory course to feedforward neural networks to get the fundamentals of this discipline of AI.
Very clear presentation, well thought over assignments. Availability of the presentations is a plus, too.
I have taken quite a few courses on Coursera and other MOOC sites. By far, on the best courses out there.
This course is useful and interesting. The concepts of the topics are easy to understand via the lecture.
An excellent delivery of complex contents  in a simplified manner(both the lectures and the assignments)!
Very good! The coding assignment is a really excellent step by step guide for beginners in deep learning!
This course is a great starting point for those who are interested in the emerging field of Deep Learning
Useful and perspicuous for newbie. With that course, you can have a fundamental view about deep learning.
The iPython Notebook programming exercises are such a great implementation and truly facilitate learning.
Had a stronger foundation at the end of this course. Feel more confident now to dive into tougher topics.
This course helps learning beginners learn deep learning and neural network from  scratch. Its very nice!
High quality educational material with practical focus! Worth every penny of subscription. Job well done!
Andrew Ng is as excellent as he has always been in abstracting and distilling the best knowledge to pass.
very clearly describes Neural network architecture and basic knowledge. good exercises & code assignment.
Really enjoyed the classes, it was a pleasure and a lot of concepts about the subjects are a clearer now.
Excellent course starts from the very basics to more complex but gradually. The pace was very "optimised"
Well paced, good content. Just the right balance of coding to maths in my opinion. Interesting exercises.
Nice course and very very detailed information for shallow neural network and deep neural network.Thanks!
Amazing Course, Thank you Prof. Andrew Ng, For educating the world and preparing leaders in fields of AI.
Professor Andrew Ng makes all the complicated stuff pretty simple, and not boring. Keep up the good work!
Very thorough introduction into deep learning for people who are not afraid of some math. Great teacher!
Amazing course, really takes you step by step through the process of building a funtional neural network
Thanks for the theory behind the things working, very well explained by whom I consider as the god of ML
This course does help me a lot, it is easy to understand and the exercise can help me unserstand deeply!
Great course to unbox the magic of Neural Networks. I will be continuing with the specialization course.
Grear Course. The teacher is excellent. He explains everything and is very clear and right to the point.
Good explaination. The assignment is very frustrated, but very helpful to understand how the model work.
Great content, The programming exercises are perfect and enables a greater intuition into the algorithms
It's my first time to learning neural networks and deep learning but with this course, it helps me a lot
Professor Andrew is "THE BEST" teacher alive. No one can teach like him. I Highly recommend this course.
Just excellent, everything is explained very well and the assignments help a lot to understand concepts.
This course was eye opening course. having clear instruction and non-ambigous mathematical explanations.
very informative and intuitive course for anyone who wants to dwell deeper in the field of data science.
Excellent explanation of basic concepts with programming support in python. Enjoyed learning the course.
It was a wonderful course. I enjoyed learning deep learning and the programming assignment were awesome.
Andrew Ng. No other words to express.I loved the way he taught.Making ahead for the next specialization.
Feeling awesome to complete course. Very helpful videos and assignments to understand the Deep Learning.
A good understanding of neural networks is provided by the course. Thanks to the professor and his team.
Great course! Mathematical foundations behind operation of the NN are explained in a very intuitive way.
I found this course very interesting which gave me the motivation to complete this course right in time.
Excellent Learning and great assignments. I must say, about 60% of learning is from solving assignments.
Exceptionally well explained courser , the quizes and assignments highly improve th eunderstanding of NN
Excellent course i have learn alot from this course. Thanks coursera for giving such a amazing platform.
Wonderful the way of teaching and the  contentBut the Jupiter notebook is not very userfriendlyThank you
Great course! Just if there could have been a single finaid application for the entire specialization :)
Better than I expected. This course gives very clear explanation of the anatomy of deep neural networks.
Very informative! I can now say with strong confidence that I truly understand how neural networks work!
A really good lecture to learn neural networks and how they work along with practical knowledge of code.
Liked the way deep learning concepts were explained and assignments were quite intriguing and intuitive.
A good course which take step by step to create deep learning algorithm with a very clean code attitude.
I know about Deep learning and I build many projects before but by this course I learned so many things.
I really enjoyed learning through this course, the programming assignments are very helpful to practice.
Still have no idea what's going on, but this is very interesting. I hope I will understand this one day.
I learned a lot, and I got a deeper understanding of deep learning, and the teacher was great.Thank you!
This is truly an extremely useful course. I learned so much stuff I wouldn't have learned any other way.
Great course, with just enough detail in the derivations and focusing mostly on the algorithms and code.
a well-organized course, through which I have developed an overall insight into this amazing technology.
Andrew Ng is the greatest teacher ever! Loved this course and the first Machine Learning course as well.
Love the way Professor teaches. I wish all could teach like him so I can find every subject interesting.
Very well structured and lectured. Makes it 'easy' to get back into the Maths and focus on the outcomes.
Excellent introduction for neural networks and deep learning for folks who like to jump into this field.
One of my first courses from Coursera and I'm already loving it! Amazing explanations for all the topics
It's a very nice introduction to deep learning, and the assignments are really helpful for the concepts.
it's cool course, Andrew way of explaining is really clean and easy. You just get it from the first time
Nice introduction to neural networks. The assignments are well-written and helped me learn the material.
I liked the pace and that instructor was building up on the content and explaining in simplistic format.
This course perfectly teaches you how to build you deep learning neural network from 2 layers and above.
Very accessible, and impressive of what we can achieve after a few weeks. Highly recommended. Thank you!
Builds on to Neural Networks smoothly from logistic regression and strongly establishes concepts in DNN
Great Course! With this course one will be able to get the foundation of Neural Network right on track.
Really great, one of the best teachers! Also has lots of coding which gives the student actual practice
Pretty interesting ans useful if you are learning or planning to learn Deep Learning in a higher level.
Great stuff. I have read many books, tutorial, and must admit this one was made in really helpfull way.
the course content were very organized with a powerful explanation from the professor, thanks for all..
Very well detailed introduction to deep learning which makes you feel even more attracted to the field.
Best Deep Learning courser. If you want to learn from scratch. Like coding Neural Network from scratch.
I really liked the material.  Though the assignments are way too easy! It took me 30m to 60h to finish.
The best course of deep learning ever. Hats off to the deeplearning.ai team, my humble respect to them.
This course presented every concept in detail and helped me to learn a lot of new things. Truly amazing
Amazing course, provides a good intuition towards building deep neural networks, and a great headstart!
The course was insightful and the assignments were great and very helpful in making the concepts clear.
Very detailed and easy to follow and the assignment can really help your understanding of the material.
Excellent course !! Amazed to see how complex concepts can be understood with such ease. Thanks AAG....
quite fun, expected more in depth explanation, but little did i know this is a complete beginner course
I work in the field, but did not know some of those things. Also very nice to make everything in numpy.
Excellent course, excellent instructor. There are some glitch in the grading of the assignments though.
Excellent course! helped me understand what is happening at the fundamental level. Thank You Andrew Ng!
In one word, awesome!! Thanks Prof.Ng and team for this. It has been a sumptuous journey. Thank you all
Well guided explanation of concepts, More emphasis on backward propagation might add some more clarity.
Professor Andrew Ng made it look so easy to understand. Amazing course for learning Neural Nets basics.
I am a Deep learning Developer. all thanks toAndrew Yan-Tak Ng ( எல்லா புகழும் Andrew Yan-Tak NG க்கே )
Very good introduction to concepts of Deep Learning. Andrew is very good on explaining complex concepts
This course is awesome, it helps a lot in learning the fundamental of neural network and deep learning.
This is a very good course explaining most of the basic concepts needed for the NN. Highly recommended.
Concepts were explained very clearly, code was built very intuitively. Excellent course in all aspects!
Good course. Well structured and well detailed. Excellent professor and the homework are great to learn
This course is the best course ever for getting the very basics of Neural Networks. Thanks to Andrew Ng
This is an excellent course . It teaches basics of machine learning and neural networks very smoothly .
Excellent explanation of the modules. And exercises and assignments are very interactive and intuitive.
I've found this course very useful. and it helped me significantly understand how backpropagation works
Cant express in words how good this work is. It feels awesome to study from this big name in the field.
One of the best courses I have ever took and I am coming from very diverse background. Thanks Andrew NG
Excellent course. Highly recommended for people who want to kickstart their career in machine learning.
This course was so good. I actually feel like working in whole advanced level deep learning environment
I liked the examples I worked on and how we worked on problem again and again so that we remember this.
A great course to understand the basics of Deep Neural Networks and learn to implement it using Python.
Awesome course, i truly enjoyed it. Looking forward for the next courses in this specialization series.
It is an excellel course for beginner of Deep Learning , Thanks for Making such kind of Course Content.
The course is very well organized and simplified. The nice annotations are very nice! Thanks Andrew Ng!
Great pace of teaching and excellent delivery of materials as expected from Prof. Andrew Ng. Thank you!
Very interesting course, covers the basics of neural networks with an easy and understandable approach.
Good Course to take...The course is currently helping me in writing image classification for my project
Great experience. Great professor, great content, organised and clear and easy to understand. Thank you
The instructions are clear and understandable. The assignments help a lot for practical implementation.
Excellent introduction.  Easy to follow for anyone who has some familiarity with data science concepts.
A brilliant introduction to Deep Learning and Neural Network. It clears away so many doubts. Top class.
Well designed and explained, especially back propagation algorithm, especially for deep neural networks
This was simply Epic!! The content was clear enough for me to complete the course without external help
You get to know about neural networks in detail. The videos are well tailored and suited for beginners.
It helped me a lot to understand the building blocks of Neural Networks and all the important concepts.
This course filled in a lot of gaps for me and made things I thought were complicated, seemingly simple
Great introduction to NN & Deep Learning, and like the python assignments on the fundamental principles
Amazing course! Consistent structure, great lectures, explicit explanations, interesting tasks. Thanks!
Great course to introduce the internal workings on deep neural networks along with a simple application
Nice introduction, it encourages you by giving a sense of accomplishment even from the first few hours!
Highly insightful and enjoyable course.  Programming assignments solidify my understanding.  Thank you!
Helped me a lot understanding the math behind neural networks. Removing this "black magic" aspect of it
Excellent introductory course! Very well paced, and everything explained with a good amount of  detail.
The *best* online course on Neural Networks and Deep Learning.As usual, an amazing course by Andrew Ng.
Short and sweet, very thorough and clearly articulated - great Andrew Ng style who is a gifted teacher.
I've enjoyed to pass this course. It was very interesting. Thanks a lot to Andrew Ng and a course team.
Fantastic course for solidifying fundamental understanding of neural networks and their implementations
extremely useful and didatic! and if you didn't get the math, don't worry about it! You'll survive! ;)
Very clear and effective. Course materials are well-organized and there is tons of support. Thank you!
A Thorough Overview (Through both code and theory) on the basics of Neural Networks and Deep Learning.
One of the best courses from one of the best teachers present in the world of Artificial Intelligence.
Excellent course. Hats off to the mentors for designing such a useful course through online platforms.
It is a good course which explores the possibilities of neural network and explains the basics of them
Fantastic course. Every concept is explained in detail. I hope to continue the specialization further.
Excellently explained by Prof. Andrew Ng. Looking forward to Course 2 of Deep Learning Specialization.
Loved this course!!!!!Thank you so much Andrew and Daphne <3and ofcourse the whole coursera team <3 <3
Very funny and interesting! Hope i can continue the specialization while studying for university exams
Excellent. The pace of teaching and the detailed explanation is just awesome. The course is brilliant.
The course was really helpful. it provided the understanding of the foundations of deep neural network
Very well organized and motivated. Content is great and the notebooks make learning practical and fun.
Andrew really gave deep intution about deep-learning from basics which helped me to understand clearly
Andrew Ng sir is the best Machine learning / deep learning professor one can ever have. Thank you sir.
very well explained, step by step, with excellent videos and programming tasks with growing complexity
Very well structured contents, in depth, yet fool-proof lessons, finely done and fun to do assingments
Excellent representation of assignments. Cleared all my concepts of deep learning in a very lucid way.
This course is very good .It tought me lot of things and gave me more clearity to deep neural network.
best understanding of the fundamental and code learning which is why i choose i did't get disappointed
Very complete. I loved using jupyter notebook in comparison to machine learning -old but gold- course.
I have a more understanding of how neural networks work. Thank you much. I will keep learning on that.
I really liked the way concepts were unfolded it very easily understandable even if you are a beginner
the course is good but the assignments are not student friendly!! these are so unclear and tough!!! :(
This is the very good course specially for beginners.They teach from the start and in a very good way.
Highly recommended. The course covers concepts of neural network with practical programming exercises.
I already completed Machine Learning course by Andrew NG first, this course is a perfect continuation.
Loved the clean, bottom up presentation of neural networks by Prof Ng. Pretty excited to move forward!
Comprehensive and informative. Provides the theoretical foundation for further study in deep learning.
Very informative and enjoyable training with Andrew Ng.
Lots of useful information. Thank you so much.
Great course to understand main concepts of deep neural networks and write simple ones from a scratch.
Good course with application of logistic regression from perspective of deep (multi-layer) neural nets
Andrew Ng has the ability to make something so arid as the mathematical basis of ML enjoyable and fun.
I enjoyed the course but I wished that the equations could have been derived instead of just presented
Really DEEP introduction into the neural networks principles. 
That was absolutely amazing experience!
loved it. Learned a lot, gives you a great overview of Deep Learning and the current tools being used.
The Course was very useful. Thanks to Professor Andrew Ng for providing such a awesome course content.
Best Course, thank you Prof. Andrew Ng. I recommend everyone who want learn 'Deep Learning' 
deeply

.
Finally this is THE course if you have fairly good math and computer background! Strongly recommended.
Solid Intro, I think it helped with good pragramming practices as much as it helped with deep learning
Very good, very clear, structured, nice examples, encouragement for beginners.Very strong recommended.
Would be nice if we could build everything from scratch. Including feature engineering and extraction.
It was a great learning experience. This is a Go-To Course for anyone who wants to learn Deep Learning
Great, but maybe a little more in detail explanatons for some stuff. But as I say really really great.
Very informative and useful! A must do for those looking to gain professional skills in deep learning!
It really dives into the fundamentals of deep learning instead of just using the models as a blackbox.
Great Professor!All explained in detail.
Interesting extra material, like interviews and so on!Thanks!
the explanation for each formula is very clear and teach me how to build a neural networks, it's great
Programming assignments are very well-structured. Python notebooks better than Matlab due to Markdown.
Great! Really beneficial! A huge thank you to Andrew for making examples easy to follow and understand
Thank you for offering this kind of helpful course.The code and lecture, both are very helpful for me.
There is a difference between knowledge and ability to teach. Andrew masters both! A wonderful course.
You will learn and implement your deep neuron network step and step. It is amazing. Thanks, Andrew Ng.
Very useful and easy to understand considering how heavy in math this topics are. Totally recommended.
Fucking Awesome course!!! Cannot even believe deep learning could be taught in such an accessible way.
Definitely this is refreshing and learning.  I am amazed with my skill after undergoing this training.
Excellent course,it gives me a clear view of what Deep Learning does.Thanks for all Heros in AI field.
very nice and clear introduction to deep learning and neural network, I will share it with my friends.
Excellent course !! . Great content including workshops and notebooks. Thank you very much Andrew Ng.
Excellent Knowledge about topic also great effort for programming lab sessions , very much recomended
The course is quite easy to understand, providing enough knowledge to know what neural nets are like.
Couldn't be more grateful for this incredible lecture by one of the best trainers in the field of AI.
Clear and concise videos. Great to take this course to supplement the materials taught in University.
Things have been explained pretty well and a lot of focus has been given on getting the basics right.
A practical and well explained course on how to introduce yourself to deep neural networks. Loved it!
Greate, It helped me understand more about ANN and Deep learning with simple methods. Thank Andrew NG
A very powerful easy course which helped me to drive into deeplearning by a very simple beautiful way
a huge gaint of  information and skills, perfect platfrom for anyone who is really intrested  to lear
Very good application base course. Less description in the assignments would make it more challenging
Great Notebooks. Leaned a lot using notebooks. nicely developed. continuously improving. Thanks a lot
The explanation of how a neural net works is awesome.....explanation is perfect.....Thanks Andrew sir
Very good course content for beginner and useful practical assignments to implement concepts learned.
A fantastic and "must be taken" course for those who want to build his/her career in "Deep Learning".
Very Well Explained by Prof. Andrew. Gained knowledge on Neural Networks and Deep Learning.Thank you.
the course is just awesome and well structured. I love the platform and especially practice notebooks
Great course, the way it was taught, any one without any prior knowledge of AI nor python can pickup.
I loved the methodical step by step , piece by piece approach in seeing how the pieces work together.
this course is very helpful to brush-up my skill after legendary course Machine Learning by Andrew Ng
Mr. Andrew is an amazing teacher. Would love to meet him someday. Thanks for your effort and advices.
Awesome Course Thank You So much To all Helpful faculty...To provide awesome knowledge and Experience
This course is best for beginners.I understood all the concepts clearly but audio quality is not good
Excellent course!!! The assignments are really good and helpful... looking forward to more courses :)
Exceptional course for anyone looking to break into the exciting world of deep learning applications.
Amazing course to get you started on the fundamentals and on the theoretical part of neural networks!
Best course for  learning DL its programming assingemnts are so much helpful . Love you sir andrew <3
Excellent course. Very well run. Nice graphics, great summarization and nice quizzes and assignments.
This course is awesome  and Respected Andrew Ng Sir is very good ,Thanks for providing me this course
A fantastic course for learning with the very basic. Highly recommended for Data Science enthusiasts.
Nice Introductory course on Neural Networks, it was quite useful to learn Linear Alzebra and calculus
Thats a superb introduction to the theoretical, programming and application aspects of deep learning.
really great crouse! looking forward to finishing this whole specialization with these teaching staff
This is one exceptional AI course with lucid explanations of math behind Neural nets. Thanks, Andrew.
REALLY LOVE THE WAY ANDREW EXPLAIN AND DEMITIFY ALL THE BIG WALL OF FEAR WE HAVE RELATED TO CALCULUS.
Very elegantly structured course. Got to know deeper into how forward and backward propagation works.
Andrew is a very talented professor. Besides that he provides extremely useful tips for DL in Python.
Very well explained, exercises wasn't too hard but was challenge enough to make you think. Thank you.
Awesome teacher, who can explain everything in understandable way! Useful information at that course.
Awesome course!Gives the confidence that one can build complex algorithms with such a great mentoring
An excellent introduction to neural networks that will serve as a foundation for my future endeavors.
SIr Andrew NG has divided the concepts into lectures very efficiently. It really helped learn better.
Beautifully and very dedicatedly made this course by Andrew Ng sir and their Team. Thank you so much.
Nice course. But there can be some modifications to be made in the jupyter platform to make it better
Very nice course. I recommend to anyone that ones a gentle and thorough introduction to deep learning
Good PRACTICAL 101 with basics of ANN, Which gets you a STRONG foundation(BASICS) for the next level.
covers all the basics as well as fundamentals required and gives confidence to work on deep learning.
This course a deep concept of Neural Network. How does calculus plays a major role explained briefly.
Great course. Would like more feedback when submitting assignments when there is an incorrect output.
Andrew Ng is by far one of the best instructors. He made everything so simple and easy to understand.
This was a pretty great course even for a beginner like me. It kept me interested and self-motivated.
Strongly recommend for ones who start getting in the field of deep learning from whatever discipline!
This course benefits me a lot on obtain a overall understanding on neural networks and deep learning.
Complex world of Deep Learning => Summation(Simple Pieces). Many thanks to Mr.Andrew Ng and Coursera.
An excellent course that puts emphasis on thinking with very good knowledge support during exercises.
It is the best elementary course on the explanation of Neural networks and rudimentary Deep learning.
Very Nice Course which sets fundamentals of neural networks. Loved the course and approach to taught.
Great Course! Ideal for beginners. will clear up all the mathematical concepts about neural networks.
Very good course. Coming out with a working understanding of basic Neural Networks and Deep Learning.
Gives a very thorough understanding of the fundamentals of NNs. Professor Andrew NG never diappoints.
Very clear and easy to understand and follow the procedure of implementing machine learning algorithm
Amazing experience of deep learning through this project. Andrew Ng and his methods are exceptional .
It was a very interesting course, but the full specialisation is a Must have! It was awesome! Thanks!
Great course to dive in Deep Learning. Appreciated for providing financial aid to me for this course.
Good explanation of underlying mechanics.  Notebook exercises good framework for learning to code NN.
Oh，Dr. Andrew Ng's lecture was very logical and easy to understand, so I quickly mastered the course.
Good course.. if you've done Andrew's introductory course in ML this course will seem pretty simple!!
It is a very carefully designed course and the tutors are very systematic in explaining the concepts.
Very good course for a beginner in deep learning. Really good job with the jupyter notebooks as well.
Very good intro into Deep Learning. Would be nice if there could be a special on calculus used for DL
Best beginner course I ever took for deep learning. Very detailed explanations without getting bored.
amazing course for a wide range of audience. Go for it even if you're not that much fluent with math.
I've never encounter such a simple to understand but complete teaching material for machine learning!
This gives a great summary along with thorough implementation details for DNNs. Good Job NG and Team.
It is a great course to start deep learning. It is not difficult to understand the concepts and code.
Very good course with vivid community. It is a bit hard though if you're not skilled in Python/Math..
Super helpful, thank you so much for providing me this course! I now think I'm living in the future!
I love how he makes difficult things simple. I finished the course in 2 days, it was so interesting!
The way the concepts were explained helped me build my basics in this field.Thanks to the professor.
very educating course! the lecturer gone into every little detail, explained every step. recommended
It's an awesome course, which helps you master the concept of the neural network one step at a time.
An extremely helpful course with perfect explanation and amazing practice exercises and assignments.
This course was amazing.I have learned lots of things from the very basics,Thank you for the course.
Very Intersting and useful l Course that discuss and makr you implement Neural networks From Scratch
Professor NG made Deep Learning easy and sweet and made memorable moments for me during this course.
The pace of the course is very well managed. One can easily complete the tasks in the provided time.
the material and videos provieded in this course are extrodinary and andrew ng teaching makes it apt
Amazing course for beginners, It helped me a lot in starting with neural network, Thanks to coursera
Amazing Course!! Thanks Sir, Andrew Ng for your brilliant effort  in teaching this difficult course.
both vedio and programming homework are easy to follow and it's flexible enough to try my own ideas.
I watched many courses in deep learning but Andrew Ng is awesome in making things looks very simple!
Well organised and Well explained course.I recommend it to anyone who is interested in Deep Learning
It was an excellent learning this topic from coursera and the learning experience was also very good
Very good teaching and excellent practise exercises and programming exercises.We can learn by doing.
Best experience to learn AI. Very clear and homework is very easy for understanding concept. Thanks.
Awesome explanations and assignments ! Can't wait to do next courses. Great course . Thank you team.
In very easy Andrew Ng teach all concepts. I just love this course materials and his assignment etc.
Thanks.  The course is planned in a systematic manner and the explanation of concept is really good.
I was able to create my first Python implementation of a NN. I enjoyed the course. Thank you Andrew!
I've taken a bunch of random courses and this made me upset that i wasted my time with anything else
Great dive-in neural networks course. Nothing to add. I will certainly complete this specialization.
Great concepts, explained concisely and with hands on exercises. I am very happy I took this course.
Excellent course, challenging yet accessible with the adequate amount of effort required. Thank you!
Excellent course. This course explains everything in deeplearning. This is best course for beginer!!
Really wonderful content and very interesting and enthusiastic towards learning something new daily.
Concrete explanation on the fundamentals of NN. Practice implementation is nicely designed. Love it.
Perfectly crafted. From one of the most influential mind in field of AI and Deep Learning. Awesome!.
Very well done for people with a full time job. Thanks a lot Andrew for providing this great course!
Quite easy to understand, and can make a neural network step by step to gain a deeper understanding.
Well-Structured Assignment! Around half of content is covered in Prof. Ng's machine learning course.
Great introduction to deep neural networks, as well as the mechanism that happens behind the scenes.
Very nice, it's the best course I have taken, the python script is very clear and easy to understand
Andrew Ng is super, the best course ever. Everything seems to be so easy when Andrew Ng explains!!!!
Nice course! We learn to make NN from scratch, and every step starting from linear models! Fantastic
This is a very comprehensive but easy-to-access course of neutral networks. Very good for beginners.
I have completed all the first step of the course, in which the algorithm explanation is impressive.
Very nicely compiled course. Concepts picked up very well and no prior knowledge required.Go for it!
Great explanation of the matrix operations used in forward/backward propagation for neural networks.
Great course, great teacher, and even greater practical exercices in python! I really learned a lot.
Just love this Course <3I will recommend this course to people who just kick start in Deep Learning.
Excellent introduction to deep learning for students with a machine learning with Python background!
After 4 weeks you have a substantial amount of knowledge and enough code to start your own projects.
Great course. Taught by an excellent teacher. I think I finally have deep intuitions about backprop.
Best courses to learn deep learning. Wish Andrew did some similar courses in reinforcement learning.
Love this course, and the practice material and also the homework really helps to learn the concepts
It is quiet easy to understand this course about Deep Learning ,I am very glad to learn this course!
A bit lengthy for folks who understand Neural Networks. But it helps very well to set up the basics.
Followed several online courses related to deep learning/AI, the quality of this course is the best!
Very easy to understand and follow. The course reveals the black magic secret behind neural networks
Amazing class, really helped me clarify a lot of things. Prof. Ag is just simply amazing at teaching
This is great course to get started on deep learning. Thanks for the great videos Andrew. Good job!
Excellent course, like Andrew's lecture, well-explained, very patient and considerate!!! thank you!
very detailed guide through, structured so that can apply to multiple situations, highly recommend!
Excellent introduction to Neural Networks, I'm now very motivated to know more about deep learning.
Excellent, well scoped, and presented course material that yields foundational and functional code.
Great course with good clear explanations and interesting practice exercises. Helps to learn a lot.
I really loved learning DL from here. The explanation for everything were very convincing and good.
Very detailed material, I really loved the syntax for identifying layers and networks inside layers
The course was so simple and beautifully designed, enabling even beginners to understand with ease.
Great instructor, complex concepts are explained clearly. Really enjoyed the programming exercises!
Great course. Thanks to Andrew Ng and teaching assistants Kian Katanforoosh, Younes Bensouda Mourri
I really learned lots through this course and looking forward towards this course Thanks Andrew Sir
first course i even completed and it is amazing . The coding assignments are also very well crafted
Implementation of forward and backward prolongation is a very interesting concept in deep learning.
Amazing course and instructor! I would recommend this to everyone wanting to learn neural networks.
I have to thank Professor Andrew for making things clear and easy. I enjoyed this course very much.
I've been using Neural Networks for years, and now I finally understand exactly what backprop does!
It was a Wonderful experience. Excellent Assignments, learned a lot through this course! Thank You!
Very useful to really understand what's behind a deep neural network in terms of both idea and math
Great course! Starts from the intuition and solidifies it with implementation of basic neural nets.
A nice mooc I have every experienced and I think it is indeed a good template for the other fields.
Excellent course! I learnt a lot. Thanks Dr. Ng for designing and delivering this wonderful course.
It was very well taught. Doing logistic regression with a deep learning mindset was really helpful.
A comprehensive intro to deep learning. Got good insights into the fundamentals in Andrew Ng's way.
Awesome. Learned a lot on how Neural Network was built from the scratch. Highly recommended course!
Great course. Very helpful content which allows you to learn neural networks from an intuitive way.
Very nice introduction to deep learning. The interviews are amazing. Thank you for uploading those.
Great introduction to Deep Learning. The exercises guides you very well to understand the concepts.
Very Helpful to learn basics to design a L-Layer Deep Neural Networks for a classification problem.
A beginner-friendly course. Very easy to get hands on even I am not very knowledgeable in calculus.
excellent course! Containing all of the details of building a complete neural network from scratch!
Amazing intro to deep learning with an excellent and comprehensive explanation from Prof. Andrew Ng
Some of the markdown formulas on Jupyter notebook is not displayed correctly, hope to fix this bug.
Thanks!  To Prof. Andrew Ng for Making The Best Course For Beginners In The Field Of Deep Learning.
Unbelievable how well organized and straightforward this topic is presented.   Andrew Ng, 10 of 10!
excelent way of teaching. It goes step by step through concepts building block by block to the top.
Absolutely stunning and easy to understand. Great course for anyone looking to get into this field.
intuitiv, informativ and most importantly fun! complex subjects are taught in an easy to grasp way!
It has been a great learning experience.  Thanks to everyone responsible for this course to happen.
Excellent course, with well thought out assignments guiding the learner gently through the subject.
Made a very complex subject very understandable with lots of help when needed.  Highly recommended.
Great for deep learning started, a lot of practical advice which could be helpful to your projects.
Helpful.  Thanks to this course, I could understand the basic of deep learning. I like this course.
Gives you a very detailed understanding of the basic principles of neural networks. Great lectures!
The course videos are really great and the practices are clear and helpful for me to learn through.
Very clean and efficient laying of fundamentals of NN and DL. Programming insights were invaluable.
Outstanding Introductory course providing a valuable overview of Neural Networks and Deep Learning.
Very well-organized programming exercises which helped to improve my understanding of the concepts.
Basic course in Neural Network with very easily understandable way of backpropagation explaination.
Every single detail is taught concerning the coursework. Mentors and discussion forum very helpful.
It's was an amazing course that helped me to understand deep learning  and neural networks. Thanks!
Coming from the classic 2011 Machine Learning course, Andrew Ng provides a fully satisfying course.
Awesome! Practical, applied, well annotated, and organized guidance through very powerful concepts.
Excellent course by Andrew Ng, who has the special gift of turning everything into clear and simple
Liked the course. I hope I will be introduced to TensorFlow and more practical real-world examples.
Great course as expected from Andrew NG, very good foundations and practices to learn deep learning
Great course. Would recommend a brief brush up on Calculus and Matrix operations prior to starting.
Very suitable for beginner of ML and NN. Detailed enough and look forward to the following courses.
This class is the best MOCC I have ever taken and Prof. Ng is the best professor I have ever seen.
This course is explained in extremely lucid and honest manner, which makes it as good as textbook.
It is obviously a great course by Andrew Ng. Thank you, sir, for providing such an amazing course.
This course teaches you Neural Network modelling and steps you through the process in code as well
Best course I have done in recent times. Also the first course I ever completed fully on Coursera.
This course is really fascinating with a deep explanation about building a (deep) Neural Networks.
Really insightful and revealing. with well sought out tests and assignment. Thanks You Andrew Ng!!
Special Thanks to the mentors who answer our queries in a very formidable way. Thank you @Paul. :)
Fascinating collaboration between linear algebra, calculus and how it can predict the real images.
Explanation is best! Even during assignment Andrew help us to move step-by-step. Andrew is Awesome
One of the best courses on Coursera. Learned the basics of Neural Network and Deep Neural Network.
Awesome course! Made learning very easy. Thank you Andrew Ng, the team and the volunteers! Cheers!
Very informative and clear. Mentors on forum have a calm and teaching approach.8/8 would recommend
Very clear explanations of fundamentals. Loved the maths and the organisation of course structure.
Great way of understanding a neural network, and the notebooks help you a lot on implementing one!
Amazing course for neural networks. The videos are really nice and practice assignments are great.
Andrew is really great when it comes to teaching,he made difficult concept very easy to understand
An amazing course. A perfect fit for anyone who has just started their journey in neural networks.
Absolutely gem of a course! I enjoyed the content thoroughly. The interview videos are also great.
Exceptionally good contents. Even compared to the Machine Learning Foundation course by Andrew Ng.
Really awesome teacher,learned neural networks from the root,made me fall in love with the subject
I love anything that Andrew NG teaches :') It is easily comprehensible and really makes you think.
It was amazing experience to write all basic functions from scratch ( Specially Back-propagation).
Great Examples and awesome introduction that made the understanding easy as to what was being done
Very good introduction to Neural Networks and helpful exercises that help to reinforce the concept
Very well designed course. Builds a solid theoretichal background about how neural networks works.
I felt well guided during the whole learning path.  Very rich knowledge base in the forum archive.
This is very nice tutorial and help me to learn lot of things regarding image processing with CNN.
Professor Andrew is really a good teacher, he explained the topic very professionally and clearly.
Thank you for Andrew Ng's  brilliant introduction of nueral network. See you in the second course!
This course was fantastic, I learned this material way faster than I would have without the course
great course full of details i learned step by step all the process to build a deep neural network
I`m very inspired by my thirst course on the DL here!There are some mistakes in english subtitles.
A very good Neural Network and Deep Learning course for people like to understand AI 'black magic'
Awesome course, after many other courses actually first really exciting and in depth on the topic.
Amazing course! Very nice theoretical explanation and practical exercises. I totally recommend it.
this course is good for building foundation and start a career in data science and computer vision
Very concise and detailed, explains concepts even a dummy would understand. Multiple intuitions!!!
The course was really exciting and knowledgeable. I enjoyed learning mathematics of deep learning.
Amazing Course! I don't there is any other better platform to study deep learning other than this.
Good course for beginners who have elementary knowledge of Calculus and Python(Coding & Debugging)
Awesome Course, able to implement deep neural network without third party frameworks.Thank you....
Fantastic course, I like the mathematics beyond the topics and how easy the concepts are discussed
Greate course on neural network basics! Perfect for beginners in the field (with calculus notions)
Very good introduction to deep learning. Assignment is very helpful for practical implementation..
Very good begining on this subject! I'm looking forward to take the next course. Thank you Andrew!
Great course. Love how much detail Andrew Ng goes into to explain the math behind neural networks.
I find these courses are really helpful. It is easy to understand and easy to implement by myself.
Implement Deep Neural Network from scratch using python numpy with the help of a great instructor.
Engaging lectures, really great pace, and programming exercises ramped up at an appropriate level.
Very detailed course in fully-connected neural network! The assignments are indeed good practices!
Really good cours that lead you from the simplest neural net to a deep one. I really recommend it!
good introduction for people with no engineer / math education slightly too slow for others though
Great Course! Thank you Andrew Ng once again for teaching the most complex in a simplified manner.
Excellent introduction to the basics of DNNs and the underlying math and computational structures.
It is very useful lessons to learn the basci knolowgede about DL. Thank you for this wonderful wor
Excellent content and well structured exercises.  Python notebooks were very useful and effective.
Great course!One thing disappointed me is Jupiter notes. There are too many bugs in jupiter motes.
This course gives sufficient details for understanding the basis of deep neural networks. Awesome!
very well designed course with an incremental approach and a unitary testing approach; well done!!
No doubt one of the best, if not the best, introductions on deep learning available at the moment.
Excellent organization, very good explanation.. I definetly recommend this first class to everyone
Good explanation, enough maths, very good guiding through the course learning the topics hands-on.
Great description of the neural network models, that included with a singular function definition.
Excellent course covering fundamentals of neural networks.  Great structure and assignment quality
A Great hands-on course that explains concisely the basic building blocks of deep neural networks.
Andrew Ng is back! Amazing course! Focussed on the building the basics for future advanced topics.
Help me a lot on ramping up deep learning from scratch. Really a great course ! 5 stars recommend.
great course with sufficient details to understand the working of neural nets and backpropagation.
The JuPyter notebooks can glitch while saving sometimes. Other than that, this is a great course.
One of the best course for deep learning. His lectures are extremely clear and easy to understand
I loved the classes of Andrew N.G., Very Simple lessons and I feel like I want to watch it again.
crystal clear explanation, some items on notebook maybe not updated, but it doesn't reallt matter
Great introduction to neural networks and deep learning. Looking forward to finish the 2nd course
This course helped me a lot on understanding Neural Network architecture and intuition behind it.
A great course which gives you an insight into Neural Nets and Deep learning. Andrew is the best!
It was awesome! I've leant a lot here. I would like to recommend this course 100%. Thanks Andrew!
Its an excellent course and taught by excellent Instructor.Really its a worth to buy this course.
Apart from a few mistakes in the assignment notebook's expected outputs the course was wonderful!
Andrew is a great teacher.The assignments were easy as the concepts were cleared up in the videos
Deeplearning.ai , kudos to you man ! The way they guide us in the assignment taks is incredible !
the explanation is step by step and clear to understand. Almost all important topics are covered.
Wonderful explanation with solid real time connection. Thanks a lot to Dr.Andrew Ng. Hattsoff Sir
Very nice course structure and concept implementation to learn Neural Networks and Deep Learning.
Wonderful course, Dr. Andrew made is so easy to understand the basic concepts of Deep Learning...
This first course of the whole serial course helps me have a general idea of the neural networks.
Everything is so clear and easy to follow. Yet the core concepts are deeply explained. Thank you!
A very good and a fantastic explanation. I highly recommend to take up this course for beginners.
Andrew's teaching is next level!Every concept is so easy when he teaches.Great learning platform.
It was the best course I can ever have, there were quite tough tasks but it was fun solving them.
Perfect course to have a basic idea of Deep Learning. I recommend taking this fundamental course.
Good course to understand the neural networks with deep learning concepts and its implementations
Awesome course with neat explanation and good hands-on experiments, Thanks, Professor and Team...
Content is awesome. Course is good. But the assignments are spoon-fed and pretty straight-forward
It was a pleasant experience to have to course. It was fluent and I hope to learn more afterward.
Sir Andrew Ng is the best teacher I have ever seen. Thanks a lot for sharing your knowledge, Sir.
Excellent primer on Deep Learning basics. Could have explained the code for better understanding.
A great introduction to the World of Deep Learning. Shows the capability of deep learning models.
Easy to follow, prog assignments well done so we can focus on the concepts rather than the coding
Best explanation with proper assignments.Lots of learning  is there for those who wants to learn.
The course was great and helped me a lot to understand python and deep neural networks in python.
After attending several online courses, this is the first one, that gives you the basic concepts.
Andrew Ng is a high level professor, it was very amazing how simple he explains complex concepts.
I learnt a lot in this course. Best material ever, with an even better tutor and great community.
Great teaching style. Good balance between theory and expert advice on application best practices
Many thanks to Andrew et al.! A very helpful course and I've learned a lot of interesting things.
I learn a lot from this course, both the fundamentals and implementations in Python..recommended!
That course takes your hand and let you dive in the depths of neural network. Thank you Andrew Ng
Great place to start! Particularly like the overview of the intuitions behind the essential math.
Superbly delivered! Great balance between practical implementation and theoretical understanding.
It helped me understand how deep learning really works. I have a better intuition now. I love it.
Andrew explains the concept of the deep learning so candidly ,  the concepts are now clear to me.
The best courses I have taken from online.  Deep learning is not as mysterious as before anymore.
Andrew Ng is hands down the best teacher in this space. Excellent lectures and a well run course.
Very Informative for anyone wanting a future in Deep Learning. It broadens the scope of learning.
Much required basics of Neural Network -  Waiting to complete the remaining parts of this course!
Loved the lectures and the assignments. It really helped me in my DL projects for my company too!
Great transition between Andrew Ng's ML course (GNU Octave/MatLAB) and deeplearning.ai in python.
A clear framework has been constructed through this course, i feel a little confident to move on.
Absolutely amazing course. i learned a lot from this course.Thanks to Andrew Ng Sir and Coursera.
Very well written course. Very much recommended to people who are thinking about this technology!
Very good for beginners in neural networks .Good explanation of shallow and deep neural networks.
One of the best courses to break into Deep Learning. Thanks Andrew NG for such an awesome course.
Andrew Ng is without doubt an excellent teacher. This is a good course for understanding deep NN.
Dr. Ng is an excellent instructor.  His succinct lectures make it easy to understand the material
The best course to start learning about Neural Networks. Would surely recommend this to everyone.
I love this course because so much details and basics involve to create the model so efficiently.
One of the best Neural Network course, we are blessed to have professors like Andrew Ng among us.
Very good introduction to deep learning!  Dr. Andrew Ng made hard topics very easy to understand!
It was very useful to get a look into deep learning techniques and gave a headstart in the field.
Very good course for newbie programmers like me to know the general things about machine learning
Absolutely brilliant course! Well prepared and thought content, both the lectures and excersises!
As always, superbly taught, and I particularly enjoyed the heroes of deep learning extra feature.
I got a clear understanding of what is deep learning and how to build my own deep neural network.
Great introduction to both Deep Learning and Python/NumPy programming. Dr. Ng is a great teacher!
This course helps me understand how neural networks and deep learning work and how to build them.
Best course if someone wants to understand the fundamentals and building blocks of  NN modelling.
First rate teaching by Andrew Ng.  He has a knack for explaining complexity in an accessible way.
Very understandable introduction to Neural Networks and Deep Learning, plus practice. Great help!
The course is very well organized. The way of presenting content is great, slow, simple, perfect.
Phenomenal course. Professor Ng explains concepts really clearly and presents them excellently!!!
Great course complements and exceeds what I learnt at university. Thanks to deeplearning.ai team!
Andrew Ng's magical teaching powers doing wonders in this course. Amazing. Thoroughly enjoyed it.
great and well structured course from basic deep learning with one hidden layer to L hidden layer
very good course, provides all the required knowledge for a beginner to enter deep learning field
good course, but there is something hard to understand in the homework. (maybe 1 time or 2 times)
Best introduction to neural networks and deep learning. Andrew Ng is the best professor in world!
Great course! I believe I have a pretty good understanding and intuition for Neural Networks now.
Great course with very clearly instruction for neural networks, deep learning and implementation.
A fantastic course. Was really beneficial. Looking forward to finish the next part of the course
Very good course, with a lot and very useful information about Deep Learning, Highly recommended
Really nice both as a beginner course but also like a deeper recap for a novice DL practicioner.
The best lecturer and points covered where the doubts i had when developing our project.Thankyou
great course to learn how a neural network actually works and implement a small neural networks.
Absolutely enlightening classes. The tests and assignments are very much appreciated. Thank you.
excellent course, encouraging Andrew and detailed understandable knowledge about neural network.
Very easy to begin. I would recommend any student who has the basic knowledge in Linear Algebra.
The course is great way to learn the basics concept related to neural network and deep learning.
This is a very good course, i understood the working of neural network in a crystal clear manner
Worth it! I learned everything I wanted in just a month, which I could not in the past 4 months.
Amazing course! It provided a deep understanding of the basic nuts and bolts of neural networks.
Loved this course! Definitely worth to take, especially if you are looking for a place to start!
Exceptionally insightful, Andrew Ng is really able to help you understanding the essence of NNs.
very nicely structured. Focus on concept and not tool-smithing or python language nitty gritties
One of most interesting field..I learned lot of things in this course...Thank you coursera..  :)
Understood each and every weeks material, very detailed concepts. Thanks for this amazing course
Thank you, Professor Andrew! Thank you, the respectable workers of  Coursera! Thank you, Github!
I think this class is very helpful for students to start learning deep learning. Doctor Wu speak
Excellent. Provides a nice overview and the exercises are really good to understand the concepts
Very valuable material which provided crucial foundation for my deep learning career. Thank you!
one of the best online courses to learn , code and conquer neural nets with deep learning basics
VERY USEFUL! I get a lot from this course. It open the door for me to get into the Deeplearning!
Thanks to this course my knowledge is increasing! I am going continue the next course. Fighting!
A nice course that introduces the student to basic concepts of neural network in an amazing way.
The information is easy to understand, the program assignments were both interesting and useful.
Stepwise explanation for neural networks implementation is amazing. I really enjoyed the course.
The course materials are clear and intuitive. Assignments fall slightly on the easy side though.
Very insightful exposure to deep learning. Solid foundation to continue learning deeper concepts
Excellent... But it would be very useful if we can have the slides that are presented....Thanks!
The teacher is great. He describes every theory clearly and writes code by himself in the video.
Great class. Wish there were more optional videos doing a deep dive of the mathematical concepts
Very good course for beginners. Clear teaching and not to hard, but conceptually good exercises.
It's very good, the teacher is able to explain the concept in a way so it is easy to understand.
Excelente Methodology and exercices... very nice course.. it was my second course in coursera...
very good course: good teaching, perfect supplementary materials, useful assignments. I like it!
Very good course, only course in the online teach you, how to implement algorithms from scratch.
Excellent course, great learning, very clear and thorough explanations, great exercises. Thanks!
very very good, by this course, i know how to build a basic neural network and coding by myself.
Best course ever, excellent teacher, excellent methodology, best way to learn this amazing topic
Good introduction to Deep Learning, very small steps and guided exercises, focus on  'intuition'
Really enjoyed this course! The assignments really helped to solidify the concepts and were fun.
Excellent course - really provides an intuitive understanding of the fundamentals of neural nets
outstanding!  love the lectures and the programming assignments are challenging and instructive.
Very good course. Clean explanations and assignments are also good. The focus is on fundamentals
Very well done.  Well paced, nice extra material, well constructed exercises.Highly recommended.
It was a really good course. Very informative. Got the opportunity to experience new technology.
Very well structured course with interesting quizzes and programming exercises. Amazing teacher.
Really good course with internals explained very well. I wish I had access to it little earlier.
This course is one of the best courses for beginners out there! Highly recommended to everyone!!
Amazing Course!. Beautifully managed classes and assignments.Prof. Andrew N.G. teaches so wellll
Great course. I loved the python homeworkThe videos a clear and the homework very well designed.
A really well prepared course, lots of small details click together in the lectures & exercises.
I got a great foundation in neural network and deep learning. Can't wait to expand my knowledge.
Great Intro on the subject to the required depth for practitioners, Great teacher! Thanks Andrew
Best of the best! Really really appreciate Prof Ng for dedicating his time to this great course!
A nice course for beginners. I'm more interested in Deep Learning now. Hope I can stick to it!!!
I think that It is a useful course to start diving into neural networks and deep learning world.
A great course which makes a complex topic very structured and very clear to everyone! Thanks :)
Great introduction to Neural Network and Deep Learning. Well prepared and interesting exercises.
The course is very helpful for me to understand the details about neural networks, and its math.
I really enjoy this course and it gives me a lot  of information and details that I really need
Great course for learning neural networks. Super interesting if you know some basic regression.
Amazing course! I'm so interested in doing all specialization, awesome explications by Andrew!!
Excellent course! Explains the fundamentals of DL along with a hands-on programming experience.
This is one of the best and extremely well explained course I have taken in my academic career.
very good course with explaining basic fundamentals of Deep learning algo and good hands on lab
Amazing learning. Fascinating assignments and Andrew Ng Sir's teaching is brilliant as it goes.
This course is exceptionally well designed and taught. It truly makes deep learning accessible.
It was a really a wonderful time learning with Andrew Ng. Thanks for the Financial Aid Coursera
Very Good Course!! Great Effort by Andrew Sir to teach Students Neural Networks. God Bless you!
An explanation is clear. Course contains a lot of useful information and it's very interesting!
Great course, I had a problem in the last  programming assignment, I hope it will be fixed soon
Andrew Ng is an awesome instructor, very organised and clear in his explanations. Big fan here!
great course for introduction of neural  network and hands on implementation of  DNN from basic
all the concepts explained smoothly along with ample amount of quizs assignments and excercises
Provides a really good understanding of neural networks and how to build and code step-by-step.
The best course I have ever done. Crystal clear knowledge of Neural networks and deep learning.
Good course for understanding neural networks at a deeper level in a very simple and lucid way.
This is great course learning about and coding L-Layer NN using python libraries. Great course.
Very helpful to get a good understanding about Neural Networks and to start with Deep Learning.
I was a great experience. I loved every part of the course.Thank you coursera and Andrwe Ng sir
It was encouraging and enjoyable. I learned a lot. Programming exercises were very well guided.
Great! I finished four weeks' workload within 24 hours and now I know something new! Thank you!
Extremely helpfully for all those who are new to Deep learning world. would recommend everyone.
Every concepts are explained beautifully. The assignments at the end of each week tops that up.
Great Course that helped we fill all gaps in NN basics. Jupyter notebooks are extremely helpful
good introduction to neural network and deep learning, the instructor is have a good experience
The great course for everyone. Strong recommendation for everyone who like to be AI/ML engineer
Debug the program takes a lot of time. And I feel matlab is more continent compare with jupyter
Very clear intuitions and instructions. Super helpful to get the key takeaways.Thank you Andrew
I will recommend to every machine learning beginner this the correct platform to become expert.
Incredible explanations and teacher with a soothing samurai-master voice. Best course there is.
I have learned a lot about neural network, so I'm confident to do some cool projects of my own.
very useful for anyone who is interested in deep learning and wants to make a career out of it.
Prof. Ng's lecture is very clear and straight-forward. It's not hard to learn and super useful.
Super valuable course covering everything basics you need to know in developing neural networks
A master class from Dr. Andrew that will ease you into the foundation of Deep Learning concepts
It is a wonderful first course in Neural Network. Easiest explanations to backward propagation.
Very intuitive, well explained. I've got very good introduction into neural networks mechanics.
Great course in providing the basics of Deep Learning especially the mathematics behind it all.
A very good introduction to deep learning. Deals with the very basic concepts in amazing detail
Perfect introduction to fundamentals to deep learning and great practice examples(assignments).
Thanks, this is an introductory course for the general public to learn about the deep learning.
Great Course, the best part are the assignments! Really worth the time and money I put into it.
Good course to build a clear understanding of the basics of  deep neural network implementation
Great Introduction! slow start going over the core concepts repetitively has been very helpful.
very helpful course for me to understand the basic knowledge，the teacher Andrew Ng is so great！
Amazing course. I have gained a lot of insight into deep learning after completing this course.
Great Explanation on basic theories with hands-on coding experience. Forum is also vey helpful.
Happy that i finally know something about deep learning! Thank you Coursera , Thank you Mr. Ng.
Great course! a deep dive in to the "black box" of AI plus my favorite programming tool python!
The course give brief and elegant description of the basic neural network. Thank you Andrew Ng.
This course provides a good option if someone wants to advance his/her skills in deep learning.
Very clear, and easy to follow. The assignments are very good and put the theory into practice.
Excellent organization! Great lectures, and well organized quizzes and programming assignments.
It is another very nice Course by Andrew! Thank you very much for this nice introduction to NN!
This is a very informative course, I liked it very much. The instructor taught so wonderfully.
Well detailed and structured course. I can see that author put a lot of efforts in the course.
very good course, it is very easy to understand even if i not that good at calculus. Thank you
Very insightful, challenging and well explained! A big thank you to all that made it possible!
this is really the most simple course that give you what you need to learn about deep learning
It was  a great experience and the concept of "The heroes of Deep Learning " inspired me alot.
Excellent course. It's a great way to continue after completing the "Machine Learning" course.
Awesome course to get an intuition about basic neural networks and deep learning. Great Works.
This course is very much helpful. With lots of details, i learn a lot as a beginner. Thank you
Assignments were very helpful and details were adding more understanding to the course videos.
This course has really helped me to build my deep learning skills. Very thankful for the same.
It is so great to learn from most prestigious at home. the enviroment is so great for learning
It was great to learn all framework, step-by-step, and develop a serie of functions and tests.
great course with theory as well as practical workings which makes the concept easy to dijest.
Andrew is amazing teacher he teaches most advanced topic in a way that any one can understand.
Fantastic course, providing the basics combined with building the complete model from scratch.
It is a great foundation course on the way towards specializing in the field of deep learning.
Very nicely designed course helped to understand the mathematical foundation of Neural Network
It was very good course, Andrew Ng explained this course videos very vell. I love this course.
This course has helped me gain an in depth understanding of Neural Networks and Deep Learning.
Great course. I have learned many things from this. Hopefully more people will try this course
This has been so helpful to know the in-depth knowledge of how NN works behind the Big Picture
very good course, now i know the mechanism of Neural Network, and can implement one by my self
Concepts are well explained and good coding assignments which helps to understand concepts tho
Ng introcudes knowledge very in detail, which helps me learn entire bascis of neural networks.
Awesome course to learn what is going on behind python libraries like tensorflow and keras etc
Easy to follow and makes you actually implement a neural network from scratch. Very practical!
It was really informative course and helped me to build foundational concepts in deep learning
It is, of course, a basic course and it is the perfect one among all courses available online.
This course has been very helpful to make me understand the workflow of a deep neural network.
Excellent course to start learning Deep Neural Nets with basics covered throughout the course.
Very technical and explained course to learning the concepts and practice with Neural Networks
this was an amazing course. Everyone who is interested in soft computing must try this course.
i Got deep understanding about the concept which have been taught, thank's to Andrew n.g sir!!
It was a well designed course, which explains the basic concepts of building a Neural Network.
Great course! Would highly recommended for anyone interested in neural networks/deep learning.
great course,  every one who looking forward to come in machine learning should do this course
Brilliant course! Well structured, excellent video tutorials, perfectly explained assignments.
Great course, specially when I had the opportunity to practice programming DL and got feedback
Awesome course. Andrew NG is an inspiration to many students like me. He is a true instructor.
Awesome course for beginners. You will learn how to code your own neural network from scratch.
Very intuitive and gives a foundational idea of Neural Networks, highly recommend this course.
Very good course. The instructor is super clear and inspirational. Thanks for the good course.
Really great course. Finish the course and you will gain all the basic about machine learning.
A brief but illuminating introduction to neural networks. Looking forward to further sessions!
An amazing course to learn about Deep Learning. Thank you for creating such an amazing course.
Enjoyed learning neural networks. Andrew explains the concepts that one can easily understand.
Definitely a great start for people interested in Deep Learning! Professor Andrew is the best!
Great introductory course for deep learning, The formulation of the problem is well explained.
Amazing course. I really learned a lot. But make sure you take shallow learning courses first.
It was a great experience learning from Andrew NG! You are awesome my man! Thank you coursera.
Andrew Ng is the real Godfather of AI learning. I am deeply grateful for his teaching methods.
The practical approach exceeds any other course, I totally recommend join this specialization!
I really enjoyed how it is explained and how deep it goes in explaining the really base of NN.
Intuitive class on deep learning for those with a background in programming and linear algebra
This is an amazing course. Thank you, Andrew Ng and his team, for the quality if the material.
its so amazing , explain deep learning in details , man I hope you keep doing grate things  <3
This is great class. I strongly recommend it to every newcomers in the field of Deep Learning.
It is provided in a fresh way, it is a hands on learning process, it is fantastic!, thank you.
great course, and i liked the focus on python which is one of the biggest languages now a days
Great content! Andrew Ng knows what he's talking about, and knows how teach it extremely well!
Good Course to learn Neural Network and complete basics of implementing one for practical use.
Excellent course!! Really guides you into the implementation of DNN and all the steps involved
Really enjoying what I've learnt so far. Andrew's presentation of the material is first class.
I loved the course on machine learning on coursera, and I am loving these new specializations!
Great course, practical examples, excellent clarification of forward and backward propagation
Wonderful course.  Learned a lot about Neural Networks.  Very helpful for a beginner like me.
Finally had the time to complete Prof Ng's course. Best way to learn Neural Nets from scratch
Andrew is a great teacher. IThe class materials is easy to understand and never overwhelming.
Very engaging course. I hope it continues including relevant details with changing technology
Breaking down the complex problem to many simple small problems made it easier to understand.
An amazing introduction to "Deep Learning" :) . Practicals are very well-thought and through.
easy to understand, the professor teaches really well, and the homework is designed carefully
I have to say this course would prepare you very well on understanding neural network models.
The course is awesome. It's really good at laying down the basic foundation of Deep Learning.
This course helped me understand the mathematics going on behind the scene in neural networks
A very good course. provides a good understanding of basic concepts related to neural network
Thank you for providing me this great opportunity to learn deep learning and neural networks.
Awesome explaning. The chance to implement while learning is the best feature of this course.
It was an amazing learning experience. Looking forward to the rest of the courses. Thank You.
Content with programming assignments gives deep understanding behind details of each concept.
A very good course for learning implementation of neural network. I am really very satisfied.
Excellent videos and well designed assignments that do not leave us feeling helpless or stuck
Brilliant course design. Programming Assignments are very interesting and easy to understand.
Phenomenal explanation of complex ML topics and meticulously crafter programming assignments.
Amazing way of teaching. Learnt something very important through this well structured course.
It was fun learning. The experience was better than one I took before in a different website.
Excellent course covering all aspects of deep learning from extreme basics to advance topics.
Good videos with appropriate explanations even for a beginner. I highly recommend this course
It was a really great course well defined and i think i couldn't have found better elsewhere.
Excellent course to start Deep Learning. All the concepts are explained very nicely by Andrew
Very clear and correct explanations!  Thank Professor Ng for giving the best resources to us.
This course gives a lot of insight to Neural Networks. It makes understanding NN and DL easy.
Great course. You gain a solid intuition of what is going on when you train a neural network.
I learned and benefited a lot from this course, Thank you guys for giving me this opportunity
One of the best courses. Easier to understand and down-to-earth approach to show the details.
Great course! Andrew NG explains stuff in such a thorough and intuitive way. Learned so much!
Great overview of the core concepts thus leading to a good intuition for how the models work.
It led me to understand the fundamentals of neural network including math, code and concepts.
Very informative, and a big complex topic is broken down nicely into smaller digestible bits.
Really a very great course on Deep Learning especially the lab part. Totally loved it. Thanks
I would not image what I wish to add to this course to enjoy it more than I do. Thanks a lot!
Very practical and well-structured. Key points are reinforced through examples and exercises.
Thank teacher Andrew Ng very much!!! Very Good course to practice deep learning using python.
A great introductory course that helped me understand the fundamentals about neural networks.
A must do course on NN and DL. Kudos to prof. Andew Ng  and team for designing this training.
Thanks Sir for given me very helpful course details and good though for NN and Deep learning.
i love this course, learned alot and will also follow the next courses of this specialization
Well laid out for beginner's to grasp key concepts. Looking forward to the remaining courses!
A great way for a beginner to start learning into world of Neural Networks and deep learning.
Very good course for a complete understanding of the basic workflow of neural networks & DNN.
Superb course....This is the best way to start neural networks......Thanks a lot !!!!!!!!!!!!
Great introductory course for NNs! Looking forward to the next courses in the specialization!
A great explanation of deep learning. Moreover the tools used are really useful and reusable.
Very good introduction, the instructor is great and explains the concepts in a very clear way
Always clear, practical and interactive, professor Andrew Ng knows how to give a MOOC course.
A good introduction to deep learning. Assignments are well prepared and not too hard or easy.
Great experience! Totally an upgrade in comparison to the Machine learning from Andrew.Thanks
Great course, it's the first time I understand so deeply neural networks, Thanks Andrew Ng !!
Great introduction to deep learning. No prior knowledge of Python or deep learning necessary.
Very good introduction to deep learning, well organized material and good practice exercises.
Building a deep neural network from scratch provided a good learning exercise. Thanks Andrew!
Just the right amount of head-scratching on array indexes, and a nice bit of demystification.
The course simplify the big hype behind Neural Networks and Deep learning. Thank you Prof. Ng
Excellent step-by-step guidance. Programming assignments are both enlightening and enjoyable.
A must for those who wish to understand the fundamentals of Deep learning and Neural networks
great course.  andrew ng is an excellent teacher.  enjoyed it immensely.  highly recommended.
A very useful course that helps to clarify some of the intuition behind deep neural networks.
A truly exceptional course. Concepts are broken down to first principles. Highly recommended.
Good intuition for the concept of neural network and introduction to deep learning. Recommend
Excellent course. Using only numpy to do deep learning is the best choice to learn this tool!
very clear explanation and very clear step by step assignment. Thank Prof Andrwe Ng and team
Thank you Andrew ng.I learned a lot of things deep learning.This is best course for begining
The course had given me a thorough understanding of the Neural Network and its working pace.
Great course ! Improved my NN knowledge and expanded my views and capabilities in the field.
Very resourceful to getting started and warmed-up for using Python to build Neural networks.
Excellent walkthrough Neural Networks for a beginner. Excited to proceed for Specialization.
This is very helpful for students who are beginner and want to learn coding in deep learning
Very descriptive, I had a crystal clr=ear understanding, thanks to all that made it possible
Thank you so much for this great well explained course, I can't wait to finish other courses
Very well Structured programming assignments. The optional videos were quite insightful too.
Excellent set of exercises. Gives proper guidance to develop a deep neural network in python
excellent course. Maybe a bit more simpler coding exercises needed after some of the videos.
Excellent course for learning neural networks and deep learning. Hats off to the whole team.
Very good insights to what neural networks are, how to use them and some simple applications
The course is good and I have learned a lot from this . Thank you for this wonderful course.
Good course. But I think it needs more reading materials, such as PDF files of the lectures.
i think this is the best course of introduction to deep learning. Very simple and very well.
Andrew Ng is one of the best teachers around the world. Thank you very much for that course.
Very informative course with clear explanations of concepts. Andrew Ng is a gem of a teacher
The best course, with proper flow and intuition of deep learning and neural network basics .
Fantastic course. I loved every minute of it. Andrew Ng is very succinct in his explanations
Very good course. Helped me to understand the principels of deep learning that was confusing
Very exciting course. It is well organized and help the student to move easily step by step.
Very good course to understand the basics of deep learning and get out of your confort zone.
The course is great. Now I have completely understood the deep neural network .Thanks a lot!
It covers the basics of Deep Learning and provides enough assignments to test your knowledge
Amazing class. Dr. Ng has a really good way to explain things. Highly recommend this course.
Great! I learned so much about the theory and practice of neural networks and deep learning.
Great Class, might be a little too easy (if you have prior ml knowledge) but still very fun.
it's a very good course to let me learn about the deep learning especially the coding tasks.
Awesome course, taught very well which can be easily followed. Nice programming assignments.
Provided great insight into the basics of how various libraries on Deep Learning are created
Another well designed lecture and coursework from Prof Ng.  Look forward to the next module!
Good way to understand and learn clean and proper multi-layer neural network implementation.
Finally understand forward and backward propagation in neural network thanks to this course.
Thank professor Andrew. His course is easy to learn and I get a lot from it. Great course!!!
Awesome course!, I would like to appreciate  Dr. Andrew Ng , for his great  teaching skills.
Awesome , it was little tough to understand math notations but it was good in all the manner
Fantastic, much better than the text books, very practical, concise, to the point, loved it!
It is really nice course, helped me a lot in understanding the maths behind deep neural nets
Really easy to understand and well crafted, I wasn't thinking that neural nets are that easy
This is the only course that really helped me to get a clear understanding on Deep Learning.
Instructor's explanation on the topic is very clear, and the assignments are easy to follow.
Andrew is evolving as a teacher and started to explain basic things even better than before.
Andrew does a great job of introducing Neural Networks and makes the course very accessible!
It's grate of this course as an entry material of deep learning. I've learned a lot from it.
Great course! You go through all of the details of forward propagation and back propagation.
Thank you Coursera for giving me this opportunity to learn. Special thanx to Prof. Andrew NG
Well taught and a good review even for folks who already have experience in Neural Networks.
This course is well taught and provides an overview on Deep Learning and a bit of intuition.
Excellent introduction to deep neural network. Looking forward to the entire specialization.
Highly guided material; builds well from lesson to lesson; like the interviews with "heroes"
Great theory and practice. Fantastic follow up for classic Andrew Ng Machine Learning course
The design of the homework is perfect and the lecture is very detailed. Thank you very much!
Good course although it's an easy one if you have taken Machine learning course by Andrew NJ
Easy to follow course materials. Clear and educational tests with step by step verification.
Excellent course for beginners, clears concepts and the programming exercises are also good.
Extremely helpful and easy to get hands-on practice experience. Thanks the team, keep going!
Excellent!!! Andre makes great effort to make us understand the basics of the deep learning.
The course provides very basic, but also extremely useful information about neural networks.
A great course, very accessible. Andrew Ng deploys a true talent to simplify complex issues.
Great course very easy to understand this much hard things keep creating content like this.
Easy to follow, great assignment. May not be fit for ppl with prior deep learning knowledge
Most thorough course I've taking on NN. And I have taking many. Finally grasped the process
Great materials. Great project and quizzes. Now I understand the basic concepts. Thank you.
this course focuses well on conceptual portions. The pace is slow but it is worth the time!
Concepts are clearly explained, Implementation from scratch is the best part of the course.
Very good and descriptive course! I strongly recommend it for creation a strong base in DL!
Superb teaching by andrew ng . Perfect course for beginners who want to learn deep learning
Really detailed, and easy to start with, even if you're new to this Deep Learning Field. :)
Good Course. It gave me intuition regarding the implementation of deep learning alogorithms
I really liked the course and its approach for introducing beginners to the neural network.
Very good teaching. But only one complaintthat back propagation is not explained very well.
A bit too easy coming from a math background, and too many clues on how to code everything.
Very useful. Gives a very hands on experience to start writing our own deep learning model.
Really well taught, simplifies complex concepts into simply, easy, and understandable ones.
Great Course! Thanks to coronavirus for letting Iranian students use Coursera courses!!! :)
Great course. Helps to get familiar with the basic of numpy and NN and their implementation
Excellent course.  Very detail explanation of the material and great programming exercises.
The was really fantastic , i learnt a lot whie flowing with the course.Thank you!! Coursera
I love this course. We are simply going from basic to advance. Thanks to Prof. Ng. Awesome.
Wonderful explanation by Andrew Ng.. and well structured learning material and assignments.
Got to learn a lot from the course. The teaching style was fun and so were the assignments.
it is the best course of coursera and will help me to continue my  journey in Deep learning
Great course! Can be a difficult to tell difference between lower and upper case variables.
Excellent course, very clear explanations, great practical exercises and training material.
One of the best explanations of neural networks with right balance of maths and NN concepts
THis is a very useful course . through this course i developed my deep learning knowledge .
I have to say that  I never do  so much math computation after graduation from high school。
This course is absolutely awesome! It helps me so much in deep learning and neural network.
this course is so great. it contains so many knowledge of AI. I really learn a lot from it!
very interesting, well detailed, and well explained. I learned a lot, thank you very much !
It's really wonderful! For person who want to enter into the AI field, It's really helpful!
Best Deep Learning source on InternetI'm so glad prof. Andrew NG and team made this course.
I think Deep Learning is the first part of the best education series. You will learn a lot.
I really admire the talent and commitment that went into creating this learning experience.
Excellent!This course gives me an initial sense of neural network and deep learning.Thanks!
The most interesting MOOC I have taken so far. I really enjoy the way the class was taught.
Congratulations  gret work this is complete course with great knoledge to bring :)thank you
This is an awesome course for any beginner who is interested in learning the trending DNNs.
This course is awesome! Anyone who wants to study machine learning should take this course.
This course gave me a intuitive feel for Neural Networks and how to implement from scratch.
Amazing Course. Each and every concept is clearly explained in shot time. 100% recommended.
This is a very informal, practical and interesting course. Strongly recommend to beginners.
Great course on Deep Neural Networks, with pleasant practical exercises in Python notebook.
Nice course for beginners. But expected detailed maths to be explained for backpropagation.
Easier than expected, a great introduction to neural networks and especially python coding.
Well explained and step by step. This course is far superior to other courses I have taken.
Learned a lot. Great progression and depth. Very easy to follow exercises (maybe too easy).
Great explanations. Wish there were more people like Andrew, the AI progress would explode.
After week 3, very good.Would be nice to have an option to run jupyter notebooks locally...
The more deep learning I tried, the more I appreciate how good Andrew's courses really are!
The course was very informative and interesting. All of the content were very well ordered.
Amazing course. Everything was crisp and well guided, and the difficulty level was on par!
It really helped me to learn the topics of deep learning with hands-on python programming.
Learned about neural networks and deep learning, It is very useful course for researchers.
learned from scratch not from some pre built libraries .so i got to understand the basics.
THIS SIR IS ONE OF THE GOOD LECTURER I PREFER TO ALL TO TAKE THIS COURSE OR SPECIALISATION
Amazing, Just Amazing Experience with this course, and the course instructor was AWESOME!!
It was one of the best course that I've ever had. All the assignments were well organized.
The course is very good for beginner who start learning deep learning from zero knowledge.
really good course, but some take home notes would be really great for future reference :)
I like this course. It gave me a better understanding of neural networks and deep learning
The lectures were so good that they exceeded my expectations, Andrew Ng you were so great.
Great course, Easy to understand the basic foundation of backward and forward propagation.
The best course I have ever attended. It redefined my concept about teaching and learning.
Excellent course! Specially the programming assignments take you through the steps nicely.
The best course outline to get to know about neural networks from the scratch. I loved it.
Great course. Andrew Ng is a very good teacher. He explains concepts in a very simple way.
Very organized materials and clear instructions. Looking forward for the following course.
Amazing course! Andrew Ng nails it in explaining the nitty gritties of the neural networks
Great Course! Lectures were clear and concise and the programming examples were excellent!
clear and concise for learning the basic concept fo neural networks and their applications
this specialization has helped me gain so much confidence in the field of machine learning
this is an excellent course and i have literary learned about neural networks through this
I learned a lot of the basic knowledge of Deep learning, which helps in my research a lot.
A very ideal course even for those who have no previous knowledge of deep learning. Thanks
Great course that teaches you the theory behind artificial neural networks in simple terms
It was a great introduction to Neural Nets and how Forward and backward propagation works.
Absolutely excellent course. Loved it and learned a lot. Thank you coursera and Andrew Ng.
excellent course for starting deep learning. cleared all the basic concepts and my doubts.
Wonderful course. starts from very basics and nicely navigates through the advance topics.
I highly recommend this course. Very educational content in theory as well as in practice.
Helps you to get a solid beginning of neural networks, both theoretically and practically.
Very nice course for understanding neural networks and deep learning. Very well organized.
Loved it, Very easy to understand, the assignments really help to understand the concepts.
Andrew Ng is such a humble and an awesome professor, wish to meet him in person someday !!
This has been one of the best courses so far on deep learning on the internet as of today.
The course was amazing. The explanations and insights given by Andrew were really helpful.
Just very clear and amazing!Cleare explaination, very good material and a funny teacher :)
very good course, although maybe a little bit easy for people with some previous exprience
Pretty thorough practical course on the fundamentals of neural networks and deep learning.
Thanks to everyone for providing us with this excellent course, especially Prof Andrew Ng.
very helpful to understand the forward/backward propagation in practice. Thank you Andrew!
What an amazing guy and teacher Andrew is ! Have learnt a lot ! :) He's the mozart of AI !
Very good courses, I get lots by the course, especially the top-level design of the codes.
Thank you for the good explanation. I will continue enrolling your next course absolutely.
Possibly the best basic intro to Neural Networks, helped me peer inside the "black box" :)
Very good course to start with. Although the exercises can be made a bit more challenging.
Excellent basic introduction to deep learning, even if you do not know Python.  Thank you!
My first time using Coursera but this is by far the best online training I've ever joined.
In depth knowledge that how to handle multiple layers with different activation functions.
Awesome course but Andrew talks slow. You can solve this issue increasing the video speed.
as good as the machine learning course.The best first step in deep learning.Thanks, Andrew
It was fun working through and improving a binary classifier for cat image classification!
A programmers approach, without compromising on the core concepts. Would highly recommend.
One of the best machine learning course. Andrew you rock!!! We are so blessed to have you.
Very informative Course. This course help me to shape my knowledge in the Neural Network.
The course is simple and intuitive, as an introduction to Deep learning is simply perfect
Best course for understanding Basics of Neural Network . I learned a lot from this course
Taught very clear and the logic of explaining things is stright and easily understandable
If possible use a slightly better project for the assignments.Other than that its amazing
Thank you for this great course, I'm looking forward to the future courses in this track.
The course is detailed, and it gave me a basic understanding of how neural networks work.
Great course!!! Clear explanation!! step-by-step explanation makes me understand easily!!
I really liked the friendly and well-explained assignments. It was a great course overall
Thank you sir, for keeping my  basics stronger than ever.And also thanks for inspiring me
great content. provide deep understanding and combine with carefully designed assignment.
Despite being beginner, I was able to understand the logics. All thanks to @Andrew Ng Sir
Best course. It gives you complete knowledge about the neural networks and deep learning.
Andrew Ng makes things easier and more beautiful with subtle explanation of the concepts.
Attach a self assessment problem in assignments otherwise it seems like a tutorial guide.
i liked so much this course, i learned many things about python and how to make my own NN
Great course! Learn the theory and go to practice in really intelligent guided practices.
The course was very balanced with statistics and practical sessions. I am very satisfied.
Great course. If you want to understand the fundamentals neural networks take this course
Simply Best and simple. But lots of practice is required with this to excel in the field.
A very nice course. Explains all the equations in great depth for a better understanding.
Im giving 5 stars, however i think a deeper explanation for backpropagation will be nice.
Mr. Andrew helped me a lot to understand the concept of Neural Networks and Deep Learning
programming assignments really helped reinforce the concepts taught in the video lectures
Great course! Andrew Ng is an amazing teacher and the only reason for taking this course.
Amazing!  Lectures were very clear and homework assignments were well organized.  Thanks!
Great development of ML course from Andrew! Can't wait to get to the next course in line.
Awesome course, Please do go through the prerequisites before opting this specialization.
It would be very beneficial to be able to print all the course notes/videos in one place.
Fantastic! It gave me a strong view of how to implement forward and backward propagation!
It's a complete package to learn deep learning. I have completed two weeks and loving it.
Short course where you are building the whole neural network (with the help of the staff)
Great course. I am really impressed by how clearly the material was delivered throughout.
Excellent understanding of the basics of Deep learning and the making of Neural networks.
Thank you very much Andrew NG, For explaining everything in a detailed manner and calmly.
The course has a really good way of helping you understand and implement neural networks.
Excellent lectures. Concepts were explained in simple and easily understandable language.
A great course to start to better understand how neural network works and how to train it
I like the assignments very much. They are well designed and super helpful. Thanks a lot.
It is a really nice introductory course to learn about this new computational technique !
Awesome course, became a fan of Andrew ng sir. Thanks for providing valuable information.
I understand how deep learning actually works, It is a good course for everyone beginner.
Great course. I definitely think that I have a better intuition of neural network models.
This is an awesome course for enthusiasts willing to learn how and what of Deep Learning.
You will realise about the teaching effort that there is behind the course. Great course!
Brilliant course, great pacing, interesting material and an overall pleasure to undertake
A very good course for get started with deep learning concepts. It's simple and practical
Excellent course for the beginner. Helps to build concepts for building a neural network.
Dived into the core of Neural networks and got hands on experience to work with the code.
Exceptionally well content ....As always Prof. Andrew Ng explain the concept really well.
it was a great experience, thank you also for providing a tuition support to me... best..
Excellent course, helped me to understand the science behind working of a Neural Network!
What a good course for a deep learning  fresher. The quality of subtitle need to improve.
Very good if you are not satisfied with other courses that do not show the Math behind NN
a relatively basic course and it really helps me pick up fundamentals of neural networks.
For a beginners in the area this course is amazing. I am excited to move to the next one.
Great course to learn neural networks as well as deep learning, everything goes smoothly.
Great Lessons, covers everything along with explaining the mathematics behind the models.
The course is very well, I recommend everyone who wanna learn deep learning to attend it.
Excellent intro to Deep Neural Networks. Just like the Machine Learning Course by Andrew.
That was good. But expected introduction of tensorflow to a minimum level in this course.
One of the best course on Deep learning which teaches the basics in a very intuitive way.
Love Andrew ng's courses, Always gives new dimension to your understanding and learning..
It is a well-prepared course. That builds one from scratch to the level one needs to be.
This course is very helpful in understanding how neural networks workThank you very much
Great course, could have benefited from some better quizzes but still super informative.
videos are of very great benefit and of high quality , it was a great course! Thank you!
The course instructions were really very intuitive to learn through and was very useful.
Very good course for the NN beginners and for those who want to understand how it works!
nice course to learn the basic of deep learning and the assignments are really helpful .
Great course. Professor is great at explaining things in such an easy way to understand.
Amazingly taught! Covered key concepts from the basics, really good learning experience!
Tough if you haven't done calculus lately but a great course.  Dr. Andrew Ng is awesome.
This is a very good course to learn and code all the fundalmentals about neural networks
This one provided me clearer insights into Neural Network , forward and back propagation
Learning in this course was an amazing experience. I enjoyed the quiz & the assignments.
Very good course with practice. The assignment can be used for my project in the future.
Helped me to better understand neural networks after taking the machine learning course.
Very complex topics taught in a very simple and clear way. Well done Andrew Ng and team!
Excellent, thank you very much for the tutorials and multiple explanations and examples.
This is the best online course so far as to understand Neural Network and Deep Learning.
Going back to the basics really helped my understand exactly how gradient descent works!
Thanks a lot. The way the content is provided is professional and perfect! Thanks a lot!
Best course I have ever taken . The explanation and pace of learning is simply amazing !
Best course for having depth understanding of Neural Network and Deep learning .Loved it
a nice teacher and a nice course! you will gain a lot, if you take the course seriously!
The course is very interesting and challenging and i hope there will be more assignments
I likes this course. It helps me alot to build my knowledge as well as practise on hands
Excellent course, clearly describes shallow and deep networks with meaningful exercises.
Thank you for Coursera.org for such a detailed coursed.Andrew Sir your are simply superb
Super helpful introduction to neural networks and nicely implemented theory in practice.
This course is really clear and comprehensive! I loved the exercises where I wrote code!
Best recommendation for anyone interested in neural networks and how deep learning works
Didactically very well structured. Course material very clearly explained. Great course!
Amazing teaching - I wish we could have lifetime access to its contents and homeworks...
Great educational methodology: interactive, positive, encouraging for ensuring learning.
It removed the fear of deep learning from me. And Andrew Ng is awesome. I just love him.
My first completed course after years! Very good insight into the cogs of deep learning.
Great course, learn a lot on how to build and understand the math behind neural networks
Good,  well describes neural networks.it's better to learn ML course by Andrew  NG first
I love Andrew for his way of presenting the knowledge he has to all the world. Thank you
Very clear instruction and an appropriate level of depth for data science practitioners.
Solid explanations and coding projects to give intuition about how neural networks work!
it gives you a good overview and helps build a roadmap of NN which enables further study
hope can go a little deeper in math; otherwise, everything is well designed for learner.
Awesome from scratch to advanced deep learning concept. I am now a big fan of Andrew Ng.
Exceptional way of teaching. Learned a lot and most important got all the basic concepts
very helpful for beginners, and hope Ng could add more backward derivatives explanation.
Great course, well explained and accessible for everyone. Definitely worth doing! Thanks
Very good course, great information, challenging quizzes and a deep intro into the topic
The course explains most of the backgrounds in neural network in a clear yet simple way.
Interesting course that help me gain lots of insight about the computer and the society.
The course is amazing! I appreciate the effort in making it so easy to follow and learn!
Good basic level course for someone who wants to understand neural network from scratch.
This course really helped me to have a better understanding of how neural network works.
Very good introduction to machine learning basics, DNN and how to deal with Python Numpy
Best course on deep learning ever! basics of deep learning cover with great explanation.
hands on course , highly recommended , gives excellent foundation #gymnasticsForTheBrain
I like this progress , it give me intuitions how neural network works!!! thank you, ng.!
Amazing intro to deep neural networks! Strong foundations for deep learning enthusiasts.
Very useful and clever way to guide the students to master the most important technique.
the Coursera JupyterHub Notebooks were great and Andrew is a wonderful lecturerloved it!
Really Nice and helpful course for understanding about deep learning and neural network.
The best course define fundamental of the deep neural networks especially vectorization.
I like this course since it refresh machine learning knowledge to develop deep learning.
Another great course from Prof Andrew! I thoroughly enjoyed the programming assignments!
Made a seemingly complex topic like Neural Networks very simple to understand and grasp.
Fantastic! Love the comparison between logistic regression, 2-layer and L-layer on code.
this course is very helpful for people who are new in deep learning. I loved it so much.
Andrew Ng is an all round cool guy. Great course, great teacher. Would highly recommend.
This course gave me a deeper understanding on how neural networks work. Very structured.
It's a practical and systematic course, especially programming assignment help me a lot!
This course is really helpful to build a strong foundation on the deep learning concepts
Thanks , Professor Andrew Ng,  you are a great teacher. I benefit a lot from the course.
Really easy to understand and clear programming assignments that a Python newbie can do.
good course， the programming work design is reasonable, stimulated the interest of study
Amazing course. Recommend to everyone interested in machine learning and neural networks
Version 2.0 of Ng's legendary Machine Learning course.He has come back better than ever!
This course is highly recommended for those who are really interested in Deep Learning.
I think it's a very very successful teaching method. Thanks a lot, Andrew and his team.
Good Theoretical concepts  and Detail  assignment  on  Image classification problem . .
The explanation of Prof. Andrew Ng is impressive and this course is really interesting.
A very concise mathematical explanation of the fundamental elements of Neural Networks!
Great for beginners who wanna study by yourself,  step by step teaching and practicing.
A very self-sufficient course. Overall had a wonderful experience learning on Coursera.
The explanation was very clear. And all math behind the concepts was clearly explained.
The notebooks and assignments are amazing which makes the learning really easy and fun.
excellent course but basic knowledge of linear algebra and machine learning is required
andrew is great!! i have leaned the concept of deep learning. thanks coursera and adrew
It is the best deep learning course ever I learnt. Its is a good base for deep leaning.
Structured in a way that maximizes learning and minimizes time wasted in minor details.
Very Efficient teaching and very excellent programming exercises to test our knowledge.
Really well-guided course, not too hard to follow but also makes you think on your own.
A neat comprehensive and step by step course to learn neural networks and deep learning
Great course to start learning Deep Learning concepts in a concise and efficient manner
If you are into applied machine learning and deep learning, this is the course to take.
Great Explanation by Andrew Ng. I am now confident about building deep learning models.
Amazing Content and very well structured. Thanks, Andrew for such  amazing explanations
It is a marvelous course from coursera for a start in deep learning and nueral network.
It was a wonderful knowledge gaining session. Thanks to Mr. Andrew for amazing lecture.
The course is clearly explained and however is a start in this field can understand it.
Thanks for providing the course. It is very much useful. Wonderful learning experience.
Another amazing course by Andrew Ng - Looking forward to the next class in this series.
This course is really suitable for beginners to make their first step in deep learning.
Great course! Smoothly walks you through the world of Neural Network and Deep Learning.
Great course! It provides a deep understanding of the internal work of neural networks.
Excellent foundational course. I'm looking forward to the others in the specialization.
the course has really helped me in understanding the basic concepts of Neural Networks.
Thank you. Teacher Andrew.I got a lot confidence in deep learning by this great course.
One of the best courses about DL i've ever challenge. Thank u Andrew, thank u Coursera!
I found this course well-paced and detailed. Nice introduction to notebooks and python.
Great Instructor and in-depth content on the fundamental nitty-gritty of Deep Learning.
The course is really helpful to learn the basics of machine learning and deep learning.
It was very useful, explanatory and in-depth training. Thank you very much for sharing.
It's such a great course for beginners with the deep learning area. Highly recommended.
Foundations of DL perfectly explained. Great teaching materials (loved the notebooks!).
Great basic course on ML. Feel free to skip if you are familiar with the basics on NNs.
very very good course, excellent! Cannot find another ML course better than this online
quite interesting class! but can be a bit more explanation on the math of cost function
Feel good for completing this Course. Content delivery and assignments are really nice.
The best course in deep learning with details explanation of neural network parameters.
Useful and concrete introductory course to neural networks. Fits all experience levels.
Great course, gives great understanding of the basic principles, fantastic assignments.
I really enjoyed the class.  A good balance of new material and help along the journey.
I can able to relate bits and species now about Neural Network and Deep neural network.
I liked the systematic approach from basics to full implementation of the NN mechanics.
It's great and helpful. I enjoy the this course in the last week, and thank you Andrew.
Great course, though some of the content overlap with another course "Machine Learning"
Very Detailed and clear. I was able to code complex logic very easily after this class.
well done, I really like the way of teaching with exercise of building NN from scratch!
Was very intellectual and easy to understand as I progressed through the weeks of study
Good course and building fundamentals with vectorization and numpy usage in Assignments
A very good introduction, especially  if you are fluent in Linear Algebra and Calculus.
This course is very helpful in understanding the nitty-gritties of the neural networks.
The instructor is one of the kind. He provides very good intuition to difficult topics.
Very good although I dislike working in notebooks as I'm accustomed to IDE (PyCharm) ;)
Great step-by-step introduction to building deep neural nets from the basic principles.
Great content and elaborate explanation along with nice presentation by Andrew himself.
if u wanna learn how to make deep neural nets from scratch, its the right course !!! :D
good one ,prog exercises can be made more rigorous,though excellent from beginner view.
Fantastic course. I got a much better understanding of backpropagation in deep networks
It was perfact for people who are not familiar with mathtics and programming languages,
It's one of the greatest courses one could ever have on Introduction to Deep Learning!!
Excellent introduction.Would have liked a repository with the detailed associated math.
Please make valuable course like this to enrich the skills of students across the globe
Now I have a very good idea about the deep NN's, at least for the supervisory learning.
Very well taught course, good material. Good explanations in the programming exercises.
Incredible teaching, truly inspiring. Thank you for making this available to everybody.
Absolutely fantastic course, full of great intuitive explanations and demonstrations!!!
Excellent lecture videos. The exercises were very engaging and easy to follow through.
Gratitude for Prof. Andrew Ng for putting this course out there for everyone to learn.
Really very supportive course. Motivating and helps understand the concepts thoroughly
nice to learn new concepts for image processing using neural network and deep learning
Great explanation and exercises that greatly improve the understanding of the content.
I think the math part could be more involved. The coding part was also a bit too easy.
that was awesome I've learned completely all things that presented, thank you so much.
Love how Andrew teaches! Looking forward to the next few courses in the specialization
This course helped me a lot to understand neural networks and basics of deep learning.
This course is challenging but Mr Andrew make the concepts pretty simple to understand
Outstanding content and explanation. Must for Deep Learning fundamentals. Thank you!!!
The topics are explained wonderfully and I've learned a ton! Thank you so much Andrew!
I find the course very interesting and learned the concepts effectively.Thank you sir,
A great starting course and a quick introduction to deep learning and neural networks.
Well structured, organized, lots of knowledge and It makes the experience pretty cool.
This was a very good course, I enjoyed it a lot and it gave me a lot of understanding.
Excellent course as an introduction to Neural Networks with the focus on Deep Learning
Professor Andrew Ng never disappoints :) . Thanks, Coursera, I won't let you all down.
Awesome course! Even understood it as someone newly initiated to computer programming!
Detailed and well explained. Guided project to implement the learning with guidelines.
Nice introduction into neural networks with good level of depth into math behind them.
The course was really interesting...The assignments made the learning more interesting
Detailed and very informative lectures. Handson gives good hold on the understandings.
I found this course very well structured. The instructor is an excellent communicator.
Amazing course and gives a in depth knowledge about neural nets. Andrew Ng Sir is BEST
Very informative. Help me learn foundation of ML, how things work from the very basic.
It's quite good, although something similar with the previous machine learning course.
Thank you so much for this wonderful course I have enjoyed it too much. Thanks so much
very well structured material, I really liked the way programming tasks were presented
I had great fun learning very basic fundamentals of Neural Networks and Deep Learning.
Great Experiance With coursera. I have learned alot with you wonderful teaching style.
very excellent and applicable course. thanks from your group and specially Mr Anrew NG
Best course, was able to learn from zero knowledge to all the way up to building a NN.
Very useful...in understanding deep learning. Thanks Prof. Andrew NG for sharing this.
provides no in depth review on forward and back propagation associate with derivatives
This is a good start in the area of deep learning.   I look forward to the next stepss
What a wonderfully presented and comprehensive introduction to (deep) neural networks!
Nice for basic understanding, well explanation for dimensions, save me from confusing.
Very nice course, It covers theory and practice very well, 5 star for prof. Andrew NG!
This course has been a great start for me. I am very satisfied completing this course.
Well explained by Andrew for better understanding the "magical" thing of deep learning
Builds up the basics in not just neural networks but also python and jupyter notebooks
Excellent! Best course to start with to understand neural networks and deep learning !
Andrew ng you are awesome. You will make us feel such a complex functions very simple.
Best course for introduction to neural networks and deep learning. I have learnt a lot
the course is very nice. and Andrew teach the knowledge point very carefully and good.
Provides a very nice balance between introduction to the field and the math behind it.
Greate course, now I can understand thoroughly  basic ML concept at this first course.
Great course, world-class instructor, from zero to deep learning with painless Python.
Really useful and practical course giving a concise introduction to NNs/Deap Learning.
It's an amazing course for anyone who want to learn about supervised machine learning.
Excellent course providing us much needed practice and information for neural networks
Very nice introduction to deep learning. The course is very simple and understandable.
Very good introduction! I learned how to build a Neural Network Model from scratch. :)
not that simple topic excellent explained and nice step by step programming excersises
Andrew explains everything very clearly which makes taking his course super enjoyable.
Excellent introduction to the topic, Python programming exercises are quite formative.
Great intro, specially for the practitioner, to deep back propagation neural networks.
A great course. Starts from first principals and builds up to implementing a deep net.
The clearest and most practice oriented deep learning course ever. I really enjoyed it
I love this course, it teacher me how to use the deep learning to identify the cat ^_^
Great course!The math is somewhat basic, but the NN part is great. Highly recommended!
Excellent introduction to the topic by Prof. Ng with some helpful practical use-cases.
I can understand basic Neural networks and Deep Learning. So I can't wait next course!
I can know how to implement a Neural Networks Now, Thanks NG. you are a great teacher.
good introduction to the neural network. definitely encourages me to keep on learning.
Good detailing, showing the underlying bits and pieces (before using e.g. tensorflow).
One of the best online courses I've ever taken. Great instruction and great exercises.
Awesome! Very easy to follow. I also enjoyed the interviews, especially the first one.
Great course, one small improvement: would be nice to have an access to course slides.
Andrew Ng provides very thorough, concise, and clear explanations for Neural Networks.
Very good course, learning materials are easy to understand and code is very readable.
Great Courses, learn the secret of deep learning and how to structure deep python code
Very useful course about (deep) neural networks. The instructor is very good as always
although I've studied theories of neural network, this course still benefits me a lot.
Thank you Sir so much for explaining the content more simply. This can not be better.
This is really a very good course, I have learned a lot of new things. Thank you!  :)
An amazing course for getting in-depth knowledge about how deep neural networks work!
it's really a great course .everything is explained from scratchhighly recommended!!!
every step is clear and helpful. a lot of information needed to be digested afterhour
Amazing course to give me a basic understanding of neural networks and deep learning.
It is a very informative course. Thank you for giving me this commendable experience.
Excellent Course helped to learn the concepts of deep learning and its implementation
It has been an engaging learning with Andrew, Teach from basics to complex structures
Understand machine learning then work on applying it... Detailed course!! Keep it up!
Extremely well conducted course. Setting a next level of benchmark of online courses.
This course is amesing. I learned many things that are useful while we project of AI.
A good introductory course for neural networks and the fundamentals of deep learning.
It's a great course! I have learned a lot about neural networks. Thank you very much.
Learnt NN and enjoyed the course. Am energised and motivated to dive into this field.
Excellent course for begginers.Solving the programming assignment gives  confidence .
excellent learning material. assignments are well designed to make insights to occur.
It's a really amazing course ! I've learnt a lot from this course, thank you Andrew !
Was a very good experience. Learnt about basics of deep learning and neural networks.
This is an extraordinarily awesome course for beginners in the field of Deep learning
Exceptional course by Andrew Ng. The concepts are explained with ease and simplicity.
I love the interview session with Geoffrey Hinton, Pieter Abbeel, and Ian Goodfellow.
Very good course. Gave a very good introduction to Neural networks and deep learning.
Excellent course, I could acquire a good proficiency in the neural networks knowledge
This is one good course I learnt I am so so happy and I am the beginner of the course
The neural networks are coming out of their black boxes thanks to these explanations!
Great course! Explaining abstract concepts with vivid examples! Strongly recommended!
Nice course . It's easy to unserstand the content especially the assignment tutorial.
Excellent explained, good organization of new concepts, easy to learn, math explained
Excellent introduction to the subject, compelling and clear. Thoroughly recommend it!
One of the best courses to start with and get the basics correct. Highly recommended.
It is beautiful and most intuitiveIt is very informative and does things from scratch
This course does teach from basic stuff. I enjoyed learning it. Thanks to Coursera :)
Very well-structured, rewarding and highly enlightening course. I liked it very much!
This course is suitable for the beginner. The quiz and assignment  set is quite good.
Very clear explanation, good exercises. Better provide link to some math backgrounds.
Loved the programming exercises, were really helpful to see how NN works in practice.
It's a very complex topic and  Andrew has explained very well and its really helpful.
excellent course and a complex subject explained in simple easily understandable way.
A great course with all elements for anyone to learn about how Neural Networks works.
Course was very informative.Known the mathematics behind deep learning neural netwoek
This course is very nice.I learn a lot from here. Thanks the Ng, thanks the coursera.
Perfect Course and really thanks to Andrew Ng and other staff who created this course
Good introduction to neural networks. Very clear and exercises very useful. Congrats!
Course is really good. Assignments are equally good to give good hands on experience.
Exceptional course material, very intuitive and easy to undetstand. Much recommended.
Very well structured course giving us a peek into deep learning and Neural networks .
Great for giving the firsts steps in the DL field! Looking forward for the next ones!
Assignments are quite good. It was very nice learning. Discussion forums helps a lot.
Andrew Ng's courses are hands down the best out of all the online courses I've taken.
There are some grading issues in the programming assignments but the course is great!
GOOD TEACHING STYLE THAT LET ME EASILY GET THE POINT OF WHAT DEEP LEARNING IS WORKING
really helpful course. well designed and lectures are good with detailed explanation.
Great course to help understand deep learning and implement the algorithms in Python.
Amazing course! Explains all steps so clearly that anyone can learn how to build NNs.
Quite a good course to learn the basics of neural networks with some numpy background
A Complete course, Explains every tiny detail about the concepts. Loving this course.
Focuses on the core of deep learning, without diving deep into the algebraic details.
Excellent course although I had to dedicate more time that the expected one per week.
It is a great experience to learn this class. I like the jupyter way to learn python.
Fantastic!  Incredible job of teaching complex material in the simplest way possible.
Super ! I am amazed by this style of course and very thoughtful design of the course.
The material was light and kept very simple for easy introduction to neural networks.
Excellent review of basic machine learning concepts, as well Neural Network algorithm
This course has been so far the best way to learn about deep learning for beginners.
This course is not as clear as Machine Learning, but it is still an excellent course
this is the one of the best platform to learn, I am so happy to join. thanks to all.
This course gives you the intuitions needed to be confortable learning the NN topics
Loved the course and the content. Dr. Andrew Ng explains difficult concepts so well.
The course content is gradual, easy to understand, and the homework is well-guiding.
Very nice course, I am so happy that I take the decision to start it some weeks ago!
a really well explained and simplified course , and points you exactly to the target
Clear and easy to follow videos and assignments if you keep up with a pen and paper.
this course is very helpful to me.i learned how to write a code on logical question.
An amazing course with tons of insightful lecture videos and programming exercises !
Exceptionally well taught and explained for students with varying backgrounds! 10/10
This course really helped me to understand deeper about deep learning!
Thank you! :)
Very good instruction and practicing codes. Explained theory in a very clear manner.
Andrew Ng explains the difficult material in a very good and understandable fashion!
this the one of the great course which clearly explain how neural networks how works
The teaching methods and the programming assignments and the forums are exceptional!
Exceptional!, I do not have words to express, Andrew sir is too good!. Thanks you!!!
As always, Andrew is an excellent teacher and makes complex subjects understandable.
Awesome course. Not difficult to follow. Assignment grading system is user friendly.
Best course you could find on deep learning if you know some of the basics of python
Good instructions and nice examples I recommend this course for deep neural networks
great course for anyone who wants to learn the basics in deep learning from the best
Very good! Although the last exercise somehow was bugged. Andrew is a great teacher.
The course does very good job in introducing concepts rather than sinking in details
I love the maths explained and I think it might be better if more maths is included.
This is probably the best deep learning course I've taken.

Professor Ng is amazing!
Excellent Course. Really helped me understand the inner workings of neural networks!
Very Interesting Course. Explanation by Andrew is super understandable. Thank you :)
It helped to increase my knowledge and changed my perception towards Neural networks
very nice course, learned so many things and refreshed my knowledge on deep learning
I loved it.  Got to practice implementing deep neural networks algorithms in Python.
This course gave me useful things about Deep Learning. It is most useful and helpful
This course has improved my understanding and intuition of neural network very well.
good course for deep learning, and the program assignment system is very convenient.
Makes a lot of fun and Andrew Ng`s explanations of each step are easy to understand.
An exceptionally well course to start ML journey. Thank you so much Prof Andrew..:-)
Neural networks and deep learning is one of the best course that you can have online
This course was very helpful in understanding logistic regression and deep learning.
This is my first completed course on coursera. Hope this is a good start for the DL.
Excellent course. I recommend it to anyone wants to dive in the deep learning world.
Super organization of concepts. Clear Explanations and good programming assignments.
great course with nice explanation. more than tutorials assignments are interesting.
That's a great course for beginners. Andrew is one of the best person in this field.
Great instructor! The assignments are chosen thoughtfully. Awesome course in general
The best introduction to Deep Learning you'll find anywhere on the internet! Period.
Sir, Thank you very much for this course. Its very comprehensive and well organized.
Excellent videos, liked the jupyter notebook assignments.  Very professionally done.
Assignments are very greatly designed. Content can be more descriptive :) thanks you
Fantastic course! very helpful & taught in very easy to understand manner. Loved it!
Very clear, step-by-step explanations.  Interesting content.  Appropriate exercises.
A truely great course, Andrew is an amazing teacher. I learned a lot by this course.
It's amazing. It was so interesting that at a stretch I worked in order to complete.
May be some after course project or coding practices to further mastering the skill.
Very good course with an exercise of the implementation, good for beginners like me.
Highly recommend this course to whoever wants to start the journey of deep learning.
I love this course, and Andrew really did an amazing job!Thanks a lot for your work!
It has been good learning experience. The course is well structured and articulated.
very well structured course. the exercise and the implementation parts were awesome.
very intuitive class. but the coding part could be more difficult. too much hints...
This course gave me great help！I am very grateful to Andrew Ng for careful teaching.
Thank you.Very good, detailed theoretical explanation and clear practical exercises.
Very detailed and thorough. I wish all courses on coursera can be like this course!!
Great course! Just right for beginners! I am looking worward to see the next course.
Sometimes the pictures in the quiz is not displayed properly. Overall, great course!
Great intro to deep NN, assignments are very practical and useful for understanding.
Very good course. You also get to learn machine learning implementation using Python
It's a course that very easy  to learn and it showed me some useful detail about NN.
I am so excited to get the certification of this course. Thanks for Ng and Coursera.
This course is great and this reminded Andrew Ng's original ML course in Python way.
Superb course material and engaging assignments, great start to ML and Deep Learning
Awesome and must for all who have completed their first course on ML from Andrew sir
Andrew Ng is making deep learning so easy to understand and intuitive. Thanks a lot!
Superior introduction to deep learning, huge thanks to everyone who made this course
It's a high quality introduction to neural networks with modern content. Great work!
Phenomenal explanation of the intuition and technical details behind neural networks
Clear and organized explanation of what neural networks are, and how to build them.
helpful. i didn't know how it goes at the beginning, but I'm getting some idea now.
Exceptional. The math behind every function is very good as expected. Learned a lot
It was a fantastic feeling revisiting the Neural Networks and Deep Learning Course!
It is a very well-designed course, in particular, the practices.  Highly recommend!
Best Online Course on Neural Network for beginners and intermediate level students.
it's really beginner friendly and it equipped me with basic deep learning knowledge
Great course. I know very little Python, but it was not a problem with this course.
amazing course content with descriptive explanation on all concepts very precisely.
Special thanks to Andrew Ng sir.thank you so much sir,sir you clear lots of concept
Perfect course for anyone who's willing to learn about neural networks from scratch
This course gives a beautiful start on the  journey to the world of Neural Networks
Awesome Course.Thank You Coursera for granting Aid and Thank you to deeplearning.ai
It is a perfect course for learning deep neural networks, image processing and etc.
Truly amazing and so simply explained. You are an amazing instructor Mr.  Andrew Ng
Great Course, very easy-to-understand explanation on the calculus behind the scene!
It was quite awesome, my first experience in deep learning. I learnt a lot from it.
Very good for basic learners. The assignments are well documented and very helpful.
few more programming exercises for back prop can help in building better foundation
Very clear and understanding courses with a lot of insights by an experienced team.
The course gives an good overview on the concept of Deep Learning and its potential
Great course! Professor Andrew explains everything very clearly and in a good pace.
Prof Andrew Ng is really one of the best. The lectures were pretty clear & concise.
Very well designed course it really helped me understand the working of neural nets
Very well explained.It helps to understand me the basic knowledge on deep learning.
Content presentation by Andrew Ng is good. Programming exercises are well designed.
Exceptional course just the right balance of maths theory and practical application
This course was very useful in understanding Deep Neural Network and its components
Thanks for this insightful course content, quizzes, and hands-on coding experience.
Best course for beginner's to know all the required basics for Deep Learning model.
Very well suited to beginners. Demystifies Deep Learning in a very interesting way.
This course is really amazing to understand how the Deep learning algorithms works.
This course is very helpful for even me who is not specialized in computer science.
Math are a bit too easy/slowly explained but you can always skip! Great instructor!
This course is good to enter into deep learning.Very good content and learnt a lot.
Looking forward to see how to use deep learning to model linear regression problems
Amazing course for people, who are going to connect their lives with deep learning!
Excellent course. Everything is very clear, organised and logical. Congratulations!
quality of content is great and well crafted step by step learning and assignments.
very lucidly explained and I am very happy to be part of this learning experience .
Excellent Course. Increased my interest and curiosity in neural nets. Thanks a lot!
brilliant course, a great way to get grounding in the fundamentals of deep learning
Wonderful rich and thorough course as good continuation of Machine Learning course!
Really amazing how simple andrew ng makes it all. Would give more stars if I could!
this course has been a game changer for me as I have learnt a lot from this course.
Perfect course to understand completely the neural network world. Well done Andrew!
Excellent course, and very easy if you've finished Intro to Machine Learning course
Nice course material, now I better understand forward and backward propagation math
I liked the way Professor Ng explained the math and the theory behind the concepts.
The programming assignments are excellent. They help greatly understand the theory.
very helpful, gives me a very intuitive outlook of what a neural network looks like
Good guideline for Neural Network, L-layer Neural Network, and python coding skills
Can't recommend highly enough.  Perfect in all respects.  Hats off to Professor Ng.
very clearly explained and excellently designed to make the fundamentals understood
I enjoyed studying the basic NN architecture and work out exercise was helpful too.
Best deep learning course, covering all basics of Neural network and deep learning.
very nice! the same of machine learning (andrew ng). Easy to understand and follow.
Great course - with a great emphasis on coding and building different applications.
very imressive courses with excellent exercises which helped me a lot in this field
Awesomely explained by Dr.Andrew Ng.  All the concepts he taught was crystal clear.
fantastic course, Andrew made difficult concepts very clear to everyone. Thank you!
Excellent intro to DNN, with practical insights into history, trends and practices.
The best courses and an honor to have such a distinguished researcher as Andrew NG.
Extremely helpful in understanding the basics of Neural Networks and deep learning.
Very good teaching method. Repeat the same concept several times to hammer it home.
It is a very useful and interesting course about neural networks and deep learning.
Elegant code. Smart introduction from logistic regression to deep NN, step by step.
Thank you a lot! I've finally understood what's going on in the neural networks....
I really love Professor Andrew Ng way of teaching. Looking forward for next courses
Amazing course for understanding the basics of neural network and deep learning...
This was an excellent course that reinforces the practical use of neural networks.
great resource to learn the basic knowledge and use exercise to fresh up my brain.
Great course for anyone wanting to begin their journey into NNs and Deep Learning.
This course provide a lot of high-quality exercise, which is step-by-step learning
it's great resource to learn deep learning and neural network. I had a great time.
Great experience. A simple but accurate introduction to the machine learning world
Enjoyed the learning . I hope the same quality teaching for rest of specialization
The Best course to clear the mathematical concepts behind deep learning algorithms
Very Informative course which suggests an efficient way to program neural networks
Learned a ton about machine learning in a very understandable but informative way.
Prof Ng provides good insight into NN & further understanding with the assignments
A beautiful head start to dive into the state-of-the-art technology, Deep Learning
Exercises in this course so interesting and all of them has real world application
It will really a good start for the learners who want to learn about deep learning
Bit complex stuffs, but explained very well so anyone can understand. Great course
Very Useful, And students can easily use Notebook to implement their own networks!
Exceptional Course. Can't definitely say that the course is at its intuitive best!
extremely well organised, motivating and sometimes challenging but not frustrating
If you're looking for the math behind the neural networks, you can do this course.
Excellent and a very clear explanation.The programming exercises were very useful.
An amazing course, very well designed in training students. I highly recommend it.
This is my best online course  I've ever completed .Thanks Andrew Ng and COURSERA.
Very good course with step by step explanation to understand deep NN.. Suggest all
Excellent introduction or review of deep learning. I highly recommend this course.
Very good content and well organized. Thank you Andrew Ng for such a great course.
This course is very good and the concepts are explained very well from the basics.
Very Good and intuitive.  One drawback is that there was too much help in the PAs.
Provides good understanding of the concept, can't thank the course curator enough!
great, but the backprop  derivation was not explained  properly, just brushed over
Teaching method was very good and help me remember notation which I tend to forget
Very good for beginners in deep learning and a quick refresher for an experienced.
nice course understood everything that was explainedStill can be improved a little
Very good to refresh my knowledge in understanding and implementing neural network
Brings together concepts elegantly even if you are very familiar with the content.
Best course if you want to implement your Algorithms from scratch with confidence.
It's a course of great quality, thank you Andrew and the team, for pulling it up !
Very interesting and informative, challenging at times, put in the simplest terms.
Very instructive. I'd say quite slow so that it very clearly explains the concept.
Tough assignments, but I learned so much. The forums really helped with debugging!
This is one of the best courses to strat learning and coding deep neural networks.
Its a superb course, and the forums helps a lot to solve your mistakes. Thank-you.
Prof Andrew really help me to understand the basic of neural network from scratch.
It is good , I'm learning from this course so many things.Thanking you so much sir
Amazing!The best introductory course to Deep Learning！Organized and User-friendly!
Perfect course for learning from basics and hard coded concepts of neural networks
where nice to understand the basic concepts with hands on solving example problems
If you liked Andrew Ng's original Machine Learning course, you will like this too.
Excellent course! However, the jupyter notebook usually fails with a kernel error.
Very clear content and well explained by Andrew Ng.I really recommend this course.
Learned a lot of new concepts, very clearly explained, definitely recommended imo.
Everything is really cool and in depth technical, I really recommend this course .
Superlative, Dr Ng is a great instructor with a focus on ensuring implementability
This is a very good course for anyone who want to learn Deep Learning from basics!
Great course if taken after the first one on Machine Learning (always from Andrew)
Building a Fully Connected Neural Network from scratch was excellent way to learn.
This is an awesome course, just the right amount of theory and enough application!
This is a good point to start deep learning. Thanks a lot for a great instruction.
Andrew Ng is absolutely the best teacher out there when it comes to Deep Learning!
Very good course, let me learn a lot of deep learning and neural network knowledge
This is by far the most didactic treatment of neural networks I have seen to date.
This is a nice refresher of the neural network part of the Machine Leaning course.
One of the best courses I've ever seen. Very simple but the same time very useful.
Take this course if you really want to get serious about this subject. Excellent !
Very nice course for deep learning beginner and it's  cool for Pyhton programming.
Extremely useful. Very good mix of theory and practice.Thanks Prof Andrew and Team
Fantastic course. Very easy and clear explanations about a difficult area of study
This course is helping me starting with deep learning. It's easier to understand.
I am eager to learn more, this course motivated me to explore deep learning more!
Great and motivating way of explaining. You really understand what its all about.
a good course for begineers out there interested in the field of machine learning
It would be better if we could download pdf format of the course contents/slides.
Awesome. Andrew Ng has the skill to explain something complex in the easiest way.
This is the best introductory course on neural networks. Thanks Prof. Andrew Ng!!
A really nice course. I recommend it for getting a good start into deep learning!
Excellent Course. Provides lucid explanation of Neural networks. Enjoyable ......
it give me lot of knowledge on how neural networks going and the math behind that
Amazing course! Andrew does a great job in teaching neural networks from scratch!
Great and very useful course. Thanks a lot from coursera.org and  dear andrew ng!
Andrew is the best teacher I have ever heard. His courses have benefited me a lot
The best online instructor I have ever seen. This guy is a real gem of a teacher.
THE COURSE BY ANDREW NG IS GREAT. HE EXPLAINS EVERY TOPIC PATIENTLY AND SMOOTHLY.
Sir,thank you for this course.The course has been very effective for me.Thank you
This is one of the best course i ever did by online. thank you very much coursera
Very helpful in getting an insight in neural network and solve real life examples
Amazing course, very well thought and especially those assignments are very handy
Nice I now understand the coding aspect of and when to use shallow NN and Deep NN
Great intro course to get some key idea and basic concept of deep neural network.
Great Explaination, No need prior knowledge of tedious maths, he awesome trainer.
Challenging course. I had to refresh my calculus and linear algebra.Great course.
Exceptional course to get introduced to practical applications of neural networks
Extremely Simplified and easy to understand theory presented in a concise manner.
Great course and well-structured assignments. Really good to start deep learning.
The way Andrew Ng teaches, it makes learning so simple. I truly enjoy the course.
This great start for deep learning/Now we will do cover the whole specialization.
Awesome course. Great project and clear explanation. Assignments are very useful.
Andrew Ng made this a joyous ride. Cant wait to get started with the next course.
Well taught course. Gives practical insights of deep learning and neural network.
Awesome course any one can learn even if they are student/fresher with low salary
Really good lectures coupled with great jyputer's, trasfer knowledge excellently.
Thank you for explaining the detail of the working principles of neural networks.
very straightforward and easy understanding course about python nn implementation
It is a really great course for learning practical point of view of Deep learning
Everything was so well explained and organized. Thank You for this specialization
Perfect theoretical explanation of the concepts and impeccable practical lessons.
it was a great course I loved it om much and I learnt so much, thank you coursera
It shows great initiative and inspired to start journey to the new career's world
Very good and encouraging instructor. Course covers up all the necessary contents
Andrew Ng is the best teacher for deep learning. His methodologies are excellent.
Very interesting DL class! I've learned a lot from the worked algorithm examples.
mooc's with quality as this one are the next natural step in improving education.
This course is best one for those who want to become researcher on deep learning!
The concepts were very helpful in shaping my way of thinking about Deep learning.
Learned so much, and will be using this course as a corner stone for my learning.
Andrew Ng is a great professor! The only way to misunderstand him is to be tired.
Amazing ! It was clear with relevant exercices to enhance the level of the course
Excellent Course. Everything is taught from scratch in an easy to understand way.
Really useful to have a good intuition about how Artificial Neural Networks work.
A superb course from a superb teacher. It is better than many university courses.
A very detailed look into how to construct neural networks from scratch in python
Great to introduce all of the core concepts for Neural Networks and Deep Learning
Gave me a string mathematical understanding on conventional deep neural networks.
Excellent course!  Love the programming exercises and its guidance using iPython.
The evolution of Prof Ng's teaching on this subject over the years is impressive.
It was very informative! I am totally looking forward to the next set of courses.
Good introduction in Deep Learning with helpful practice and mining how it works.
A satisfying introduction to neural networks with hands-on assignments in Python.
Nice course, although the connection with the Jupiter Kernel brings some trouble.
Homework is really helpfully.I can feel powerful on deep-learning. Thanks teacher
The course is very helpful and is a stepping stone to the world of deep learning.
Very didactic course, with well planed exercises that help to memory the subject.
Gave good understanding of back propagation algorithm and overall neural networks
Excellent introduction!  Dr. Ng does a very nice job of describing the technique.
This course is a very good introduction that keeps things simple and informative.
Great specialization. Taught with care and understanding. Definitely recommended!
Awesome course, helped me learn many complex things in easy and efficient manner.
Great introductory course and a good refresher to someone with a brief knowledge.
Great overall content and delivery, great guidance for the programming exercises.
Good course with a clarity in maths concepts.. thanks for the wonderful course...
A really great course that anyone looking to get into Deep Learning need to have.
Excellent. I enjoyed the Python notebook labs, the lectures, and the interviews.
very good course, help me have better understanding of basics of neural network!
So deep. From the genesis and all the underlying techniques of a Neural Network!
Awesome course. It really helped me to clear some really fundamental idea of NN.
Crisp and in-depth explanations of complex topics makes this an amazing journey.
this course gave me a deep view of the basic of deep learning and implementation
Amazing cource with a very helpful, and well described assignments and questions
Great Course for the people who want to begin their journey towards Datascience.
I'm so glad that I took this course. I will continue to next courses for sure :)
It helped me review some of the basic knowledge of neural networks, really good!
A very useful course to understand how a neural network works behind the scenes.
This is an excellent course for those who really want to get in Machine Learning
This course has every single basic point one needs to understand deep learning!!
It was exciting to see what happened in the background. The course is excellent.
Its very good course.very useful.learnt a lot from this. fully satisfied by this
Thanks Andrew NG for this great explanation for Neural Network and how it works.
ITS  A WONDERFUL LEARNING EXPERIENCE  IN A SYSTEMATIC AND VERY FRIENDLY PLATFORM
Great foundation course which helps in demystifying the magic of neural networks
It's really amazing . This course help me to nourish my concepts. Thanks a lot .
thank you so much , it s really amazing to have a good like you to help humanity
This is a very good course to get started with Neural Networks and Deep Learning
Really loved this course. The assignments were quite useful. Highly recommended.
This is a great course to gain an understanding of how deep neural network work.
Awesome course with tons of information and very easy to understand instruction!
nice course, very clearly explained and very intuitive, even good for a beginner
I think this is one f essential lecture for neural networks and deep learning...
Excellent course! teaches us to design our own neural network right from scratch
Wonderful course taught in a methodical manner which makes it easy to understand
very good course and it gives me such a much learning skills about deep learning
Amazing explanation of what could have been a very complex math in simpler terms
Very impressive and pratical!  Thank you for your hard work! Especially prof.nf!
Excellent lectures, sophisticated and fair quizzes and assignment. Learnt a lot!
I especially enjoyed the programming home works. Very well explained and guided.
One of the best course to start Deep Learning and understand its basic concepts.
Amazing content and awesome explanation. Programming exercises are very helpful!
the best course for every one who want to deeply learn  "WHAT IS NEURAL NETWORK"
This is a great starter course on Deep Learning. Best one for hands-on training.
Thanks! I love the way how you teach how to build deep neural networks in python
Detailed and self explanatory course. A good combination of theory and hands on.
Could not expect and get any better. Thank you so much for outstanding teaching.
An exceptional course for those who want to get their feet wet in Deep Learning.
Awesome experience with the course and Andrew is just inexplicably good teacher.
A lot of repetition from Dr. Ng's Machine Learning class, but overall very good.
Simply explained even if you're not familiar with background or even calculus...
Excellent assignments. Organised Lectures helped me understand the fundamentals.
i was searching for a course like this for a long time and this is just perfect!
Fantastic follow on from Prof Ng's Intro to Machine Learning course on Coursera!
Amazing course series with in depth explaination. Really helped me learn easily.
Awesome lectures and the programming assignments are intriguing to say the least
I really enjoyed taking this course. Thanks Andrew Ng for another amazing course
This is great course about Deep Learning. I recommend this course to Physicists.
It is a very good course which bring me into the world of deep learning quickly.
I thought the assignments were well structured, and the lectures were excellent.
Really Enchanting Very Good Introduction about Deep Learning and Neural Networks
Everything is perfect except that the homework is probably too easy to complete.
This course explains the underlying principles in a very easy to understand way.
great course. you will learn a lot of Deep Learning functions programming tricks
This is a good intro to deep learning.  Basically the AP prep cram review of it.
The course was very simple in explanation and at the same time very informative.
This is the first course which provides mathematical insight to Neural Networks.
The courses are fantastic.  Don't skip the "Heroes of Deep Learning" interviews.
Great course, good for understanding the underlying structures of deep learning.
can't wait for the 5th course to come out so i can complete this awesome series!
Interesting, very well executed course with engaging and authoritative lecturer.
This a great course . I truly understand the back propagation algorithm. Thanks!
Awesome course! Great instructor, great materials and great practical exercises!
great course, will certainly recommend to my friends, Thank you Professor Andrew
Well designed lecture. The learning curve is pretty comfortable. Ng is the best!
Very nicely designed course. The concepts are clearly explained. Thanks you sir.
Andrew Ng course is Heavy on Math compared to Siraj Ravals Udacity Deep Learning
Good introduction to NNs, giving a fairly deep understanding of backpropagation.
I like this course because it makes complicated concepts simple. Thanks Prof. Ng
Clear and detailed formation of DNN, suitable for all computer science learner!
greate  course and  it is my pleasure i learned from a great teacher Andrew sir
Good pace and I enjoyed actually applying Deep Learning to solve a real problem
The whole concept is explained in a very simple way. Nice course for beginners.
great course with great content very good thank for your great learning content
Assignments are so simple . need some more challenging to make it interesting .
This course is easy to understand and really well designed in every step in it.
Great lecture. and practise my implementation through high-quality assignments.
It was a very good and helpful course to initiate in the field of deep learning
Tutorial that is eqully good for those not having strong mathematics background
I cant recommend this course enough. For a beginner , this course is a must do.
The representation of course material is very nice. Enjoyed throughout the time
Nice Course. For Beginners need good knowledge in mathematics and python syntax
Prof. Ng is a great lecturer and explainer, and the exercises are quite useful.
Gave a solid background on the topic and lots of practical examples to work on.
Fantastic course! Thank you Andrew for the clear and comprehensive lectures! :)
Best course to learn concepts related neural networks and deep learning basics.
Great Course taught by Andrew Ng. Thank you sir for giving very helpful course.
This course is a must for anyone who wants to learn the basics of deeplearning.
A very informative course for beginners to learn the basics of neural networks.
I love it, not an easy one but the instructions of MR. Andrew make a difference
Very helpful in making me understand the basics and math behind neural  network
Great beginner course for starting anyone's proceedings in deep learning world.
strongly recommended course. you will get both theoretical and practical skills
Thanks to Coursera and Deep Learning.ai for providing such a quality education.
It is an amazing course. Thank you very much for the opportunity to study here.
it is a great course to understand the neural network implementation in detail.
Very helpful in understanding the theory and algorithms behind neural networks.
This is an excellent course, Andrew has a great comprehension of deep learning.
Great course content and very nicely complemented with programming assignments.
Easy to follow and very clear content with detailed explanation of the concept.
brilliant explanations, nice assignments (could be little harder but it's fair)
This course is one of the best available online and Andrew NG is a true master.
Great course to efficiently re-enter the current state of AI model development.
Easy to learn without compromising the mathematical depth of the deep learning.
The overall design and delivery of the course is wonderful. Thanks you so much.
Thank you for this wonderful in-depth lectures. I have learned a lot form this.
the best course ever i get a clear idea about deep learning and neural networks
Amazing course. It built the intuition on how deep neural network really works.
That's a wonderful course and very helpful my lessons, thank you for everything
It was a great course combined with hands-on coding. Thank you Andrew and team.
awesome course for anybody who wants to go deep into the field of deep learning
i would like to thank all my mentors for providing such a valuable course to me
Very focused on  direct applications. Great explanations from professor Andrew!
Strongly recommendHowever, the assignment in the week 2 is a bit more difficult
Awesome explanation and it is really great to watch the interviews with Legends
Really enjoyed the course even though I knew plenty of it already. Thumbs up :)
Very good course to recap Prof. Ng's Machine Learning course with Python skill.
Best Course providing all the aspects and detail of neural network as required.
Very good content and easy to understand, understanding neural networks easily.
A great material for DL. I really like the way Andrew describe the concept!!!!!
Very academic. I appreciate the ground-up approach to explaining Deep Learning.
Course covers very basics of neural network and a must to attend for beginners.
Excellent course! Great teaching of the mechanics and the intuition behind NNs.
Great Course! Acts like a teaser to continue further with the specialization...
Very hand-on, definitely recommend! Would be better if can build more intuition
Great course. Lectures are clear and concise. Assignments are straight forward.
This course gives light to many confusing parts of the neural net architecture.
awesome foundation for understanding the structure and math of neural networks.
Andrew NG is amazing in explaining this complex topic in *almost* layman terms.
Very practical and useful. Easy to learn and understand but very comprehensive.
Very clear and concise course, well guided and with very good programming tasks
Teaches concepts very well from a very low level upon which you can expand upon
Brilliant!!Thanks Andrew Ng, you are a great scientist, engineer and professor!
Great course that covers the basics and fundamental concepts of Neural Networks
A really good course that provides the base for developing Deep Learning skilsl
Useful content, easy to understand, practice and assignments are well designed.
Excellent introduction to deep learning from  a computer scientist perspective.
Really nice course. New bird-friendly and necessarily detailed at the same time
Awesome content, especially the programming exercises are of incredible quality
Reeeeeeeeeeeeally cool!!!, thanks so much to the teachers team, you rock gays!!
Loved it. It step by step approach increases comprehension better hands on too.
Great introductory course. Learn to build deep learning network on numpy alone.
Great course! Very useful to code stuff on numpy before jumping into tensorflow
Very comprehensive course to get started with Neural Networks and Deep Leaning
It is very interesting course. Thank you very much instructors. Thank Coursera
Perfect Course, no further explanation is necessary.Thank You Dear Coursera :)
This course really helped in understanding neural networks,best teaching ever!
Interesting class! A wonderful presentation of the neural network's principal.
It's a perfect course to start with. Very well explained and good assignments.
A very methodical and competent teacher interesting and understandable content
Very nice course, that explians the mathematical background of neural networks
A phenomenon course from Andrew Ng!! learned a lot about deep learning basics.
It was really awesome course for beginners, everything has been taught clearly
Amazing course. I really learnt alot. Thank you for this wonderful oppurtunity
This is a very effective course that helped me a lot . Thanks Mr Andrew NG ...
Great Course it get you through basic of neural network and its implementation
This course really easy explained for beginners and it is a intermediate level
Great Course. Very informative. Got chance to work back on my calculus skills.
Recommended for those who are interested in designing their own neural network
Worth it for the backpropagation tutorial alone. Really well explained course!
This is the most well organised course I have done. Andrew is a great teacher.
Great course and an excellent next step to the Machine Learning Course I took.
Outstanding course. Choice of material and quality of instructor were perfect!
The way Andrew Ng taught to build a nueral network model predictor its amazing
i enjoyed a lot and andrew sir is awesome,the way he teach is very interactive
It was really helpful and the content was well taught and easy to understand!!
One of the best deep learning courses. Clear explanations of all the concepts.
this will be a biggest step of my future career. thank you mr ng and coursera.
Really good course. The information given are clear and easily understandable.
Deep learning simplified. A wonderful start to learning with good explanation.
The best course to learn deep learning. Every subject matter is simply taught.
I really enjoyed the course! Andrew does a great job! He is a great professor.
It was an amazing experience. Will take more time to complete than expectation
it is a great course i have seen many course but none of the teach programming
Great course, and it is suitable for people who did not study calculate before
Congratulations, This was a great course and Andrew is a wonderful instructor.
Really a good course to get a basic grip on Neural Networks and Deep Learning.
A nice introductory course with good hands-on that can give anyone confidence.
Excellent! The course explains the neural network very clearly！Thanks teacher！
great course and great beginning in deep learning. Looking for the next course
Well structured course, covers the basics of deep learning and NN pretty well.
Thank you Andrew. your explanation made things so simple for me to understand.
Great continuation course to the original machine learning course by Prof. Ng.
Awesome course I learned a lot of stuff & now i can implement it from scratch.
This is a good course on deep learning. I have learned a lot from this course.
Great course, and I have learned a lot but still lots to go for deep learning.
I really liked how you got to build it up yourself, without using black boxes.
I got a basic knowledge of neural networks and learnt a bit how to build them.
If you want to learn ML with python, this course is the perfect start for you.
This course is very successful for learning neural networks and deep learning.
explained beautifully by going into deep and nice clarification on each topic.
The course structure is spectacular and well thought through. Congratulations!
Simple and effective learning. One of the among the courses I've taken online.
i really enjoyed with this course. Thanx to instructor for brief explanations.
Best deep learning course in the world! Very happy with programming exercizes.
Mind blowing course. Basic need if you wanna enter the world of deep learning.
Amazing course with detailed insights into the math behind this. Thanks a ton.
Videos were not edited well as compared to the famous Machine learning course.
Great introduction to deep neural networks and the underlying specifics of it.
This is a course for beginners. Well designed and great programming exercises!
Amazing course, got me excited about Deep Learning at a very comfortable pace.
step by step tutorial, good for people without any experience in deep learning
Very well organized and with a good practical component. Worth the investment.
Very good course to interpret the forward propagation and backward propagation
Content is easy to understand and programming assignments are well structured.
Great course that introduces you to all basic ideas about deep neural network.
Very nice course schedule, not rush for me, and detail assignment for practice
Compared with ML course, this is very pratical course. Love the illustrations!
Really helpful for building strong base for Neural Networks and Deep Learning.
Exceptional foundation course introducing the building blocks of Deep Learning
Really great course. Very enjoyed it. Thank you so much professor Ng and team.
Andrew Ng's class and representation is intuitive and impressed, thanks a lot.
Very grateful to have this outstanding training so accessible, thanks Andrew!!
Very clear and engaging way of teaching. I had a lot of fun doing this course.
Great course, easy to understand and follow, clear and systematic explanation!
very clear to understand even for a student like me without any CS background.
One of the best courses I have got. Thank Prof Andrew for your great lectures.
Good one. Structured lectures. Gives a good basic overview of the fundamentals
A very good introduction to neural networks!! Strongly recommend this course!!
Great course! Recomended to every one who want to start with machine learning!
Great course, although there were some mistakes on the Python notebooks but it
Great foundation to deep dive into the intricacies of artificial intelligence.
Very clear introduction into neural network mathematics (eg. gradient descent)
Learning Deep Neural Networks from scratch.. Excellent pacing of the tutorials
Great Course cannot find such a valuable course on internet Thanks Coursera!!
Clear, step-by-step explanations, progressively complex exercises... PERFECT!
Very nice course with clear narrative and easy-to-start-with coding exercise!
The detailed mathematical calculations are the key to this course. Very Good.
helped me to get an detailed knowledge about the working of an neural network
Great Course thank you, Sir Andrew Ng, , loved it really enhanced my skillset
amazing course.. best explanation for deep learning and neural network basics
The course gives a better intuition for the basic concepts for deep learning.
Seems like it is too easy, but I think it is because this course for beginner
An instant mentor or a chat bot to clear our doubts readily would be helpful.
Impressive. The lectures are clear and interesting. I'll do the next courses.
An excellent course about the fundaments of Neural Networks and Deep Learning
It's really cool. I totally recommend who wanna be an expert of Deep learning
Brilliant course explained in most simplistic way by Andrew Sir and his team.
excellent course to start deep learning. I am very happy to have finished it.
This is a what a perfect course on Coursera looks like. Absolutely Wonderful!
This course is the best in deep learning, Thanks to the instructor Andrew NG.
this course helped me gain the knowlege i needed to know about deep learning.
This was a very well structured and with awesome lecture and suitable support
This is how Neural Network and Deep Learning should be introduced to students
Great Course! Makes learning Neural Networks much less tedious! Thanks a lot.
The coding assignments should be made a little easier, although its fine now.
Amazing Course to learn the fundamentals of Deep Learning and Neural Networks
very well done course with the right level of theory and practical excercises
Best course and Complex concepts simplified. Grateful to deeplearning ai team
It helped me a lot in gaining information about what deep learning really is!
The granularity of the information and how it is broken down is very helpful.
A must to try course for everyone who wants to develop a career in this field
Very helpful specially with respect to understanding the code for doing this.
A course with high content and explaining all mathematics behind algorithms..
Good course and well structured assignments. Notebooks were very interesting.
Very nice course on Neural Networks. Prof. Andrew Ng teaches like a magician.
A great short introductory course to deep learning implementations in python.
Great course to start with. Great blend of intuition and mathematics involved
It is really great course for beginners like myself definitely recommended it
The course is very well explained and reinforced with well thought practices.
I learnt the Neural Nets from basics. Thank you Cousera. Thank you Andrew Ng.
Covers an impressive amount of ground in 4 short weeks, but still easy to do.
Very informative and clears the basic concepts of neural network really well.
Very valuable course, clear, to the point, and to keep as a future reference.
This course is easy to understand. It's an essential one for Neural Networks.
It is a great course with the perfect balance between practical and theory :)
Maybe the only course that goes deep in equations governing machine learning.
Programming assignments put everything taught in the videos into perspective!
Excellent courses, and a great teacher! Best regards and thank you very much!
Very deep, very structural, very helpfull... I would say, perfect to learn...
This course definately boost your confidence in building models from scratch.
Amazing course, makes complex things about NN very simple.Thanks to the team.
a great course to start off the basics and implementations of Neural Networks
This is the best place to start deep learning. thoroughly enjoyed the course.
this course gives me a very detailed walkthrough of neural network, i like it
A must-do for anyone aspiring for a career in AI and its related disciplines.
I love getting the foundational math before typing away at tensorflow or kera
I really liked this course. Got to brush up on the basics of neural networks.
Excellent! I really enjoyed taking this course and look forward for the next.
Amazing content presented in a way that makes it easy to learn. Great course!
Lovely Course and great introduction to Neural Network ,Andrew Ng is Amazing.
Great Introductory course to get you started on the Machine Learning journey!
This is a great course. Looking forward to next course in this specialization
Very well structured class with meaningful quizzes and programming exercises.
Great course and I followed it after easily after doing the MOOC on coursera.
Very basic instructions to deep learning but fruitful. Thanks, Doctor Andrew.
Concise and better version for neural network part of machine learning course
Absolute great course which will really help you understanding Deep Learning.
I loved the incredibly clean implementation, and that I did most of the work.
Very good course, very deep in depth and teaches a lot of the basics as well.
It's a great introduction with a really hands on approach. Plus using python!
Awesome course!A very good introduction to neural networks and deep learning.
I liked what other courses don't teach. The scratch implementations. Awesome.
The course is very good if you want to start learning about DNN from scratch.
A gorgeous course that is made so that you have to try not to understand it )
A big thanks to Andew Ng and Coursera for bringing this course.Thanks a lot!!
Practical materials. Homework is generally easy, but covers important points.
This is one of the most well organized courses I've taken to date! Thank you!
Very good introduce to concept , algorithm and programming in python . Thanks
Excellent! A good first step to concretely practice with neural networks ML !
I think this course is very useful！You should learn it if you interest in AI。
teacher has talent for teaching.thanks for interviews and intuition and tips.
A very well structured,explanatory course  by  Andrew NgLooking forward to it
The course provided a good knowledge of the building blocks of Deep Learning.
Very engaging course. I intend to complete the entire specialization. Thanks!
Great introductory course, also very good to revisit previously seen concepts
Found the assignments as a good resource for coding ideas and best practices.
Good refresh of neural networks generally and introduction into deep learning
Andrew Ng is a great teacher. Thanks a lot team deeplearning.ai and Coursera.
Awesome work by andrew ng.Thanks a lot for providing such great resources..:)
Andrew explains everything sooooo well! Never thought NN would be that easy!
Love the course. Shows full logic and basic mathematics. Recommend everyone.
What an excellent way of teaching!! One of the best course I have ever done.
It is a great approach to AI, and there is not a better teacher than Andrew.
This course is very helpful for understanding the concepts with programming.
The concepts of the course were explained to the simplest level I understood
The best instructor and the best course on deep learning and neural network.
Andrew is amazing at teaching us the basic concepts in ML and Deep Learning.
Perfect explanation, especially to define each parameter/variable dimensions
This is course is the excellent choice for a beginner in deep learning tech.
It helps in understanding the working of neural network in more dynamic way.
the best introduction to neural networks in simple terms as much as possible
Great course for a better visualization of neural nets and hands-on practice
Incredibly good and strenghtening python knowledge and mathematical concepts
good thing to learn as i got know maths going on  behind  the beautiful code
The best online course in the internet. You will not be sorry for enrolling.
thankyou Andrew Ng sir for teaching and making the topic easy to understand.
excellent for beginners  enthusiast in Machine learning and neural networks.
Thank you sir, I will redo programming once again. They made me learn better
Thank you, Andrew, for giving this course. The course is easy to understand!
Deeply Mathematically inclined course. Very well presented by Andrew N G sir
Thanks for this amazing first course. I look forward to completing the rest.
Really a good course . Helped to undestand Neural Networks and Deep Learning
This course is very helpful to know the underlying details of Deep Learning.
Great overview course and very easy to follow with good programming examples
The course is totally awesome ,Thanks andrew ng sir to support .Thanks a lot
This course is the best course to get started in the world of deep learning.
Really informative and deep maths explained very easily behind every concept
This was a great course to learn and implement Deep Learning amazingly well!
Very methodical and detailed way of demonstrating how deep neural nets work.
Really intresting course, i started with no a lot of background and i learnt
I think this course is good for amateurs to understand what is Deep learning
I really like how it explains deeply everything to the detail, great course.
Must Do this course to get full insight of Deep learning and Neural network.
it is an awesome and intuitive introduction to the concepts of deep learning
It is very useful for someone who has no previous knowledge.I learned a lot!
This course is really great ... it helped me so much to upgrade my skills...
Amazing Course Designed by Mr. Andrew NJ. Thanks alot Sir for this Effort...
This course makes me feel like neural networks are simple and easy. Amazing!
Amazing class with clear instruction and takeaways you can apply right away!
It will definitely improve your theoretical understanding of Neural networks
Very Informative Course . I learn a lot during this Course. Thanks a million
Great introduction. with a clear notation used all along the specialization.
A course with Dr  Andrew Ng is itself a privilege. Thank you for this course
It's very good for people who want to know how deeplearning framework works!
This is the best course I have seen ever on neural network and deep learning
Great course to start on Neural Network. The assignments are really helpful.
Great course! hope there was more emphasis of backward propagation intuition
Learnt a lot, and the assignments were very useful for developing intuition.
This course helps us to understand and apply neural networks in the best way
Great in-depth explanation on how to implement neural networks from scratch.
A very well designed course with focus on practical application and projects
Excellent!I am really interested in the introduction of Logistic Regression.
What an excelent course, lots of practice!! Congratulations Andrew and team.
this course explains profound DL theories in simple language, really helpful
Andrew Ng is one of the best teachers I have ever had, in person or virtual.
Great course to learn neural networks with clear explanations and examples!!
This course makes the concepts of neural networks crystal clear. A must take
I will call the team that have designed this course "the genius of teaching"
Nowhere before this much clarity was available to understand neural networks
This course is perfect for those who want to know the Neural Networks world.
great course for understanding whats happening behind the deep part!!Thanks!
Awesome Course !! Amazingly Structured and gives the inside of Deep Learning
I personally found this course very useful. course materials were excellent.
As usual, Andrew Ng teaching is great and easy to understand any hard topoc.
Very clear step by step training coupled with good and relevant assignments,
Extremely useful courses for green hand from all fields! Strongly recommend!
Impressed with content and delivery of the course.Thanks Master Andrew Ng :)
Very good course with in depth details for modelling deep learning networks.
Well laid out. Easy to follow. Lots of great Hands on programming in Python.
The programming assignments will get your hands dirty really quick. Awesome!
the best course I ever took! thanks to the Instructor for making it so easy.
Great follow up to the Stanford Machine Learning course. M. Ng did it again!
Nice introduction to deep learning. The lecture is clear and easy to follow.
Great introduction to Neural networks using the Python programming language.
Excited to be able to participate in Andrew's first course in deep learning.
Great course, great professor. It's like GOT, you can't stop watching him :)
I get many knowledge and experiences about neural network and deep learning
Really good material.. FINALLY understood the math behind Neural Networks !
Instructor explains the processing of construct a Neural Network very well!
Nice and intuitive lectures. Feeling motivated to pursue this field further
Well documented lecture notes, short and easy to understand lecture videos.
Best course so far on AI, ML, DL. Andrew just made things plane and simple.
Nice and succinct. Looks of examples that are reinforced in the assignments
no doubt about this course.  very well designed , presented  and delivered.
Best course I have seen on deep learning with good programming assignments.
Really great course, thanks to the instructor, deeplearning.ai and Coursera
Well taught and more importantly the programming assignments are brilliant.
Excellent course material. Indeed needs dedication to complete in first go.
Great course for understanding how neural networks and deep learning works.
Excellent sir and If possible added some more features shall be appreciated
Well designed course for understanding the deep learning right from scratch
Perfect introduction for Deep Learning. I am looking forward to go further.
Great follow-up to Machine Learning, Andrew Ng clear and reliable as always
The best course. Thank you Andrew Ng. Very nicely structured and explained.
One of the best courses for Neural NetworksFrom one of the best instructors
Excellent content understood the concept well. And Very interactive lessons
Amazing teaching of complex materials ! Really enjoyed taking this course !
Juypter notebook assigments are brialliant idea, but grading made me crazy.
I think this is the greatest course in deep learning that I have ever seen.
Definitely a great course to build an intuition related to neural networks!
A great course which teaches you how to build neural network from ground up
Good to follow instructions. Appropriate Exercises which were fun to solve.
Step by step instructions. Well designed materials. Interesting interviews!
EXCELLENT COURSE.   Andrew explains difficult concepts in a very clear way.
Thank you for providing best teaching materials. It has improved my skills.
This course should be taken by everyone who wants to learn neural networks.
Great basic walk-through of first principles for a basis in neural networks
Really application based and nicely placed assignment with the explanations
Would have loved to see the derivations. But Prof Andrew is pretty amazing!
Perfect good with lectures and labs. I am familiar with neural network now.
Excelent course, let you know in an intuitive way what neural network is...
Excellent Course for the Starters who  want to make career in Deep Learning
Amazing Course But Terrible NoteBook Errors...Please Fix Errors In Nootbook
Great introduction to Deep Learning catering to various backgrounds levels.
I enjoyed a lot. Thanks for fantastic lectures and programming assignments.
Its a really interesting course with a very precise explanation of concepts
This is the best intermediate deeplearning specialization available online.
Great course to learn the foundations of deep learning and neural networks.
Easy and practical, thanks for advice and interviews with top DL engineers.
The concepts and basics got clearer and is best for getting started with NN
Very inspirational and deep in contents. Highly appreciated and recommended
Awesome course, and instructor is also very good. Loved his teaching style.
Nice course which is easier for me to understand than many other AI courses
This course has a fantastic blend of learning theory and hands-on training!
now i am confident that i will become a machine learning specific engineer.
Very good course and the assignments are designed in an interesting manner.
This is the first step one must take if they want to explore Deep Learning.
Very good introduction to Neural Networks step by step. Highly recommended.
Great starting point for a Beginner. Excellent course.  Andrew ng  == GOD .
Builds great skills in intuition, math, and programming of neural networks.
Really good material for basic introductory understanding of deep learning.
Course is good. Andrew Ng clearly explain everything about neural networks.
awesome course..andrew should also change machine learning course in python
I really enjoyed the course and I really feel that I learned a lot from it.
Very clear explanations from Andrew Ng, learnt a lot and enjoyed exercises.
Very helpful in learning deep concepts. I would recommend this to everyone.
Great course. You guys really want to help us make the robots take over :).
I like the questions popped during the video which remind me the key point.
This course is a fantastic tutorial for anyone who is new to deep learning.
Nice explanation along with sound implementation of each and every concept.
Thanks for the course,I think most of work are ok,but can be a little hard.
Great course! Easy to understand. Will be better if more math are involved!
Great course. Make me more confident about doing the machine learning work.
interesting and practical course. and really thanks for you financial aide.
Awesome!  Ng is a great lecturer who makes the material easy to understand.
This is a great course that can explain the deep-learning concepts clearly.
Gold standard. Ideal for beginners with no background in ML. Thanks Andrew!
I have never seen so fantansitic machine learning class before. GOOD job!!!
Excellent introduction to the subject of Neural Networks and Deep Learning!
Andrew NG is awesome in teaching the ideas, concept and its implementation.
Thanks to making additional class in coursera.Thanks a log again and again.
Great course, easy to follow and give good understanding of neural networks
Concise! Easy to know, More Useful than octave version. Good focusing on NN
Intuitions gained are very valuable in solving the programming assignments.
Loved it ! Concepts were explained in an elegant manner and reinforced !  .
Very good! Thanks for Andrew NG! You help me learn AI a lot in this course!
Great Course with perfect materials and valuable assignements. Thanks a lot
the best part about this course is that you start to enjoy neural networks.
Clear explanation with good set of exercises to improve your understanding.
great course for deep learning intro, super useful with python assignments.
Excellent course, makes complex ideas very easy to understand and practice.
Very good and clear class, thanks for these cool programming assignments :)
Great lectures and interviews. Assignments are straightforward and logical.
Excellent! A good recap of basic concepts with handy programming exercises.
It was really a pleasure doing the course. Basics are throughly explained.
Cleared all my doubts for this topic. Thanks a lot for making this course.
It is a very comprehensive and rich course. Definitely worth the the time.
there must be videos explaining the Assignment and data used in assignment
Great! But I have always feel not completely comprehend the course content
Wonderfull course to start studying in-depth knowledge in Neural Networks.
A Best course for beginners.I have really enjoyed a lot during the course.
Very informative and quite necessary as a first step towards deep learning
The course was great and the way he explains every concept is exceptional!
A great course which teaches you everything you need to know from scratch.
Provides intitution about deep learning in a great way. Most recommended!!
It was very informative course and Andrew made it very easy to understand!
Good course with very accurate description and challenging quiz/Assignmets
step by step lectures are amazing and simplicity of assignment is just wow
Great course. helped me in getting strong with the basics of deep learning
This is an outstanding course for deep learners to improve his/her skills.
Great presentation of the theory and excellent hands-on exercise material.
Awesome course ! I have learnt so much from this course in last four weeks
great starting course, wont ever be the last from your great organization.
A must-do course to learn the basic of deep learning. Highly recommended!!
I found it so informative, I would love to continue the remaining courses.
Hugely beneficial if one is just stepping into the field of Deep Learning.
Very well designed course with good exercises which supports the learning.
Great course! well defined!Forum are very resourceful!mentoring is prompt!
Around the world, this course is the guide to AI. Thanks for your efforts.
Best course after Stanford's Machine learning course.Thank Prof.Andrew Ng!
Very good Course. A bit Math heavy but cant complain as they are essential
This is my first deep learning course, easy to understand, easy to follow.
It really helped me a lot to understand deep learning from the basic level
Video lectures were very well explained and easy to understand and follow.
Very useful course with clear explanations. I enjoyed doing the exercises!
Well structured and easy to follow. Assignments help reinforce the theory.
Ecellent presentation. The way the maths fundamentals explained is awesome
Best course material, superb explanation of concepts and good assignments.
This course provides clear understanding of learning using neural networks
This is a great course to start for someone who is new to Neural Networks.
this is an interesting course giving me a lot of knowledge about DL and NL
Started from very basic. A very good idea of neural networks by Andrew NG.
Very good , I have learned a lot in regard of neural networks and few Math
Excellent to begin deep learning. Very methodical with lucid explanations.
I am delighted and privileged to be the student of this course, Thank you!
Amazing teaching and experience but still can focus more on deep learning.
A truly brilliant introduction to deep learning. Accessible and enjoyable!
The best teacher I have ever been taught by. I wish I studied in Stanford.
This course is amazing for anyone looking for the basics of deep learning.
Thank you for making neural networks and deep learning easy to understand.
This course helped me a lot in understanding deep learning neural network!
This is very useful to understand the details of the steps involved in NN.
Outstanding course.Learnt so much about Deep Learning and Neural Networks!
Great courseBest part is the dataset they used to test your implementation
Very well paced, perfect for a beginner, yet teaches so much so elegantly.
Yeah, this is a very useful course. Thank you guys for making this course.
lovely thanks coursera for the financial aid thanks andrew for the content
Andrew NG is the best in explaining the basic concept in the simplest way.
Great course! Well structured lessons and meaninfull programming practices
Great course ， it help me know the basic neural networks and deep learning
Very well-structured. Easy to follow. Interviewing sections are inspiring.
Will be better if lecture notes and slides available for all video ectures
If you are starting in deep learning, there is no better course available.
I liked the couse it was well made a good introduction to Neural Networks.
Great follow-on to the older Machine Learning Coursera Course by Prof. Ng.
A very good course, introduce me to the basic concepts of neural networks.
Its the good starting point for getting to know deep learning intuitively.
Gave Five star before starting the course. :) Andrew NG. Name says it all.
Neural Networks Made EasyCouldn't have found a better explanation anywhere
Andrew makes it so easy to understand and follow the steps. Great course!!
Very Good specialisation for those who want to be good in deep learning.ai
I got a chance to refresh linear algebra and calculus with this course. :)
Great introduction to the theory and how to practically implement in code.
Great introduction to Neural Networks with hands on programming experience
Andrew is the best.  the assignment is excellent, it clears many concepts.
Very complete course that gives a great insight of how Deep Learning works
Great course for linking theory with programming assignments and examples!
It is very great! I have learnt a lot in this course, thanks for coursera.
The best course for deep learning learner with little background knowledge
Great content.  Excellent explanations.  Andrew Ng is a gifted instructor!
Exceptional course, lucid content and an amazing teacher; need I say more?
Refresh my understanding of building up neural networks. Very interesting.
very nice course. built in a very intuitive way. assignments were helpful.
Great coverage, and fantastic introduction and reinforcement of core ideas
Excellent course, highly recommended. Hard topics are explained very clear
If you want to understand how deep learning works ,this course if for you.
Excellent course not only for beginners, but for experts to review basics.
Deep learning can't be explained simpler than this. Great job by the team!
Excellent course to get started on Neural networks. Thanks  Dr. Andrew Ng.
Very profound and helpful for beginners. Thanks Andrew and his colleague !
It's relative simple for experienced ones, but still useful for beginners.
Best course for those who are new to AI and want to brush up their python
Very well done.  Impressed with the pedagogical approach, very effective.
Very logical and intuitive based course. Greatly taught by Dr. Andrew Ng.
Good introduction to general concepts of neural networks. Easy to follow.
This is very interesting Course. I am learn lot of things in this course.
Wonderful experience! The course is highly informative and well designed.
Really Good! Now a do understand how to build a NN form scratch! AWESOME!
Concepts very well explained and hands on exercises are also really good.
I Do not have words to express my feelings . I had programmed myselffffff
I learn a lot from this course. Its very effective for beginners like us.
The course is very interesting, and was very well explained. So thank you
Great course with Andrew Ng. Love to get on the way of learning NN and DL
Excellent program, Till now each and every concept is very well explained
The course is very informative and helpful for beginner in deep learning.
Basic concepts nicely explained. Interesting and informative assignments.
Thanks for giving me the opportunity to complete this course.With regards
An amazing experience, you just need basic knowledge of python to dive in
It's a good course. I can learned the basics of deep learning of easy way
The Best course available out there in the market. Must take this course.
Structured  guidelines, easy lectures, standard exercises and assignments
Very clear explanation and taught from basic that any one can understand.
Really a great course. Gives a great insight of the deep neural networks.
Excellent Course . Pin point explanation from Andrew Ng.Thank you so much
Great course for basics of Neural Networks and the mathematics behind it.
it's best for one who want tho start deep learning without any experience
It's really simple and to the point, I wish I can mentor others with you.
This is a great intro to neural networks and understanding how they work.
This is best course available online for deep learning. All the best guys
This course gave a detailed guideline ,how to implement neural networks .
I really like this method rather older version on machine learning course
Enjoyed this one. Not so hard, didnt take as long as the suggested hours.
Great course for introduction to Neural networks and intuition behind it.
Very interesting course to revisit basic concepts on Deep Neural Networks
Andrew, you made these complex topics very easy to understand. Thank you.
Thank you for your team to kindful teaching. It was the best of my class.
This course helped me get started and get hands-on proyects in real life!
Excellent course. It is easy to understand the machanism, I learned a lot
Guiding me step by step and going deeper along the way, very good course.
with coding those algorithm, it`s easy to comprehend those. Thanks a lot.
This course is so amazing, I got basic knowledge after study this course.
Great course! Presented complicated information in an understandable way.
Amazing course, now I can understand more the "dark magic" behind the NN.
Great course! Andrew has a way with making complex things understandable.
Best for beginners with no background in Deep Learning or Neural Networks
this course helped me in getting the internal mechanism of neural network
Exceptional Course , rich content and accessible explanation.Thank you !!
The course was very helpful and easy to follow. Thanks to Prof. Andrew Ng
Fantastic course, I can really recommend it! Demystifies neural networks.
Well paced and assignments well structured with lots of helpful comments.
Very helpful in guiding the learning of Neural Network and Deep Learning.
Excellent! Provide fundamental while practical knowledge of deep learning
Useful，thans for coursera to give me this chance to learning with Angrew.
Very well structured. Hoping to opt for the subsequent course. Thank you.
A Great start to learning the concepts, and get a grasp of Deep Learning.
Awesome course! Explanations are clear and exercises are well structured.
a very nice course,but in my browser, I cannot see the image in questions
a great course, very useful for beginner. study deeper and deeper. thanks
Great lesson, I learn a lot from it. Thanks, from the bottom of my heart.
Amazing course, you will really understand how to implement deep networks
It's very great! I will continue learn the rest of the DL specialization.
Great course...Like, I'm speechless and blown away! I really learnt alot!
One assignment wasn't structured properly. But the course was incredible!
It is the best deep learning course for introduction I have ever learned.
Course is gr8, last week assignment had some bugs, which can be improved.
Comprehensive course on single-layered and multi-layered neural networks.
Perfect designed course! I finally know exactly how neural networks work!
Thanks Andrew for making this course available to public. Awesome course!
Excellent course to learn the basics of neural networks and deep learning
very well explained. Sometimes I felt dummy :-), which is good!Thank you.
Appreciate your clear explanations and thoroughness in all these courses.
Excellent course lead me step into AI & DL world !! Thanks profession Ng!
Andrew has deep knowledge of this subject. Great as always (pun intended)
Very good intro to deep learning! I really appreciate Andrew's teachings.
This is a very practical course for anyone who is learning neural network
Excellent theory and coursework. Very well presented for online learning.
This class is wicked awesome. I took it for fun and was not disappointed.
very thorough and practical training of neural network and deep learning!
Excellent standard of teaching and material, as one would come to expect!
Great overview of Neural networks, well explained, and useful assignments
Very good intro, with just enough math details and lot of practical tips.
Most helpful course in getting to understand the basic of deep learning.
This course is perfect for who want to learning the base of Neural Nets.
Great for neural network beginners. Andrew teaches everything in detail.
Teaching Style of prof. Andrew Ng is awsome , i really love his teaching
very good introductary course even for people don't have a CS background
it's really amazing course for start your career in IA and deep learning
Interesting course and more kudos to Andrew Ng and this course oranizers
This Course is go-to course for anyone willing to learn Deep Learning !!
i have learned a new skill through this course..thanks to coursera.....!
As a beginner in NN I  enjoyed the course and the programming exercises.
Best course out there to get the basics of neural network without doubt.
It was very helpful and nice course. Thanks a lot for the assistant ship
great intro to DL, pretty much overview of Machine Learning course maths
Very well thought out course, though some of the quizes are challenging.
A very good course. Excelent foundation material and practical examples.
The way taught by the Andrew Ng is very nice and his teaching is amazing
It is a great course. It would be great to have more ungraded exercises.
Learning with practical coding improves the understanding of the subject
this is the best guidance for any of the course I have followed earlier.
Very Nice explanation of every concepts required to learn Neural Network
Professor Ng is probably the best computer science professor on Coursera
A great overview of the basics of deep learning presented in a clear way
One of the best courses that I made with clear topics and explanations!!
just understand what Andrew sir says and you'll get so much of knowledge
Good course, not difficult if you did the machine learning course first.
Andrew sir is an excellent teacher.got complete clarity on deep learning
clearly organized contents, progressive learning.  Strong recommendaton!
Very nice and helpful. Good pace. Exercise were interesting and helpful.
Awesome Course for learning from scratch and to learn all subtle things.
Learned from the most awesome and fantastic professor in the world...👌✌
Great introduction to neural networks and building deep neural networks.
i fully enjoyed this excellent formative and highly instructive course .
Very interesting course, I like the balance between theory and usability
Excellent course which gives good basic intuition about neural networks.
This course is easy to understand and help me to complete just in 1 week
Very nice course! I learned a lot from this course. Thank you, Prof. Ng!
Great course and well taught. The material was concise and to-the-point.
Very Good course. I understood the Neural networks and able to build one
Really good as always, would like to have less help in the assignments !
Got excellent understanding of basic deep learning network from scratch.
greate courses it helps you have deep understanding about neural network
Gives a very good basic understanding of what happens in the background.
Very solid and fundamental deep leaning course! Recommend for beginners!
This is the best online course series I have ever met. Good job Coursera
It was great experience and I learned a lot with interest and enjoyment.
Prof. Ng's guide to deep learning is unique and "deep" but not esoteric.
Great video lectures. Clear conceptual explanations and good assignments
very clearly and interesting, it's a luck,that i now listen to Andrew Ng
First time o got proper explanation of derivation totally awesome course
so professional and clear.and if you know some mathematic really perfect
This course is awesome for beginners. It covers all the basics required.
An excellent course, full of details and the notebooks are very detailed
Simple, comprehensible instruction of  the complex materials. Thank you!
Easy to understand and also give a chance to implement a DNN in the end.
The quality of teaching is second to none. Great job Andrew Ng and team!
I am loving this source. May god convert me into eminent data scientist.
Thanks for sharing us this very organized , skilled , hard-worked course
Very good course. After doing this I have also gain practical knowledge.
Very very interesting, though Tough!Great course, recommend to allThanks
Another excellent course by Andrew Ng. Good flow and practical material.
I wish if I could have a real teacher like Prof. Ng, life would changed.
Thank you Coursera for this a amazing course and  a great Prof Andre Neg
great course. the homework helped me a lot to understand the bp-networks
Andrew Ng applied his experience in this course. It is very enlightened.
The professor Andrew NG and his staff create, as always, a great course!
Good Refresher! Excellent Material! Will review again from time to time!
Step by step explanation, easy to understand. Highly recommended course.
This explained neural networks in a better way than the previous course.
Thanks to Andrew Ng and teaching assistants, it's is a very good course.
Sorry I didn't pay : ) Finished the course during the 7 day trial period
Strongly intersected with common Machine Learning course, but that's OK.
Very good foundation knowledge and great Jupyter Notebook for exercises.
Great recap and extension of e.g. Machine Learning from Stanford course.
Outstanding course to learn Neural Network and apply knowledge in python
suitable for familiar with Python&numpy,but unknown for machine learning
Very well organized course. Thanks sir to making the understanding easy.
Great explanation, with details but not too detailed, highly recommended
Very good course. The exercises are great and I learned a lot with them.
Great course!! Especially for the assignments!! Thanks so much for this!
Excellent course for understanding how to implement deep nets in python.
Great course! Very understandable and clear lectures, detailed practice.
Right amount of the math required to start programming in deep learning.
Thank you for putting all the efforts in designing this wonderful series
Great course. Andrew is very good explaing complex stuff in an easy way.
Very progressive and give the necessary input to go deeper in the topic.
The course gave me a good overview of creating  L layer neural networks
Very good course and highly recommended to get started on deep learning
What a nice course with awesome instructors. Thanks a lot........... :)
I was gladly impressed by this course. I am eager to take the next one!
Great content, very well explained and I like the detail of the slides.
Very good introduction to neural networks, detailed and well-explained.
Great One!I loved how the code questions built, step by step.Thank you!
This is the best course out there for getting started on deep learning.
This is excellent course....we can learn lot of things from this course
If You want to get the feel of Neural Network, you must do this course.
very helpful course.this is best and easy way to get into deep learning
This is perfect! It helps me learn how to program deep neural networks!
Really helpful in getting people started in the field of deep learning.
Great Course that provides much needed insights of Deep Learning method
Great course,you only need to have some previous experience with Python
The teaching was great. The explanations were clear and well maintained
Very helpful course, this really increased my interest in Data Science.
I learned a lot that expectation. I enjoyed a lot learning this course.
I have completed Course1 and Why the other four courses are not coming?
Very informative course which is easy to understand even for a beginner
They really are great teacher who where able to just valuable knowledge
The course is a good starting point for those who are new to the topic.
Thought the content was a bit thin at first but it's actually excellent
I have learnt a lot from this course thank you coursera and Andrew sir!
Great introduction to the world of Neural Networks and how they work :)
Perfect teacher. I think that it is one of the best courses to learn AI
Very Detailed Beginner Course. Surely suggest this course to my friends
Still one of the best primers into Deep Learning after all these years!
This course so in-depth and on point. I am so happy I found this course
Exceptional way of learning and well structured and prepared exercises!
gives you a perfect understanding of the underworking of neural network
the course was good. also include some more theory to better understand
A professional and neat version of Machine Learning course by Stanford.
Andrew and the whole team gave a really wonderful and detailed classes.
Great course to start for a beginner who is confused on where to start.
Great course, building a NN on my own to classify cat photos is amazing
Starts off easy but gets tough later on which was good for me to learn!
one of the best course explaining step by step to build a deep network.
This course is excellent. I highly recommend this course for beginners!
Really awesome course helps me to learn many things. Thanks to coursera
Really helped me understand the basics of neural nets and deep learning
This is a boon for all people who want to start off with Deep learning!
Very useful for those who want to know how neural network exactly works
Very good introduction to Neural Networks with very didactic exercises.
Everything ok. I would appreciate that course for R, but Python was ok.
REally drove home the concepts through lectures and sufficient practice
That's amazing!Easy to learn by video,and teacher taught every details!
Very clear lessons and videos, helpful quiz and helpful code assignment
one simple word "Awesome". Great course. Thanks Andrew NG and Coursera.
Great course. Doubles up quite a lot of stuff from the ML intro course.
Really nice course .. And all courses material was extremely useful ...
I have seen a lot of Deep Learning online course. This is the best one.
Amazing course, exactly what I was looking for. Congratulations Andrew.
World class course in deep learning. Thoroughly explained: thank you :)
Not too much new information, but very good refresher about the basics.
Great course for Deep learning. Helped me understand a lot of concepts.
Very good lecture. Best lecture to capture concepts of neural networks.
easy assignment for ramp up, give me confidence to continue this series
This course is brilliant!Teacher is nice.Texts are very good for study.
Superb Course. Well Managed. Thanks for providing such beautiful course
Excellent instruction from Professor Andrew Ng. Very clean and concise.
I just enjoyed listening these concepts .Great Job Andrew Ng and Team .
Very good introduction course to deep learning and deep neural networks
Very nice introduction on neural network without too much prerequisite.
Thanks for your courses, I love AI, and I'll study go on.You are great!
Very informative, concise,  well presented, builds necessary intuition.
Excellent introduction to NN and Deep Learning. The pace is just right.
This course help to meet more closely  with neural networks. Thank you!
Andrew Ng is a phenomenal AI teacher. Transcendent, pithy and engaging.
Great introduction to the topic. As a mathematician I highly recommend.
A great course from the greatest teacher of machine learning. Loved it.
Great first course, nice balance of the fundamentals and hands on work.
Andrew Ng, you are brilliant. You know how to make things look simpler.
Thank you, Prof Ng !   An excellent course for deep learning beginners.
Thank you for teaching me the fundamentals of machine learning so well.
Absolutely amazing course from Andrew Sir , Well explained and precise.
Really the greatest way to get into deep learning from machine learning
Right balance of guidance and complexity in the programming assignments
Excellent course to enhance your neural network knowledge using Python.
Very nicely structured course to understand the deep learning mechanism
Straight forward learning process built incrementally with each lesson.
It is always amazing learning from Andrew Ng. Great Course and content.
Wonderful Course which explains the working of Neural Network in detail
Outstanding course! Huge gratitude towards great teacher in this field!
Very good and thorough introduction to deep learning. Excellent course.
Very good crunching of Neural Network algorithm construction by Mr. Ng!
The course setting is perfect, and I learned a lot of useful knowledge
for me that just started deep learning , was a great goal.great thanks
It's like he knows what doubts we would ask and I find it very helpful
The course is easy to follow. Andrew has very good pedagogical skills.
Professor Andrew Teach all concepts perfectly and deeply Thank you sir
The math can get intense but overall a good course and well explained.
This course was really useful for me and I learned many things. Thanks
Excellent course.  Just the right amount of theoretical and practical.
Building the concepts from the very starting with a great explanation.
detailed explanation and crystal clear concepts to begin deep learning
I like the way of relating everything to its mathematical derivations.
Really helpful in building basics of Neural networks and deep learning
Excellent course to learn Deep neural networks and its implementations
great,but there are  issues in submitting the programming assingnments
An excellent resource to start with deep learning. Highly recommended.
course has excellent materials on deep learning. Andrew Ng is awesome.
As a chinese student, I have never had an instructive class like this.
Excellent course to understand how neural networks work under the hood
Contents are well explained with practical examples, Thanks Coursera !
A must for all novice in the fiels of neural network and Deep Learning
Now I can use deep learning modules in python in a more confident way.
It was interesting and simple to understand some basic things, thanks!
It was a great course with Crystal clear explanations and assignments.
Very good. Coming form some "Datacamp" courses and this is way better.
amazing step by step explanation of the deep learning building blocks.
Nice course to learn how implemment complex neural networks from zero.
Learnt more from this course than an actual ML course at My university
Excellent Introductory Course in DL and excellent professor Andrew Ng.
A good course that can give a boost to start a career in deep learning
really very informative, i liked the mathematical angle of the course.
The basis for a solid foundation with equal parts theory and practice.
Useful in understanding the mathematical fundamentals of deep learning
the course material is so helpful for starting on project on your own!
Great Course and Awesome Content!!! Must for Deep learning enthusiast.
The course design is very reasonable, Professor Wu speaks very clearly
I have taken couple of courses in ML and this course was the best one.
Since the ML course, I have enjoyed the teaching by Andrew. Thank you!
An excellent course in neural networks and deep learning introduction.
great experience!!! detailed guidance both in videos and in programs!!
Very well organized for beginners with limited programming background.
Very well crafted course with no ambiguity. Thanks to Prof. Andrew NG.
Great Course, good hands-on experience of implementing neural networks
Another amazing course of Andrew Ng. Thank you for your effort Andrew!
Very Informative and good start for Neural Networks and Deep Learning.
I have learned a lot of knowledge about deep learning from this class.
Thanks for the choice to study this course,I have learned much from it
Great Course. Thank you for the opportunity to be part of this course.
This is hands down the best course of deep learning I have ever taken.
Very useful. Assignments were really good and also the course content.
Wonderful Course! Really Learnt a ton. Prof. Andrew Ng is the best! :)
Very well done, I learned so much and it was engaging 100% of the time
Easy to understand makes the concept of Neural Networks crystal clear.
Explain the complex contents very clearly and simplified the problems.
Great course. Andrew really got everything concept and function clear.
This course made me confident with the Neural Network implementations!
Here you will gain a lot of intuition about how  an ANN actually works
Excellent course. Could add additional notes for calculus derivations.
The lectures are clear and programming assignment are well structured.
Thank you for focusing on developing intuition and providing insights.
This course is great, the assignment has really detailed instructions.
Well structured to grasp new concepts and put to practice right away!!
Excellent course! I love how you build up the algorithms from scratch.
Really good introductory course to Deep Learning. Very well explained!
Excellent, very clear explanation of forward and backward propagation.
really like being taught the material and then practicing it.  Thanks.
Amazing course! Thanks for giving me financial aid for attending this.
Great course! Perfect for understanding the basics of neural networks.
Great lectures from Prof. Andrew, very detailed and right to the point
Great Platform to start learning and implementing Deep Neural Networks
Deep and insightful. Builds a very good foundation on Neural Networks.
This was a great course an and taught in very creative way. Thank you.
Andrew is a great teacher! Great use of Jupyter to start coding a DNN!
Amazing course!Now, it's clear how to do with deep learning.Thank you.
Very helpful course for deep understand the idea behind deep learning.
Very clearly presented. Not super challenging but a good introduction.
Great course! It makes complicate concepts easy to understand. Thanks!
Very informative a course. Thanks for making this course Professor Ng!
really good explain, well structured materials and valueble exercises.
Absolutely the BEST introduction to Neural Networks and Deep Learning!
Great course.  I completely enjoyed taking it and learned quite a bit.
Very helpful to me. Some vague understanding of mine is getting clear.
Thank you for making such great materials and programming assignments!
Brilliant Course, definetely recommended to anyone trying to learn DL
Very well designed course material and very clear course explanation.
Andrew Ng's teaching is Amazing. Notebooks are crafted precisely. 5/5
A good introduction to the world of Neural Networks and deep learning
Amazing course. Excited to start the next one in this specialization!
Great Explanation by Andrew NG, easier to understand teaching methods
Very well explained by Prof :) Really cleared a lot of my concepts :)
A very well detailed explanation of neural network has been provided.
Challenging but worthwhile course. Not afraid to get into the details
Excellent course for beginners to start their career in Deep learning
One of the best course and of course one the best mentor in the world
It's a very amazing experience for me to learn AI from these platform
Really good course. It is good for beginner  who start deep learning.
Best course so far with deep intuition , mathematics and programming.
Excellent explanations of the concepts and guided coding assignments.
Awesome course.Just calculus part is little bit difficult to grasp :)
Great course!However, I would love it to have some more tasks, haha!)
I found this course useful to learn Deep Learning in very short time.
Loved this course, provides a basis for your future in deep learning.
Love the course looking forward to other parts of this specilissation
Very nice course to understand and practice basics of neural networks
A great course for beginners and a very good refresher for graduates.
Very good starting point into Neural Networks and Logistic Regression
Andrew,Thank you for making good courses. Your truly the best.Mansour
a nice introduction to Machine Learning for students in other majors!
It is a helpful course of students to enter the deep learning region.
Excellent course with smallest of the things covered in great detail.
Well done.  Very nice course; I'm looking forward to learning more...
A very good and systematic technical introduction to neural networks.
I love how this course was structured. It was made very simple for me
excellent course to start with deep learning.Thank You Andrew Ng Sir.
Great hands on introduction, looking forward to the following classes
Good understanding from the basics, happy with the course content too
Excellent course , makes you confident about basic of neural network.
Thank you, Andrew! You helped me to enter the world of deep learning!
Good course! The implementation part is pretty easy for a programmer.
Easy to understand, very recommended for new persons in deep learning
This is an excellent course in ML!!! Appreciated the instructor team.
Very good overview of Neural Networks! Excited for the courses ahead.
good coverage and well structured. hands-on assignment also very good
Good course. Generates in-depth understanding of deep neural networks
Very Much Helpful in learning from scratch. Hats off to your efforts.
Clear explanation of the concept of deep learning. Fit for any level.
Excellent balance of mathematical framework and hands on programming.
very helpful. Great initiative. Will recommend to everyone. Thanks !!
Very good basic insights on deep learning. Looking forward for more..
Very good lecture and assignment.I will recommend to friends of mine.
Great course, my second with the best teacher I ever seen, Andrew NG.
The homeworks (programming assignments) are a little bit an overkill.
very inside and useful. Andrew is great, clear and structured course.
Really, one of excellent course on Deep Learning and Neural Networks.
This course is exceptional! Thank you Andrew for putting it together!
Excellent and Outstanding course. Well Structured and Ordered Course.
Mind Blowing, best introductory course to neural networks on internet
It's a great course to start learning this field! Truly recommend it.
Very well-done hands-on overview of neural networks and deep learning
Very useful sessions to understand Neural Networks and Deep Learning.
Great course, I learnt a lot about neural networks and deep learning!
Great Course!! A person who is interested in this field should do it.
Great introduction course for ANN, but too simple for advanced users.
Its exquisite course. I have learn tremendous skill from this course.
This course is extremely useful and provides many hands-on exercises!
Excellent course. Andrew explained it in a very nice simplified way .
Very intuitive classes, great professor, great mentors, great course!
Very nice course. Well organized. The assignments are very practical.
Taught me all the basics I was hoping to learn about Neutral Networks
Thanks Mr Andrew Ng, The course was interesting and reach of details.
The best course for deep learning I found so far. Thanks coursera! :)
very good course for basic neural networks and deep learning. thanks.
Improving to understand deep learning, I will proceed remain courses.
Course is well structured to understand concepts and implementations.
Very good material and fantastic explanations, I highly recommend it!
Awesome course, both for absolute starters and "i know a bit" people.
Excellent introduction to deep learning, and easy to follow exercises
I love this course. Thanks to Coursera, Andrew Ng and deeplearning.ai
Awesome initiave taken by the master of the field, Andrew NG himself!
Wornderful course I learned to implement neural network from scratch
very good examples and tasks, you doing exactly what you need to do.
Hands-on and very guided. Great content and programming assignments!
the last programming assignment has two error: forward and L forward
Every Deep learning and neural network aspired must do this course .
A very nice overview of implementing a vanilla feed forward network.
100% satisfied, it totally exceeded my expectations in every aspect!
Concepts are explained in a very systematic manner, Excellent Course
please make a course on lstm and rnn in simple way like this course.
This is a very good course, I have learned a lot from it. Thank you!
Greate Course for staters and learn how to do vectorization of code.
Lucid explanations for beginners in deep learning and neural network
Great explaination of things  : "what's going on behind the scenes?"
Very interesting course and I love the teaching methods. Keep it up!
Easy to understand even without any backgrounds. Thank you very much
Very good foundation course of machine learning. Highly recommended!
A very very interesting course from a ground to level up your skills
Superb course. I like the ratio of practical information and theory.
Awesome content. Starts with basics and evolved slowly and steadily.
Very good in explaining basic methods needed to build Neural Network
A very good intro into the Deep Learning world. Nice job, Andrew Ng.
great experience!complete task and clear annotate of every homework.
Excellent course. Good to prime learner interested in Deep Learning.
It's the best intro to deep learning that I ever used to experience!
Awesome course ...got an intitution how a deep neural network works.
Good for beginner. Programming assignments are also up to standards.
pretty good courses for learning AI and deep learning. Thanks a lot!
one of the best online course available.it got me launched correctly
It is amazing. It was difficult at the beginning but it was worth it
Very clear and organized course. Andrew explains everything clearly.
Very nice and clear explanations of the math behind neural networks.
Great Intro course, that doesn't need too much background knowledge.
Great introduction course, professor Andrew makes it seem very easy.
The time and effort expended in this course are definitely worth it.
Very well explained ,with a balance of theory, practical,mathematics
Excellent combination of presentation videos with hands-on exercises
Very good course, teaches the fundamentals of neural nets very well.
Big thanks to Andrew and all the people contributing to this course.
I just enjoy the course and learn much when the lecturer is Prof. Ng
An in-depth theoretical explanation that made implementation easier.
Quite good, the course has led me to dive into deeper details of NN.
Starts with basics and provides deep knowledge about neural networks
this course teaches you how to develop a DNN from scratch. very good
I found it very intuitive to understand the basics of deep learning.
Tough but Professor Ng presents topics in an easy to understand way.
Great course. Very useful. Good first step to get into Deep Learning
Excellent course: good balance between theory and pratical exercices
Great course I might suggest to take an Algebra course for ML before
very nice course with detailed explanation for fundamental theories.
I love this course. Such an awesome resource for such a low price!!!
Great course!Great lectures by Andrew NgGreat exercisesGreat course!
Very helpful course to learn the basis of Neural Network algorithms!
One of the best courses! Thank you, professor Ng and coursera team!!
I am very satisfied with the coursework and content. Love them much!
Feeling awesome!! Thanks a lot to Andrew Ng for such a great course.
great material with decent exercise to practice the course material.
excellent course, very good didactic which facilitated the learning.
Awesome course! Easy if you've done the ML course. Money well spent!
Good fundamental knowledge from matrices to L - layer neural network
Very complete and professional. Useful for professional development.
Very good foundation for learning about the concept of deep learning
Very good starting point to learn deep learning from any background.
very nice course. Now I can implement a deep learning neural network
Great content !To me, it is easy to understand for beginners like me
A very clear and concise introduction to practical Machine Learning.
The step-by-step assignments makes it so easy to follow the content!
very good and helpful for people like me want to learn Deeplearning!
Very well structured. Clear and easy to understand lectures. Thanks!
very good for starters, easy to understand and there's not much math
That was a fantastic course! I will definitely recommend it further!
The lesson is easy to understand, and the explanation is very clear.
Wonderful course. Interesting materials and I love the applications.
This lecture is very easy and the way of tutoring is very intuitive.
Very good course, I am eager to learn Convolutional Neural Networks.
Great course. Step by step. Not too mathematical and ok programming.
Andrew never disappoints. Also really liked the heroes part as well.
Excellent course.  Looking forward to the additional specializations
andrew ng is really a great professor. I love this course very much!
Andrew Ng manages to outdo his previous course. Absolutely loving it
This is "the" introductory course for deep neural network learners.
Awesome fundamentals and starting course for Deep-Learning after ML
Great course that strikes a balance between theory and application!
The teacher Andrew Ng is very well to teach. Thank you to everybody
Super course for all those who are interested in machine learning!!
Very good to start and clear the basic concepts of neural networks.
Great content by Andrew NG . Always loved the way he does classess.
A Great Course for absolute Beginners in the field of Deep learning
Outstanding Course.  Well-balanced theory, exam, and lab exercises.
Appreciate Prof Ng. Make the complicated model very easy to follow.
Awesome Course.Assignments in the last week were quite challenging.
very insightful teaching the basics of deep learning from ground up
Brilliant in every way for new comers, hope you know your python :)
The course was very helpful in starting my journey to deep learning
This is by far the best Neural Network introduction I've ever took!
The teacher has excellent teaching skills. The course is excellent.
Very useful to see what happens in detail inside the neural network
Excellent course. I learned a lot. Andrew NG is an amazing teacher.
Got a better understanding of neural networks and its applications.
Great to learn BackProp algorithm in the  neural networks.Thank you
That was a great learning tutorial regarding neural network basics.
the discussion forum is helpful, profesor Ng and mentors all great.
Best course to start deep learning. Love the way Andrew Ng teaches.
This course gives me a very clear introduction about deep learning.
Excellent introduction and concrete review of the theory behind NNs
Love this course; great next step after the machine learning class.
I think it is one the best neural networks and deep learning course
Thank you very much, i took financial aid and very happy to finish.
Wonderful course, Andrew Ng is really awesome in explaining things.
I'm really glad to have taken this course. Mr. Ng, nice worck ! ! !
Good course for a very fundamental understanding of neural networks
This is a broad yet intuitive course on the mechanisms behind ANNs.
Super Course! Well explained and not overwhelming. Thanks Andrew :)
Excellent teaching methodology followed. keep up the good work guys
Easy to understand, well-organized assignments and other materials.
Great intro to the subject, and great practice for practical design
thank you to give me this chance to learn from this  perfect course
Very detailed explanation of what deep learning is and how it works
Excellent course . Wonderful layout of the steps using the Notebook
Thanks Andrew for teaching us the finest details of neural networks
Awesome course gives you a concrete fundamental of deep learning <3
Great course, deep learning made easy really !Thank you Professor !
Very good, I learn from this course more even than a Master Degree.
Andy NG is really great.   The course is excellently prepared, wow!
Awesome! Good job of teaching fundamental theory and implementation
excellent course best in bussiness can learn everything for scratch
Awesome course , I have learnt the math behind the Neural Networks!
Andrew's teaching style, content and style of exercises is amazing!
Hands down, the best course. Andrew Ng explains this like no other!
Nice introduction course in order to start with with NN and Deep NN
It's great even for  beginners, great lecture which build intuition
Very helpful course in understanding deep learning neural networks.
the course teach the algorithm and codes step by step.it's splendid
Every easy understanding and helpful. really recommend for beginner
Provides hands on coding experience rather than using some package.
Andrew is a great teacher to make the course fun and easy to learn.
Fundaments concepts are explained clearly in detail. Very hands-on.
Very good. The step-by-step instructions allow me to follow easily.
The course is easy to understand by the explanation of the teacher.
best of best, cant get tired of this " Andrew Ng Rocks" big fan sir
Good introduction to machine learning and best practices in python.
Very nice course for beginners in deep learning and neural networks
It would be very useful if we have a week with tensor flow or keras
great course to get an overview of neural network and deep learning
excellent course follow. the programing assignment format is great!
Really this is the best course to start with in Deep Learning area.
Giving a lot of basic concepts of Neural network and Deep learning.
The course is really helpful ! I can help starting the next course.
Was a bit complex to understand but when understood it was amazing!
I loved it..very conceptual and useful course..Highly recommended..
The best ML/DS course I've ever completed. Thanks Andrew and team!!
Very good teaching by Andrew Ng and appropriate hands-on exercises.
Great course. Easy to follow, thanks to its excellent explanations.
Best learning curriculum and very well thought  syllabus very happy
Excellent approach to enter the fascinating world of Deep Learning.
Truly Awesome Course and Sir Andrew Ng, you are truly a rock star!!
after taking this course ,I have much deeper insight of neural nets
Excellent course for beginners and who want to learn deep learning.
Very good course: Clear Lectures, Examples/Exams. Very recommended.
Such a great course, scaffolding my understanding of deep learning!
Good Course, if you want to learn the foundations of Deep Learning.
I think this course is of high quality and very easy to understand!
This course is just as good as Prof.Andrew's cult classic ML course
Providing great basic concept of Neural Networks and Deep Learning!
very good! Learning from scratch to build a working neural network!
Exceptionally well executed course. Highly recommended to everyone!
Great course, learnt some python along the way. Recommended to all!
Fantastic intro to deep learning, very well designed and presented.
Well taught with good insights for a machine learning practitioner.
content is great and the talker makes the hard thing simply for cap
I like the way homework is structured so it's really easy to debug.
Great course and wonderful approach to complex question. Recommend!
Great class very detailed Andrew Ng does an amazing job teaching it
Easy enough to follow along and intuitive enough to feel fulfilled.
Course is exceptional, recommend for every learner of deep learning
Very clear and precise.  Plenty of help to understand the concepts.
It was an amazing journey with you in this course Andrew. loved it
The instructions were very helpful and propelling towards learning
It is a very good course. The architecture of course is excellent.
Great course for those who are just taking a start in the field...
learned in depth knowledge of how neural networks are  implemented
Excellent course. I recommend to everyone interested in the topic.
Andrew is wonderful. Very patient and goes throughout the details.
I learned neural networks and the meaning of derivatives as well!!
Simple and fun to do on the weekends, highly recomended for anyone
Lectures and presentations are perfect. I love the interview part.
One of the best courses I have taken . Andrew Sir is really great!
Got great insights about mathematical operations in deep learning.
A good course by the best machine learning instructor on Coursera.
Great course with clear process and ways to implement it in Python
Very helpful in understanding the maths behind the neural networks
Gave me a really good practical hands-on insights on Deep learning
Andrew has done a great job, he made this course super interesting
The Mathematics behind gradient descent was explained very nicely.
As a beginner I felt that a lot of the basics were clearly taught.
Awesome course for those who want to get started in deep learning.
Prety nice course, it teaches you neural networking in a deep way.
Great introduction to neural networks with practical applications.
Great content by very nice tutor along with wonderful assignments.
Can't really describe how good this course is. Big thanks to team.
This was awesome experience with Andrio NG. Thanks for you efforts
Very helpful course for me. After Learning Ai for Everyone course.
This course really helped me understand neural networks perfectly.
Very methodical approach of Andrew Ng is great. Loved the course!!
Very beautifully designed course. Must do for all interested in DL
It was really helpful to learn deep learning with those exercises.
Nice support for people with minimal coding and calculus backgroun
Very good with all concepts explained in a nice, intuitive manner.
Really great course to understand the basics.Worth the time spent.
Good course. Maybe the last programming exercise should be harder.
Very interesting course on fundamentals regarding neural networks.
Great course, explains the basics of neural networks from scratch.
This course is a very helpful initiation into Neural Network field
Great course for Deep learning beginners . Really enjoyed learning
It's easy to understand. The flow presented is easy to understand.
It is really a wonderful course. I am really enjoying this course.
Very nicely crafted with proper assignments that are easy to learn
Course material  (classes and assignments) are extremely polished!
A lot of thanks for Andrew Ng for awesome explanations and course!
Good kickstart to deep learning! Looking forward to future courses
The best course for beginners :D Thanks for instructor (Andrew Ng)
Excellent course after the 'Machine Learning'-course of Andrew Ng!
Very Good. This course has inspired my  passion for Deep Learning.
good structure and contents. the assignment is very well designed!
I am very pleased after the completion of the course. Thanking you
Excellent course with covers teorycal and practical aspects of NNs
The course and the explanaition of teacher are very clear. Thnaks!
Great Content! Course more oriented towards the mathematical side.
Good introduction to neural network with interesting code practice
Served it purpose. Got a good insight of deep learning algorithms.
5 stars, but don't make this your first course on neural networks.
Highly recommend for anyone who wants to start with Deep Learning.
Great course to begin with but some content is slightly repetitive
Learning from 'Heroes' of AI is the right summary for this course!
Great course. Great exercises with useful code that can be reused.
Top Notch! Clear understanding and intuition about Neural Networks
very good. easy to understand. the assignment is very enlightening
Super Awesome. It is a must have for all Deep learning researchers
Very vast, yet basic course, really helpful for the journey ahead.
This course gave me the required fundamentals of neural networks!!
Excellent course! Very detailed and organized. Andrew is the best.
Andrew is a great teacher，Each concept is very easy to understand.
Thank you for sharing this class, it is so useful and interesting!
I appreciate you Dr. Andrew. It is a great course. I learnt a lot!
A very simple and best Course for Specialization in Deep learning.
I cannot use words to describe how good the course is! Just do it!
It is a great course for the deep understanding of neural network.
Neural Networks demystified. Really enjoyed the Jypiter notebooks.
Keep going, good support. And you will learn a lot. Regards,Pablo.
Well structured course, interesting assignments, great instructor.
A perfect course to introduce yourself in the Deep Learning world.
Easier to follow tutorials if you have a basic knowledge of Python
Incredibly well explained. The practical approaches are excellent.
really powerful course for introducing deep learning in high level
Very very good course. Like the notebook assignment. Learnt a lot.
Amazing course. Simple way of teaching and covers all the aspects.
Highly recommend this specialization to Deep Learning beginners !!
Excellent content and really love prof Andrew NG's teaching style.
Great course, very specific and nice introduction to deep learning
great excercises cleared my concepts of backprop and vectorization
As usual, Pr. Ng is wonderful! This course is really really great.
Very good and recommended for whom that interest in Deep Learning.
I really liked the class. I especially liked the Python exercises.
clear and concise. Concept explanations are perfect. Thanks Andrew
The course is a great starting point in the field of Deep Learning
This is one of the best Deep learning course from legend Andrew Ng
a very good course for beginners with lots of programming exercise
it was the most interesting and the most satisfactory course ever
Thanks! I think it's the best introduction course on the subject.
Very well planned course focusing on concepts and implementation.
A beautiful journey from Basics to Deep into the Neural Networks.
Very good class, covers beyond the basics with depth and clarity.
Very good course to learn about dep learning and neural networks.
This course sets a golden standard for all Coursera (and beyond).
Amazing Course, no doubt, perfect explanation by Professor Andrew
Brilliant course, both for revision as well as starting out fresh
The course provided an excellent introduction to Neural Networks.
Excellent course and very systematic. Learnt everything in depth.
Amazing course with great hands-on exercises. Highly recommended!
Amazing course. The hands-on programming assignment I liked most.
Very pedagogical course, charismatic teacher, fascinating subject
A very well planned course for a beginner in deep learning field.
The lecture is very good and everything is explained in detailed.
Great!! Liked it very much, the programming assignment was good..
Awesome piece of work by Andrew NG. Loved throughout the course..
Wonderful course. I enjoyed the lectures. They are very thorough.
Great course. Thanks a lot, Andrew NG. I really loved the videos.
It is the best introductory course to Neural Networks on the net!
Was fairly explained; the exercises were easy and well structured
the course was really good , i learnt many new things practically
it was great, i learned a lot. Thanks for the hands-on experience
Excellent teaching, couldn't be better. Hats of to Andrew NG sir!
Very good and precise course with very nice and deep explanations
Great course ! Good job for all 'deeplearning.ai' team and Mr. NG
The course is fantastic. A recommended one for beginners like me.
THIS COURSE IS QUITE TOUGH BUT THE EXPLANATION IS GIVEN IN DETAIL
Thank you very much, this course has been extremely helpful to me
Highly interesting course featuring input from a great professor.
Great course for someone interested in learning DL  from scratch.
One of the best course to learn Neural Networks and Deep Learning
Very easy and well-organized introductory class for deep learning
Enjoyed this course a lot. Many things learned so far. More to go
Want to learn Neural Networks from Scratch ? Try this course. :-)
Awesome....crystal clear view into the basics of Machine Learning
Great course! Useful information and incredible starting point...
The teaching method of Andrew NG is very easy and understandable.
It's an amazing course! Very clear lectures and code assignments.
An extremely valuable course for understanding "how things work".
Excellent notebook assignments, excellent videos by Andrew NG sir
Best course there is. Easy to learn, best teacher, great content.
Perfect course. It let everybody easy to understand how NN works.
Very intuitive and educative! do not miss the Forums discussions!
It was very rich with informations that will help me in my career
great course to start learning deep learning in python ,thank you
Thank you Ng !! Now I can understand about Shallow and Deep NN !!
the best course to start learning Neural Networks from scratch...
I learnt a lot about deep learning from this course. Thanks a lot
One of the best material on the internet to learn Neural Networks
Simple to understand deep neural network implementation in python
Spectacular course. Andrew Ng teaches in an awesome way as always
Great course to learn basics of deep learning and work on python.
Immaculate!! Best course to provide intuition on Neural Network .
Intuitive and interesting. Perfect courses for beginners like me.
The jupyter notebooks made this course incredibly easy to follow.
Well designed introductory class to the world of Neural Networks.
Well explained. Quizzes and programming assignments really helped
Good basic class for deep learning, easy to learn, glad to enjoy!
A very detailed and step by step introduction to neural networks.
Very good assignments. Really helpful for complete understanding.
Well designed course with a balance of theory and practical work.
Easy to understand. Good teaching example. Suitable for beginner.
Exceptionally good. Would recommend to everyone interested in DL.
Great course!!! The insights given into the course are very good.
built on intuition and progress at a good pace. highly recommend.
Amazing course. Informative with excellent homework's in iptyhon.
Very good, also one of best explanations of Derivatives I've seen
Feels like getting from 0 to a million bucks through this course.
So happy to have this course, it is worh us to learn and study it
Helpful introduction to implementing neural networks with Python.
no one can be better tutor than Andrew Ng. My role model my idol.
Amazing course where you learn the foundations of neural network.
Its a great start for me to get rid of the fear of deep learning.
concepts are explained in a simple and easy to understand manner.
Very good introduction ! I'm looking forward to do the next one !
A good course for anyone have interest in pursuing Deep Learning.
The course is very very good,thank you teacher with all my heart!
Easy to follow the key steps. Really good for self-learning guys.
Great Course!! give it try for at lease Once.Love it !!Thank You.
The instructor is great on how he explain complex things easily.
a little bit difficult. but it is not hard to handle. very good!
Excellent course to grasp the science behind the neural networks
This is a great course for learning from basic of deep learning!
Very helpful for understanding the fundamentals of Deep learning
A good course for those looking to get started in Deep Learning.
Great course, lots of basic concepts covered with relative ease.
Contents are incredibly well exposed by Andrew. Congratulations.
Assignments are really good, make you grasp the concept properly
its good to understand and implement programmes in a basic level
great course ,i was able to clear my doubt easily through videos
Minor inconsistencies on notation but overall the gold standard.
Excellent Understanding of Neural Networks provided by Andrew NG
very practical application of machine learning  models in Python
Loved the content of the course and also the way it's put forth.
Really easy to understand. Highly recommend for basic knowledge.
Andrew made the concepts sound easy and the course is practical.
Andrew sir is amazing , i got everything what he want's to teach
Really beautiful in the way deep neural network is introduced !!
It is the best course to understands the basics of deep learning
Great Course you will get all basic knowledge of mineral network
It's One of the best Courses of all time about the Deep Learning
Really helpful course.Thank you to the instructors and coursera.
Excellent course to learn  the  fundamentals of deep learning...
The course can include more study material. We wanna learn more.
Extremely helpful to get into deep learning and neural networks.
Awesome course. Numpy implementation leaves nothing for a guess.
So far the best and most comprehensive course for deep learning.
The course is really good organised and friendly to green hands!
Excellent course with clear explanations and detailed exercises!
you just make the nn clear and interesting. Thank you Andrew Ng.
A very helpful course for python implementation of deep learning
It was a great experience.The topics were very easily explained.
Terrific course! Andrew's a great lecturer. Thank you Andrew! :)
This is an exceptional course for all Deep learning enthusiasts.
learned the really useful and important  neural network concepts
Did the original ML course from Andrew Ng, so this was a review.
Very nice course that introduces you to the Deep Learning world!
Easy to understand. The professor is very professional and nice.
There could have been fewer shortcuts in back propagation parts.
This was one of the most useful courses to learn Neural Networks
This is very good to start of Deep learning and Neural networks.
Very suitable for introductory learning，hope more code trainning
a great lecture that give me the first impress on deep learning.
Well presented and a good level of interaction in the excercises
very detailed, the exercise is helpful; more than my expectation
An excellent start for whom would like to get into deep learning
grt course that will pitch you the very basics of neurl networks
very detailed video and very intuitive assignment and exercises.
An excelent course to get deep understanding of neural networks.
Fantastic course very hard to defined the experience using words
Nice course for understanding deep learning. Highly recommended.
Amazing course. The instructor is very good and I learned a lot!
Excellent but needs more checks for understanding in the videos.
Excellent course, very clear videos and programming assignments!
An excellent course to learn the basic concepts of deep learning
Great intro, which is helping to understand a lot of Neural Nets
Notebooks for assignments? That's probably the best idea ever :D
A very fundamental course for deep learning. Strongly recommend!
Offers a thorough understanding of Neural Nets and Deep Learning
This is an excellent introduction to neural network fundamentals
Great Course. Very easy to follow with all depth. Thanks Andrew!
Too simple but OK for refreshing the previous knowledge on topic
well organized for student wants to learn about machine learning
Great course. Especially very intuitive introduction to backprop
A great course that helps me to learn Deep Learning from scratch
Best Neural Networks and Deep Learning course! Thanks Andrew Ng!
Awesome course that gave me detailed understanding of neural net
Good course for understand the structure of deep neural networks
Excellent detailed explanation and awesome programming exercise.
Classic Ng. Effective balance of lectures and programming tasks.
I liked it.  He explained the concepts very well and thoroughly.
Great course!  The assigments are perfectly composed. Thank you!
very good to understand how deep nerual network work and realize
Great ! Building shallow and deep neural networks from scratch !
It's wonderful,Andrew Ng's teaching is very precise and concise.
It's quite simple to understand but quite deep to the knowledge.
John Erling BladGreat course! I really like the laid back style.
This course is well organized for enhancing learning experience.
Excellent course to gain fundamental knowledge of Deep Learning.
Great introductory course to build neural networks from scratch!
A very good and simplified introduction to Deep Neural Networks.
Very good explanation and easy to pick it up by any new graduate
The course makes back-prop algorithm accessible to mere mortals.
very good course. from easy to difficult, from simple to complex
Good course for a good foundation on understanding deep learning
Great course to start DL !This is the "Deep Learning 101" course
A beautifully designed course, well taught, and very insightful.
Great introduction to neural networks! Easy and great explained
Amazing course, now I can understand and build a Neural network
Prof Andrew NG is just Amazing!! His teaching style is Awesome!
Excellent Course......Great Initiative...Thank you Mr.Andrew Ng
organized and take you  step by step to build complicated stuff
It's an interesting course and the professor explains very well
Great course ! Bravo and thanks to the Andrew Ng and his team !
Excellent Course...Thank you and i'm grateful to you Andrew sir
Well explained concepts and simplified implementation intuition
The Andrew's courses are exceptionally good. Thank you, Andrew!
it has been very great experience. thank you very much COURSERA
Andrew Ng explaination are clear and didactic extremly valuable
The way of explanation of concepts by Andrew Sir is Awesome :).
Amazingly taught. The topics were made very easy to understand.
I liked it a lot. Especially liked the programming assignments.
Great course. Got to learn how to make neural net from scratch.
Excellent course! Interviews with heroes are great added value!
Very systematically organised teaching  and learning experience
Good Course and gained useful information about Neural Networks
This course is really great course to start with deep learning.
Very Interesting, Please add some more research oriented points
very well organized,structured course.....brilliantly presented
Practical, Easy to Understand, vectorized Implementation of NN!
It was a wonderful experience, concepts were understood clearly
Super easy to follow. A great place to start with deep learning
This is best course to start with and get hands on Neural Nets.
Good introduction, would appreciate more not guided assignments
Good grasp of mathematical theory and clear practical exercises
Very simple and clear explanations of Neural networks concepts.
Great course, clear logic and excellent programming assignment.
This course brings lot of complements thing for my experiences.
Everything well explained and great exercises to improve basic!
This course really helped me in deep learning of deep learning.
The best online course I have ever tried. Highly recommended!!!
This course is a great primer for future learning in the space.
Really good course to start understanding how Neural Nets work.
Best course with all the concepts and practical implementations
Excellent Course who wants to get familiar with neural networks
A good course for people who want to start with Neural Networks
Excellent introduction to the neural networks and deep learning
Excellent introduction to deep learning and its implementation!
Well structured course, complex concepts explained beautifully.
Best Ever Course for Deep Learning. Made such a beautiful start
A very good course. Gives good understanding over the concepts.
Great introduction about neural networks and the math behind it
Was looking for a course EXACTLY like this one. Very satisfied!
Excellent course on Neural Networks using python!!!Recommended.
Very important course for learning the soul of Neural Networks.
You need to do this course to truly appreciate neural networks.
Great course for beginners who are interested in deep learning.
Thank you for sharing this awesome knowledge. <3  My Regards...
really enjoyed the course, specifically deep learning concepts.
Great lecturer, well supported assignments, thoughtful quizzes.
Very accessible presentation of the material, good assignments.
it's a nice course to learn the base theory of neural networks.
Really good course for understanding basics of neural networks.
Great course, Andrew Ng always exceeds expectations! Thank you!
Nice! Awesome for newbies! Good balance of theory and practice.
Loving Andrew Ng's style of lecture! Soft, simple yet practical
it was mindblowing course need to start with 2nd in this series
Very informative and well thought out programming assignments !
It is a great course for those who want to start  Deep learning
Wonderful course to get started with neural networks in python.
Andrew Ng is my first teacher on ML and DL. He is the best too!
Great course for beginners who are interested in deep learning!
excellent course. It explains how neural network works clearly.
Excellent course, helped me a lot understanding neural networks
Very good course. Gives a good insight how deep learning works.
Great course, with a slow pace so you can follow it confortably
Course 1 is absolute  beginning of the neural networking basics
Very nice course. The python implementations are really useful.
Nice examples that illustrate the structure of neural networks.
the programming assignments are very useful and really helpful.
Wonderful explanation, demystify the "magic" of deep learning !
Andrew is a very good teacher presenting concepts very clearly.
This is the greatest class I have ever taken. Thanks Andrew Ng.
one of the best of Andrew Ng. Loved the pace, the step by step.
An amazing course! One of the best sources I can ever think of!
give you basic knowledge for understanding NN and DL. very nice
More practice made me better understand to the Neural Networks.
Excellent Course both in terms of teaching and course structure
It was a truly wonderful experienceI learned a lotThank you all
Awesome course!!! Learned a lot about basics of Neural Networks
Really good intuitive intro to deep learning. Thanks very much.
Very well taught and intuitive interesting knowledge available.
Awesome Course :) , I am so glad to have this chance. Thank you
Thanks for doing this! Can't wait to get to CNN and RNN courses
Very good, love the use of Python. Great explanation of topics.
THE Introduction to Deep Learning by the Master Mind Andrew Ng.
Does a decent job as an introduction  course to Neural Networks
Great introduction course on Neural Networks and Deep learning.
Great course! A very good explanation about the NN foundations.
Very detailed courses about neural network, highly recommended!
刚学到一半，不过里面对back propogation的讲解是我听到过的最好的解释。 也非常喜欢optional的内容，感谢！
Wonderful course! It is he best mooc I've ever participated in.
Really nice course. Covered the fundamentals of Deep Learning.
Best Introductory course on Neural Networks and Deep Learning.
great instructor the teaching and the content is extraordinary
Best Course to understand the mathematics behind deep learning
Very nice course and very usefull from week two. Thanks a lot!
All the hype and myths regarding deep learning will be busted.
very nice! Thank Coursera, Andrew Ng, Kian, Younes, very much!
Perfect Course. Thanks a lot for all information and Concepts.
Great course! Dr. Andrew Ng's teachings are just unparalleled.
Good one, recomended, vectorized implementations are too good.
This course takes your basics understanding to the next level.
Andrew Ng is one of the best deep learning teacher I ever had!
This Course is Awesome, Tutor Explained Every thing very well.
Must watch course for beginners in the field of Deep Learning.
One of the best courses to understand the basics and concepts.
It is really a great course. Best way to start for beginners .
To be honest, it's was helpful. I have no words to describe it
It's been my first course with Prof. Andrew, he is mesmerzing!
Really nice and well explained exercicies in Notebook! Thanks!
Awesome Course to go through to clear basics of deep learning.
this really helped in understanding the core of deep learning.
I really enjoyed following this course, nice work Andrew & Co!
Really Great course on Neural Network. Was easy to understand.
Its a Very good course for Deep learning, as a starting point.
great course, thank you for carefully crafting in such detail.
Good hands-on introduction to deep learning, very little math.
It teaches the basics in a practical way .. extremely worth it
Good introduction to both theory and implementation in Python.
Its the BEST course for learning  about Deep Nueural Networks.
Clear explanation to all steps. Very helpful course. Thank you
Very cool. I liked that the mathematical part is very detailed
Very Nice course with good amount of Mathematical Explaination
All class videos are excellent, clearly explained by Andrew NG
This course was extremely useful for me . Thank you very much.
this a great course for learning and well detailed explanation
Andrew's lecture is very detailed and very friendly to novices
Great course! Very thorough and practical. Highly recommended.
thank you deeplearing.ai for this specialization, very useful.
very useful course and explained very well.recommended to all.
Very nice to learn and understang the basics of deep learning.
Very helpful and to the point. Exactly what I was looking for.
Great course to beginners who want to dive into Deep Learning.
A very good introduction to Deep Learning and Neural Networks.
this is very great course and i liked the instructor very much
NICE COURSE . HELPED A LOT TO CLEAR BASICS OF NEURAL NETWORKS.
Simply the best course on the internet to start deep-learning.
Excellent delivery, progressive difficulty and great insights.
Very easy to learn with the amazing course support and teacher
its a really very good course and definitely improve knowledge
Great mooc, fantastic educational way to expain these concepts
The professor is very nice,and the notebook is pretty convient
A good balance of theory and hand-on practice on deep learning
Very Good Course on neural network and explaination is so good
Very good course if someone wishes for In-depth knowledge...!!
This is a great course that will benefit my research and work.
Nice and Contain Deep Research Material. Helpful for Beginners
Well-designed assignments and active forums really help a lot!
A very intuitive course . Helps with Visualizing the network .
Very good to understand mathematics behind the neural network.
Great, clear explanations of neural networks and how they work
very useful course and really easy to learn even for beginners
Nice work, thank you very much! It was very interesting to me.
Very good course, It just help me to understand many concepts.
Amazing course and it's comprehensive. I would recommend this.
Great course content and concept! As expected from Andrew Ng!!
Very easy to follow. Great starter course for Deep Learning :)
Andrew Ng is amazing!!! Must take for anyone venturing into DL
Excellent amalgamation of practical and theoretical knowledge.
Really love the content and the way the lectures are conducted
One of the best explanations and intuitions of Neural Networks
topics are very well explained, making it really easy to learn
Very nice course , entry level , I will commend to my friends.
As always this field changed my life.Thank you for the Authors
Perfect balance between simplicity, detail, and applicability!
I was able to understand the basic principles of deep running.
it's a great course with one of the best teachers on the world
Andrew, you are an inspiration. Best learning experience ever.
Its a really nice course learning the basic functioning of NN.
Awesome introductory course into Neural Networks! Recommended!
Very clear explanation and also the exercises are interesting.
Highly recommend the course to the beginners of neuron network
Very good course and very good step by step coding assignments
it's a very useful course. covers math behind neural networks.
pretty entry level machine learning knowledge for a programmer
It is really great and I learned a lot from it. Thank you, Ng.
a perfect combination of theory, intuition, and implementation
Learned a lot about deep learning and neural networks. Thanks!
Well designed programming assignments and well paced lectures.
Very useful! A great introductory deep learning course for me.
Good course! It's the best Machine learning course I'v learned
A great course to learn programming neural networks "by hand".
its a really nice course and the its being taught really well.
Good content for basic level understanding of neural networks.
Excellent course! and the exercises help to understand better.
Very intuitive and most of all: interesting. Thanks Mr. Andrew
Great Intro course. Looking forward to the next deeper course.
Usefull if you are interested in the low level specifics of NN
Hope to increase the difficulty of programming assignment. : P
This is so much helpful, all thanks to Andrew Ng and his team.
notions explained clearly and in a simple way, thanks andrew !
Great introduction course to learn about deep neural networks.
Excellent teaching of complicated concepts by Prof. Andrew Ng.
excellent course, never got a better and easier NN explanation
Very hands on and provides basic knowledge about deep learning
loved the class material, the flow, and the quizes/assignments
The course  is very good from intro to building neural network
Great Course for the new to neural networks and deep learning.
The course was excellent, outstanding content and methodology.
Practical tutorial! step by step building your neural network.
Thank you, Andrew, this lesson has contributed a lot to me :)
Interesting material, with good reusable software as a result
Excellent Learning Experience , mostly assignment helps a lot
very useful for student who want to learn deep learning basic
Interesting and Effective Course. The instructor is the best.
Andrew has a great teaching, make understandable to every one
step by step and get a lot fun when going through this course
clearly explained  the underlying working of a neural network
The course is prepared in very well. Enjoyed while learning .
A very good start.On to the next part of this specialisation.
Great course to lit me up on Neural Network and Deep learning
Best Course helped me gain knowledge of deep neural networks.
Excellent course for whoever willing to step in Deep learning
Good coverage of the implementation for deep neural networks.
perfect course to start with deep learning and neural network
A very good course to enter into the field of DL by Andrew Ng
Best course ever but the coding part is somehow not satisfied
I have learnt lot thinks of Neural Network And Deep Learning.
I will never forget this opportunity that Coursera gave to me
Very excelent introduction to the AI and deep learning world.
An amazing course with proper intuitions given on the topics.
It is simple and well paced with lots of programming practise
Had fun learning how to implement neural network from scratch
It was one of the best course for Neural Networks Enthusiasts
Pretty well...could be better with more rigorous programming!
Thanks NG and Team. Would Love to code the library in c++ :-D
actually it is very kind for a green hand to onset of the DL!
I am happy that I took the course. It was a great experience!
Course Brilliantly designed to get started with Deep Learning
Easy to follow and very intuitive of the Deep Learning topic.
Best place to start a journey in the field of Deep Learning!!
Very fast and basic introduction to NNs with plenty examples.
video lectures and programming assignments both are the best.
Very good course to understand the insights of deep learning.
Excellent course on deep neural networks. Highly recommended.
It is really helped me to code from scratch.good for beggars.
It was a tremendous start. Thank you Andrew for the approach.
Highly recommended as this course provide hands on experience
Learning experience was great. I learnt a lot in this course.
Good Lecture  Fundamentals of Neural Networks & Deep Learning
Really good introduction to neural networks and deep learning
Thanks Andrew for making this Course very easy to understand.
Great for beginners. Make neural nets with "training wheels".
The course was very detailed. I enjoyed learning this course.
Taught by Andrew Ng can never be less than a five star rating
The most useful and best course! I enjoyed it more than ever!
It's the best course on this topic and precise yet elaborate.
Gives deep insights of neural nets and reinforcement learning
I learnt a from this course Neural Networks and Deep Learning
Perfect start for those who wants to dive in deep learning..!
It's really  a nice course to get started with Deep Learning.
One of the best courses online to get your theories in place!
Thanks for giving a general understanding of Neural Networks.
Great intro to Deep Learning! Andrew makes it seem so simple.
Nice course to learn python implementation of neural networks
Interesting introduction to deep learning and maths behind it
Awesome instructor, how smoothly and easily he is instructing
Great introductory course to start diving into deep learning.
Very nice explanation and hands on with python on neural net.
I love the fact that the instructor uses consistent notation.
Thank you Andrew for invaluable knowledges about neural nets!
nice course to learn basic practical NN, no redundant content
It's incredible that I can understand this magical knowledge.
Very clear explanation, with practical and suitable exercise.
Really many thanks to Andrew Ng to give such amazing classes!
Very good course to remember some details of Neural Networks!
Thanks, Andrew NG.I really learned a lot about deep learning.
Great in teaching basics. Got an overall idea of the process.
Very good introduction. A deeply understand of deep learning.
Excellent course with very clear lessons and great exercises.
NO one can teach better than Andrew NG sirThank you very much
It was good for people who hadn't approached "Deep learning "
Clear and understandable. One of the best courses on coursera
Super easy to follow and really well explained! great course!
Excellent ! I understand many things from this basic course !
lectures are clear and tasks gives you sense of the material.
Good way of getting into deep learning. Nice and gentle pace.
Thank  Andrew Ng for your good job. This course is very good.
Good review of neural networks after machine learning course.
Clear description of theoretical background of deep learning.
Amazing course! I've learnt a lot of the basis. I'm so happy!
I learn a lot from this course, thanks ! It is a grear course
It's the best course on coursera for neural networks start!!!
An excellent way to start knowing about deep neural networks.
Very interesting and excellent for beginning in deep learning
Very thankful for the material learned and the teaching style
I have learned lot, Nicely prepared lectures and assignments.
Andrew NG is an AMAZING teacher!!! Thank you for existing! :)
One of the best course for an introduction to neural networks
very clear explanation of algorithms and intuition behind it.
Thanks to coursera and Andrew Ng to help me learn this course
Absolutely fantastic! Very well explained and easy to follow.
Really helped me strengthen my basic concepts of neural nets.
Great course and overview of modern deep learning techniques.
The programming assignments were the best part of the course.
Clear thought, detailed instructions and practical homeworks.
This course is great for freshmen to explore Neural Networks.
Absolutely wonderful! A great way to get into Deep Learning!!
Great course by Andrew Ng. Looking forward to the next course
Thank you so much Andrew Ng . wonderfull journey. Learn a lot
I enjoyed it very much! like the ipynb way of teaching coding
Truly an exceptional course. You won't regret doing this one.
Great Thanks to Andrew Ng!!! really speed up my learning!!!!!
Wow, this course is exceptional! The best from Andrew Ng yet!
This is a great course! Helps you get the fundamentals right.
Professor Andrew is great!The programming part is also great!
A excellent teacher with easy-understood example and program.
amazing lectures by Andrew  Ng ad a great talk by goodfellow
the best in explaining the complex concepts of deep learning
The concepts of neural network covered very nicely Thank you
Thanks! I learned a lot about deep learning. I'll keep going
Thank you for such well explained and high-quality material!
Good course tostart learning machine learning from the start
One of the best teachers of ML/DL. Good introductory course.
Deep understanding of deep learning. Many thanks Dr. Andrew.
Awesome easy to understand lectures and enjoyable assignment
I loved this course. I highly recommend everyone to take it.
providing strong ground for Neural Network and Deep Learning
Sir, I'm delighted in having attended your course. Thank you
Maybe with a slightly little more math would be even better!
The programming exercises are outstandingly well structured.
The Course was  a great aid in understanding Neural Networks
the best course on ML and the best teacher andrewNG hats off
I liked the course very much, eager to begin the next course
Very nice course for understanding how neural networks work.
Excellent way of explanation. Cleared all concept logically.
Conceptual, well organized, excellent assignments. Thank you
I took a long time..but enjoyed a lot to learn. Just love it
It is a great course to begin in the field of deep learning.
Great Content. Very insightful and Knowledgeable. Thank You!
best recommended if u are in search of a solid understanding
Lucid Content, Proper teaching of Algorithms, and the Maths.
Very informative material and really well-structured course.
This course builts a strong foundtion towards deep learning.
Must course for learning Machine learning and deep learning.
A brilliant course which make the knowledge easier to learn.
A must recommended course to start a journey in deeplearning
In simple words "Best course to start Deep Learning Journey"
Implemented deep learning model, understood backpropagation.
Very easy to understand the theory and programming exercises
I really enjoyed it and learned many things from this course
Excellent course with in-depth explanation of Neural network
Great content, learned a lot. Thanks for making this course.
Excellent workflow in the course. Flawless learning process.
Prof Andrew NG is probably the greatest teacher of all time.
Amazing explanation of the mathematics behind the black box.
Expected nothing less from a course from Professor Andrew Ng
Excellent introduction to neural networks and deep learning!
Great course to make your concepts clear on neural networks.
It's a very simple good start for beginners in deep learning
Very good introductory courseThank You, Andrew and the crew!
Great course to undersatnd deep learning and neural networks
amazing course ,understandable language,best teaching method
It is a wonderful and amazing courses. Thanks for Andrew Ng.
The material, lessons, and assignments are well thought out.
Really helpful in understanding the basics of deep learning.
It is a great course about Deep Learning and very organised.
Course is great! Professor Ng makes complex material simple.
Very good course for someone who is starting to learning NN.
This course is really helpful especially for the green hand.
I learn a lot from it, thanks and I think it is just a start
Simply beautiful, everything you need to know in one course.
very detailed step by step instructions of NN-implementation
I think this course is good at introduction to deep learning
This is just the perfect class for me, Thanks Dr. Andrew Ng.
Highly recommend for deep learning starters. Easy to follow.
Good course to familiarize deep neural networks using python
Awesome course. Very informative. Thank you deep learning.ai
Great course, good understand of Deep Learning fundamentals.
very useful and easy to understand as an intro level course.
If you want to understand Deep learning in depth, go for it!
Very good course and well illustration of deep learning conc
Thanks for the excellent teaching of such an edge technology
Really enjoyed each and every video lecture and assignments.
I am on 2nd week of this course and it really good till now!
Learnt very well with examples gave practical implemetations
Lectures are very thorough and programming exercises are fun
Very well explained course, a lot of material and exercises.
Geat Stuff for the beginners into the world of Deep Learning
Excellent introduction to Neural networks and deep learning.
Andrew Ng is a great tutor. His courses are well-structured.
Excellent explained. Learned a lot even being new to Python.
Excellent. I can't say how much I can recommend this course.
This is an amazing course to get started with Deep Learning.
The instructors, lecture note, and assignments are excellent
A perfect course for any person to begin with Deep Learning.
Excellent Andrew Ng is an eminence and he explains very well
Really clear for each step of mathematic equations' deriving
A excellent course to start your journey with Deep Learning.
Great course introducing the basics of deep neural networks.
Perfect if you have studied some maths and python previously
Wonderful course! Learned a lot! Andrew is an inspiration!!!
Perfect step up from the Machine Learning course by Prof Ng!
Good introduction.  About right mix of math and programming.
Very useful and informative. A great start to deep learning.
Really nice, just what I needed, the tests are very helpful.
Perfect course! Love this series so much! Thank you, Andrew!
Very well done - excellent sequencing and support structures
Clear and helpful, a good course for deep learning starters.
very great course. Complete theorical and practical exercise
Accessible, fun and great experience with Jupyter notebooks!
Best course ever. Easy to understand and easy to implement.
Excellent course in terms of content, teaching and learning
Nice, bit more derivations is always a better thing for me.
interesting course, the topics covered in a simplified way.
Its very very super and interesting course..i love its lots
Perfect course for nearual networks and deep learning start
Fantastic course! Full of new knowledge with easy language!
Very nice course but needed solution videos for assignments
A great course into fundamentals of neural networks! Kudos!
Great Course! Looking forward to taking up the next course.
Great explanation of concepts. Challenging coding exercises
It is a graet course to kickstart the deeplearning concepts
I'm highly recommend this course so many new things learned
Should have given more flexibility on programming exercises
Thanks a lot! Good materials and well prepared assignments!
the method of teaching is amazing and very precise thankyou
It is an awesome course to getting through in Deep Learning
All his courses was useful in developing my personal skills
Great course to get a start to machine learning principles!
Learn to train the Neural Network architecture from scratch
Mr. Andrew is an amazing teacher. This a must learn course!
One of the best courses available to learn neural networks.
Very well taught course with good logistics and assignments
Brilliantly explained. I cant wait to take the next course!
Awesome course. Got an amazing insight about deep learning.
Exceptionally easy to follow style of teaching and content!
It is one of the best course for starting in deep learning.
