Tons of editing errors in lectures, and the programming problems rely more on knowledge of Keras (essentially untaught throughout the course) than they do on understanding of lecture material. A disgraceful end to an otherwise solid course sequence.
Full of appalling errors that have been present for over 1 year.  No one fixes it.  It is clear that since Ng was let go by Stanford and Baidu, he is trying to earn a living with deep learning_ai.  This apparently is not working as the small income from Coursera is not sufficient. As a result the prerecorded classes remain on Coursera to accrue some residual income.  But, Andrew Ng and the staff are apparently gone.Sadly, since these classes are no longer based on REAL Stanford classes the quality has gone downhill.  I would recommend not taking the deeplearng_ai classes.  Stick to classes offered by currently employed professors at established universities--preferably classes that ARE the same as the university classes or, at least, those derived from actual classes.
Keras is required to pass the assignments but no training provided for it. I can learn it myself of course but then the question is this - what am I paying for?
Videos are okay, but exercise is just debuging!
Professor Ng seems a little bit confused about the subject and is making unnecessary analogies rather than going deep into the algorithm and explaining the context as he did in Convolution Neural Networks course. I hope that the videos are revised and professor explains the topic more clearly rather than depicting himself to be confused as well on the topic.
super unorganized!really really bad
It was difficult to follow the programming exercises because many of it had already been written. I think it would be more useful to learn one framework instead of using both keras and tensorflow in one course. I still don't know how to debug any of these frameworks. Without the forums, it would be very difficult to pass the assignments. Sometimes there were bugs in the jupyter notebook, sometimes typos that were misleading. As a result, it took me many hours stuck on one assignment. It would be good if these comments are taken into account for the future classes of this course. I really enjoy Andrew Ng.'s courses but I was disappointed at this last course's assignments.
There are a lot of mistakes in programming assignment. Please update and fix it
Poor submission system. Failed many times to upload and had to redo the assignments. I was using a 250Mbps high speed network. Also course materials are problematic. The instructors are not willing to fix the problems for many years.
I have no idea how we're supposed to walk out of these courses with the knowledge of how to build a neural network. The practice exercises are a joke. It's a bunch of functions taken out of context, with "instructions" on how to complete each. I don't understand how to do any of it, and I passed all the quizzes.This specialization gets good reviews because people love Andrew, and although I'm sure he's a great guy, these courses provide no real practical information on how to build neural networks from scratch. I don't even know where to begin, and at this point I'm just copying solutions from the internet to complete the projects so I can just get my completion certificate.I only recommend taking this from a theoretical perspective. If you're looking to get started with deep learning from a practical standpoint, look elsewhere. This isn't worth it.
I will remember this course for all bad reasons.  Poorly written programming assignments. These things not only wasted the time but days in doing the nonsense. It must be understood that people who are enrolled in such courses and specializations are doing it in their part-time and wasting their time in solving someone else's crap is totally not acceptable. I will never recommend this specialization to anyone.  It is a waste of resources (time, money and energy).
Dry and uninformative. Immense space for improvement. Corrections should be made to videos instead of having numerous revisions comments after lecture. Some variables introduced haphazardly. Notation not explained well, some clashing with linear algebra conventions. Coding exercises are elementary hyper guided.
I would like to abandon this course and stop paying for a course I want to prepare better before maybe launching a new attempt..
TensorFlow and Keras basics are not covered. The course states no pre-requisites as well. This was really disappointing.
many ideas where not clear and more application use cases needed.
Not as good as other 4 courses of the specialization
Not practical, Assignments can drain your energy.
The explanation is not quite clear in this course
Glitchy Notebook, Minimal assistance at forums.
This one is way more difficult than the rest:(
Poor and unclear explaination, waste of time
very long with many unnecessary videos
Not practical and just complicated!
can't submit the last assignment.
The last assignment was shit..
Unclear
The lectures were great. Andrew is a wonderful teacher, but the assignments were beyond miserable. Jupyter notebook is probably the least stable, most infuriating piece of software that I've been forced to interact with. I spent countless hours trapped, not able to perform the most basic of operations, such as saving my work or submitting. I lost work innumerable times. I, like others, eventually resorted to "saving" my work by copying it into a text editor on my system for fear of Jupyter sabotaging me. Even if the system was stable, most of the assignments were worthless as learning experiences. The majority of "programming" boiled down to playing a cryptic game of fill in the blank. Bottom line, I wouldn't recommend this class to anyone in its current state. Especially as a paid service. I really expected better quality.
This course is by far the weakest out of the 5 course sequence. I did well in it (96.8%) but I think the programming exercises did not help build understanding of sequence models. Often I found myself just trying to get through the programming because I felt it was more an exercise in reading Keras documentation. I think you can pass this course without a solid understanding of what is going on in the sequence models. The programming exercises should be revamped to focus more on understanding what is happening in the program rather than trying to figure out Keras syntax (which is also useful, but perhaps better suited for a prep course).
Unfortunately considerably a subpar course compared to the other four in the specialization. Programming assignment is a mess - wrong formulas presented, nowhere near enough Keras's tutorials, etc. Every assignment is passed by browsing the forum looking for help from other people. It is unclear to the point of being annoyed (got someone in the forum cancel his subscription). However, lectures are fine and sequence models cover a wide range of areas/applications, so you can't miss it anyway.
Assignments don't match the quality of the other four courses of this specialization. Automatic grading accepts solutions despite results not matching expected results. This should be fixed.
Assignments were extremely didactic; there was no room for creativity. They were not transparent and gave a minimal idea of how to implement these things properly. Course moderators did not bother to answer any of my queries, making the course even less intellectually stimulating. The lectures were monotonous,  and hence, I was having trouble finding them to be very engaging. Although, the professor did give some insightful points. In conclusion, I wouldn't recommend this course to someone unless they are extremely novice programmers. Yet, one may refer to the videos to gain some conceptual clarity on specific topics.
This course felt rushed. Especially, the programming assignments, which had many errors and were frustrating at time. It is still worth it since the content is really good -- only if you are willing to go through the frustration during the programming exercises.
This one went a little fast for me, can't say that I'm confident on the shapes of tensors going through RNNs and why
Many topics are only quickly skimmed over. Serves as an overly brief introduction to RNN.
This course has many inconsistencies and errors in the homework. Seems like a rushed job.
some optional exercises are wrong, wasted a lot of time on LSTM backward propagation
I went through all course of DeepLearning.ai Specialization. While I was more, or less happy with first 4 courses in this specialization, I have a very bad impression regarding "Sequence Models" course. Actually, quality of the courses is gradually declining, starting from 5 stars for very first course in specialization, ending with 2 stars for "Sequence Models"."Sequence Models" course is *disappointing*. It leaves you with bunch of scratches on the surface of technology without any details and/or understanding of how technology works. In simple words, it is not the course, it is bad overview of just few technologies. In order to get similar comprehension of technologies delivered in first four courses of this specialization you will need to spend a lot more time digging for information elsewhere.Same issue with homework assignments. They are a bit helpful for technology understanding to some small extent, but they do lack depth.Whole "Sequence Model" course looks like compromised/failed attempt to explain fairly complex material to newcomers. As a result, newcomers won't understand anything due to complexity of the matter, experienced engineers won't take away anything due to simplified explanations and absence of details.If you do not plan to get a DeepLearning.ai Specialization certificate, I do not recommend to buy this course. Unfortunately, it will be a waste of your time and money.
If it could improve assignment accuracy, it will be better
there are a lot of mistakes in programming assignments.
As a course i think this was way too fast and also way too assumptive. I wish the instructions were a bit slow and we broke down more into designing bilstms and how they work and more simple programming excercises. As a whole i think 1 full week of material is missing from this course which would concentrate on the basic RNN building for GRUs and LSTMs and then move on to applications. I usually do not review these courses and they are pretty standard but this course left me wanting and i will consult youtube and free repos to learn about it better. I did not gain confidence on my understanding.  Barely scraped through the assignments after group study and consulting people who know this stuff  (which defeats the purpose of this course i believe. It is to enable me with concrete understanding and ability to build these models . It shouldn't lead me to consult others and clear out doubts .)
i really learned from this course some ideas on recurrent neural net, but the assignments of this course are not completely ready for learners and are full of mistakes which have existed for more than a year. those mistakes in the assignments mislead learners pretty much if they do not study some discussion threads of the forum. this course has the lowest quality among all of Dr. Andrew Ng's. before the updated versions, a learner had better have a look at the assignments discussion forum before starting the assignments.
The subject is fascinating, the instructor is undoubtly competent, but there is a strong feeling of lower quality with respect to the other 4 courses in the Spec (in particular the first 3). Many things in this course are only hinted to, without many details. Man things are just said but not really explained. Many recording errors as well. Maybe another week could have helped in having a little more depth in the subject
Although the course lectures are great, as are all the lectures in this specialization, some of the assignments have rough edges that need to be smoothed out. It is particularly frustrating for those trying to work on the optional/ungraded programming assignment sections that have some incorrect comparison values, as much time will be wasted trying to figure out the source of the error.
Unfortunately, this course is the less valuable in the specialization. Programming assignment very interesting but no introduction to Keras. To pass the assignments, forum support has been vital.  I also found lectures not clear even to the point that to catch some concepts you have to google around for more resources. Unfortunately, I could not suggest this course.
Getting the input parameters correct for the Keras assignments is on par with the satisfaction of dropping a ring, contact lens, or an expensive object into the sink, and spending an hour looking for it inside the disassembled pipes, through built up hair debris and molded dirt.
Overall a great course, thanks to Andrew NG for his great explanations. But a very bad support, I faced many issues in submitting the assignment due to technical issues (notebook not saving) but no dedicated resource to help me. I spend lot of time in resolving my self.
Feels again like authors tried to put everything into just a couple of weeks, thus the course turned out to be messy with lots of details hidden. Even though there was a lot to learn, I am still not sure if I understand correctly how to build a simple sequence model.
Really good to understand the basics, however, it doesn't use the latest TF2 and the exercises are either trivial because too much pre-worked, or too hard because it doesn't give the information required to succeed.This course really needs to be updated.
Programming assignment instructions are not well written (clear), and as a result it is easy to get stuck on something of little relevance to deep learning. Also, I would suggest that you make the lecture notes in written format available.
The lectures cover the basic design of the models but don't help teaching you how to actually use them.  I learned more by reading blogs to get the programming assignments to work then this course.
Lectures/Videos were excellent, the assignments were very poor (loads of errors in the code not corrected over 7 months since the course went live)
Good introduction to the concepts. Really poor quality videos and exercises. Very frustrating when working on the assignments.
Good lectures. Programming assignments are useless fill-in-the-blank exercises, you don't really learn much from them.
The programming assignments really are like pulling teeth.  There's not really enough guidance leading up to them.
The course videos and the programming assignments were lacking.  And there was no support in the forums.
Spent more time trying to work around a buggy grader than learning the underlying concepts.
Too hard to understand compared to the previous coursed in this specification.
Little unsatisfied with the final part of the specialization.
Lack of Keras training made it often hard to do layer code.
This course needs more instruction on Keras.
Poor explanation for alot of things
I really like the deeplearning.ai specialization. And also I like the Sequence Models course. However, I feel that I have learned less during this course comparing to the other ones in the specialization. First, I believe it was an extensive use of Keras. Whereas the framework is great, it would be much better for understanding if all the exercises were in numpy, whereas Keras tween-projects be optional.  Doing both numpy and Keras versions would allow to better understand the material and learn through repetition. Second, even though the course is great, I perceived the number of errors/typos was much higher than in other courses. Is that true? For example, the Jazz Improvisation exercise was a nightmare. Overall, thank you for the course. Despite those problems, I would still recommend it.
5 stars for the very informative lectures.  I especially appreciated the amount of content related to de-biasing models.  Such an important step to take!2 stars for the HW assignments, however.  I felt like I was just translating comments into code and that I didn't really learn enough to do sequence model development on my own without the hand-holding.
in comparison to the previous courses from this sequence, this one is even less structured - ptobably this is because even broader knowledge is tried to be shown in only 3 weeks, but i feel like a lot is skipped between videos (which are ok) and the tasks - in many assignment tasks in this course it is not very well explained what is meant to be done - i mean this especially in case of Keras objects. In many cases it is quite unclear how those classes are supposed to be handled in the context of our task. There are some hints but those are mostly links to documentation (btw, some of the links are no longer up to date), but it is often not too well explained which properties those objects have, what one can do etc. so one ends up with trying using those objects in different configuarations, then googling around, looking on the course forum for the right answer but it is very difficult to derive it. There should be more precise instructions regarding handling Keras objects - the examples in the documentation and in blogs are often much simpler than those from assignments so one ends up not knowing what is going on. In summary - there is a big jump and a big gap between the intuitions in videos (which btw are much more fuzzy than those in first cources in the specialization, the intuitions get more and more superfluous as one doesnt go into detail) and what is being done in the assignments. One thing i really liked about hte previous assignments was that when writing the code one could really know very well what is going on. And this is no longer the case in this course...
As we head to the last course in the specialization (and the last two courses are the ones that interested me), we have error after error in the assignments, including problems with the kernel that are not obvious until you've struggled with incoherent stack trace output for a while.Searching the disorganised discussion centre for the course/week in question you can find that these errors affect everyone and go back for a couple of years, never having been fixed. The mentors there help explain, but mentors cannot edit to fix the code as they do not have permission, and the course supervisors have long since disappeared. So you have to submit incorrect code to pass, then fix the code for your personal private code store - as the fixed code generates the correct numerical answers that unfortunately do not match the numerical answers that the grader requires to pass you!It feels like, in the hurry to get the full specialization out, the final courses go downhill in terms of care & attention in the rush. Then afterwards, all of the errors and badly designed code in the assignments cause many unexpected headaches, nothing to do with DL, and were never fixed or maintained afterwards by the course supervisors. In the end, the delays caused to me in the final (two) course(s) added at least one extra monthly payment on to my subscription. Overall I can't complain, the specialization is good. But feels abandoned by the lecturer & assistant lecturers since early 2018
It's helpful to have this course since there aren't enough beginner-oriented courses on these topics, especially ones that also get into actual equations like he does. However I think he doesn't provide enough explanations of complicated topics like GRU's and LSTM's. There are lots of confusing aspects of both such technologies, and he could afford to spend even more time in explanation than he does.EDIT: I am now on week 2. This course feels rushed and he doesn't take the time to clarify confusing issues - for example, when he first introduces how to learn word embeddings he calls the neural network you use a "language model" even though the network bears no resemblance to the language model we learned in week 1. This really confused me and he doesn't address this point. Also, he variously describes the embeddings as the "input" and the "parameters" of this neural network, even though those are clearly two different things. There are more issues where that came from.Unlike all of his previous courses, I've found myself needing to go to Wikipedia and Google to try to fill in various holes in the presentations here.Also, there is essentially no help on the forums. That isn't the reason for my low rating, since for a cheap course I didn't expect much. Still, it would have been nice if they had tried to do a little bit more there.
Unlike the other courses which Andrew Ng provides, this one contains many spelling mistakes in the programming assignment, the programming assignments are less structured and understandable (missing or wrong information in nearly every assignment) and an introduction to keras is missing. I found it great that the keras framework is an important component of this course, but unlike the tensorflow introduction it is missing here. It is frustrating, when you might have the right functions but no information how to input and determine the correct variables for the functions. Anyway I found the outline of the course very good as it gives a good overview of many methods and how they work. To my mind the consistency of the assignments and also the story telling needs to be improved to reach the level of other courses where Andrew is involved. It appeared more chaotic and the complexity of the algorithms is overwhelming, so a better introduction to how they work, might be appealing. In the end, I worked through it and I gained a basic understanding of keras and RNN algorithms. So it was definitely worth it.
A nice course after all, but I expected something more. It is valuable if you know nothing about RNN and NLP, or if you know something and want to go a little deeper and work on some guided keras examples.What it is not, is an in depth RNN course. It's very short: in my case the 3 weeks boiled down to 2.5 fulltime days. Not enough for a full review of the topic.Homeworks are interesting but:-very simple, no large scale application-small dataset-short rounds of CPU training: no GPU, no access to server clusters-keras layers are used without much explanation about it, this is sad since keras docs is really incomplete about usage examples. I'm referring to calling an LSTM layer inside a loop to manually create all the timestep stucture!-keras layers are used that have never been introduced in the course (such as BatchNormalization)-often heuristics for network topology and hyperparameter values are not clearly explained, leaving the student with no insights on how to approach different tasks
The subject matter was a good introduction to various RNN model types and concepts.  I have to dock a couple stars, however, as the course leans so heavily on Keras implementations during the assignments that it really should be listed as a firm requirement.  While I feel that I'm more experienced with both RNN models and the use of Keras now, it was a struggle with what felt like a lot of cargo culting for me to get through most of the assignments.  I don't consider the brief lesson on Keras at the end of the second course to be sufficient training, particularly if much time has passed between taking that course and this one.  A brief "Lesson 0" on Keras is sorely needed at the beginning of this course.  Otherwise, it should be explicitly and firmly communicated at the start that the programming assignments require a certain familiarity with the Keras framework.  Overall, I do highly recommend this course, but be forewarned about the need to be familiar with Keras before starting.
The material provides a strong overview of sample problems for which sequence models work well. However, the class doesn't give users the conceptual mastery needed to apply sequence models to new or related problems. The issue is that the motivation and concepts underlying new architectures aren't well-explained (they're often an afterthought at the end of a lecture). This approach to teaching feels backwards.

Specific issues: Week 2 & 3 homework treats lecture material as mostly black boxes so they aren't particularly illustrative. The week 3 Attention Model lectures make no sense, are taught in reverse order, and feel unfocused (with apologies, I know there's a bad pun there; it's not intentional). In Week 3, I ended up skipping to the homework because I found lecture exasperating; to my surprise, the Markdown comment boxes in the Python notebooks explained the material better than lecture did.
Toward the end of the specialization, there seemed to be a noticeable drop in both the quality of instruction and the programming assignments.  Course 5 on sequence models was much more "hand wavy" than Course 4 on convolution models.  At the end of Course 5, I'm still not sure if I learned anything meaningful other than filling in a few blank lines of code to complete the assignment.  There was much less intuition provided about the nature of recurrent nets, and then translating that to code was foggy.  More attention needs to be paid to how and what the framework is actually doing, not just giving hints at filling the blanks.Finally, the grader especially in week 3 caused me many, many hours of wasted time and frustration chasing phantom problems in the notebook.  Coursera and/or deeplearning.ai does not pay much attention if any to solving the grader or other systemic problems.
The best part of the course are "intuitions" presented by Prof. Ng. The worst parts are technical problems with Coursera infrastructure, and insufficient number of mentors available to offer suggestions. For example, in forums there are some doubts about the optional parts of assignments (bad formulas etc.), but these quite valid questions are just not addressed by anybody. I would also suggest adding a separate course on Keras as a part of the specialization, because the Keras introduction offered in a specialization is way too basic. This makes it quite difficult to go through the assignments for the sequential models. It would also be helpful to extend the last two courses to five weeks or so, to cover course material in more details.
The lectures are great, but the assignments are not: apart from the hours wasted restarting notebooks (!), I've found very frustrating to have to go between "write `j = 0` on the next line" to "figure out Keras documentation by yourself, the grader will only tell you `it's wrong`" (Keras having such a horrendous API, with many functions having 20+ arguments, and sometimes the course tells you to specify an argument that's not even in the documentation!).There is no balance between the two (you're mostly told "write this, write that", with no space for thinking as in the first course of the specialisation) and the assignments are primarily a chore you have to go through, even though you won't learn much, if anything, from them.
Really big struggle with dinos, versions of workbooks, and sometimes no logical way to explain why grader does not validate a working notebook. Pain, frustration, taking away time from proper learning.On the course itself, some exercices felt like toying (e.g. very simple function to check if a time_segment already exists) in the middle of a keras deep learning model, where learning debugging, setting up smaller ones would have helped me learn more I think.Still not sure I am at ease with creating models, we experimented various ways over the specialisation, and the selection of model architecture or even tuning after 1st running version is still mostly guess work to me. Will need to digest and keep learning
This course provides great introduction to RNN and other sequence models and their application to popular fields such as NLP and audio processing. It does great job in providing the motivation and intuition behind the creation of such sequence models (e.g. LSTM, GRU, Word2vec, GloVe), however I feel that the theoretical explanations need to have more depth. During this course I had to refer to other websites to gain more technical understanding about LSTM and GRU. The programming exercises are nice, they cover many popular topics such as NLP, speech, and music processing, but I struggled when doing it in Keras. I wish some pointers were provided on where to learn it before doing the assignments.
Too many stability issues on the platform to get the notebook up and running.Few bugs and errors on lectures and exercises, if they are found by the community you should update the material even if it involves recording a video again. Too much time spent on the notebooks figuring out "side" stuff that is not what I am here to learn. While on the course for CNN it covered the state of the art of the field, in LSTM I think there is much more that could have been explained. I have missed examples on other type of problems like forecasting time series, events and other more business like applications.Still I learnt a lot and would do it again.
Although the course content is very useful, the hurry in which the course was put together does show. Video was clearly under-edited (as is apparent by Andrew repeating some statements in the expectation that the previous one would be edited out), and the auto graders caused me to waste many more hours than truly needed to get my assignments in a format that would be accepted. Finally, I was very disappointed at the fact that the specialization was launched and then the last course pulled out, so I had to pay two months even though I had budgeted my own time to finish it in one.
Nice to learn how RNN's work. But too rough around the edges for a 5-star score. Good points: I learned RNNs, language models and many other useful techniquesSubject matter is mostly well explained in the lecturesOriginal authors of a technique are citedBad points:Some things should be explained more elaborately while other explanations can be shorter, especially in the assignments.Mistakes in the editing in the audio clips of the lecturesMistakes in the notebooks, sometimes non-intuitive/bad coding principles are used
To be completely honest, I loved Dr. Andrew's method of teaching. But the assignments just flew over my head because I didn't have enough hours of practice of Keras under my belt. I know Keras is there to make things easy but it's very difficult to just trying to pass the grader. To goal of assignments was fantastic, I mean, generating music, etc. sounds really amazing but I feel that if there was some more time given to make us better in Keras and other technicalities then I would've loved this course much more!
Good but i expected more. The main thing i like about first 3 courses, they were really deep. In the last two courses we have skipped the backpropogation. Now this is something which you can keep optional. I like the way Andrew Ng teaches, going to the basics, and that is why I came here and paid 40 euros per month. Also, there are few stuff missing like Generative models, Adversarial networks, GAN and etc. It would be good if Andrew can have more courses related to this and deep (as it is deep learning :))
By far the most difficult of the 5 courses but giving it a lower review since the programming assignments are rushed through to finish 2-3 in 1 week which gets hectic & understanding of key concepts is lost. Also, it would help if more time is spent in the videos to explain the concept/model/algorithm used in the assignments since I close to understood nothing from the assignments in spite of completing them. Finally, the instructions too were not clear in the assignments.
Interesting and full of excellent lectures as always for Andrew Ng. The programming assignments quality was not as good as the other courses in the Deep Learning specialisation though. They drop straight into Keras with no information/introduction, use several complex model architectures without explanation,  in week 3 4 out of the 5 'your code' exercises were about audio sampling, not very relevant.  Again, excellent lectures, just not great programming examples.
Sorry to say they dropped the ball on this one. The last course of this specialisation has the most advanced topics thrown at you in just three weeks, and it's even more cookbook-like than in the previous courses. The material of this part of the specialisation would require a whole course in itself, perhaps for +10 weeks. Here, I found it is at best a guide for self-study, _if_ you have the time for that. Also, support in the forums was very minimal.
The scope of this course was highly relevant to me, but unfortunately many of the class materials were broken or otherwise incorrect, making some ungraded portions of the assignments difficult or impossible to achieve.  Activity on the discussion boards indicates many people have tripped over this for at least the better part of a year, but no corrections have been made.  This was quite frustrating and wasted a good amount of my time.
I took this course after a long pause after I finished the first 3 courses. I would NOT recommend doing it that way. As a result, I felt rusty on some of the coding practices. I think the course gives great introductory information on RNNs and LSTMs. The first two weeks of the course are spot on. However, I think the third week is lacking. I had hard time making a connection between the lecture material and the assignments.
This course was at a really high-level and barely scratches the surface of Sequence Models. Didn't really go into much detail behind any of the theory, and the programming assignments were mostly done for us, so you don't really end up learning much. You certainly won't be ready to have a job solving NLP problems after taking this course. If you want that, you're better off going through actual college courses online.
The course content and Andrew Ng are great. The submission process of the assignments is absolutely dreadful. You might get 0 points for correct answers or not, depeding on...well, I have no idea on what. Maybe it's Jupyter Notebook, maybe it's Keras or maybe it's something else. But you must have good search engine skills, since you will most likely spend a lot of time in searching the discussion forum for answers.
too much information for such a short course. We only get a very superficial understanding of concepts with very little practice to solidify our understanding. The assignments involve implementing very small parts of much bigger systems. I guess the course is ok to get a general idea of the concepts but for deeper understanding of the topics a longer course or multiple courses would be needed.
This is a very interesting topic. However, I believe the course itself can be improved. I believe there can be more information about NLP and sequence models in lectures. It would be nice to add lectures with practical suggestions about training and tuning sequence models. There were lots of typos and mistakes in notebooks that were found by other fellow students and not addressed by mentors.
The course overall isn't as good as the previous 4 ones especially for the PA part, I can pass the grader even with wrong output. The PA improvement sometimes just create more discrepancy. The PA is just a walk through of how to building those basis models, but those little bugs will drain extra hours to figure out. I think this course is kind of a prototype one especially on PA part.
Compared to the previous courses, this was a disappointment. There is not as much content as I expected and the homework exercises are not well prepared. If one spends more time with debugging than with "learning concepts" in a basic course like this, then something seems wrong. Moreover, in a situation where so many people pay so much money (because of Andrew Ng's credit)...
That was tough, how the weights are stored and their dimensions inside the 'time steps' can be explained by adding one more video, btw the course is awesome if you want to learn the basics of sequence models, you should have completed the previous 4 courses before diving into this. I will always remain thankful to Andrew Ng for providing this type of platform.
Positives : Excellent lecture material. Assignments broadly are well structured. HIgh bar set by Andrew Ng.   Negatives: Assignments have too many errors and mistakes as of Jan 2019 (especially but not only in the optional / ungraded sections) for me to be confortable 100% recommending the course. Instructions for assignments are also not fully fleshed out.
This course is good for introduction to sequence networks, but I felt this is not at par with the previous course 4 (CNN). This feels a bit hurriedly done, with many important things only just touched upon. This should have been a 4 week course like the previous module. Then due attention could have been given to the field of speech, audio, sequence domain.
The course is generally good. However there are some issues with lecture videos editing (some sentences are said multiple times), and with activities (e.g. default settings hardcoded in one of notebooks, didn't let have output shown as reference, also in some cases automated grader has some assumptions, which need to be found using trial and error method).
I've got mixed feelings about the whole Specialization. Many very interesting topics, but on the other hands I don't feel like there's any takeaway knowledge for me. Until the very end I've been feeling completely lost in the exercices. I'm proud to have been able to hold on until the end but I'm not sure it's been an useful use of my time.
Really interesting course with fascinating applications. However, in terms of difficulty, it is a significant step up from all the previous courses. A lot of time is spent figuring out the syntax even though the concepts are crystal clear. ( Probably as it is a collaboration with NVIDIA). The programming assignments could be improved.
It´s a fairly good course, with lots of cool topics covered on it.  My main complain would be that the subjects covered are dense enough to be arranged on a four or even five week course. Instead, for some reason, all the stuff has been squeezed within three weeks, which makes the lectures shallow and rather cryptic most of the time.
The course was great, as ever. But some of the programming exercises were very frustrating. Oscillating from very easy to very difficult, with some unclear (and sometimes erroneous) instructions. I felt this was in sharp contrast with the previous 4 courses of this specialisation, for which the course and exercises were perfect.
the course covered a lot of essentials and gave me a rough idea of how stuff NLP and sequence models work. Though at the same time the content often left me confused and overwhelmed. the Convolutional Networks course was far better. Overall its great work and I am thankful for hard work put behind the complete specialization.
Great lectures, great teacher!I would have given 5 stars but for the problems in the exercises / grader. Some problems that are know for weeks or even months are not resolved. This causes many wasted hours for many hundreds of students. Please solve this and make it a 5 star course.Many thanks to Andrew Ng and the mentors!
The programming tasks were very simple. I doubt that you can really learn anything when you just need to copy the text from the task description and paste it. The content of the tasks was excellent, but the level of personal involvement was minimal.In addition, the information in the course is already outdated.
The lectures were OK ... better LSTM tutorial by Chris
OlahThe exercises really need some review ... very frustrating ... and not all that illuminating .The course was a good intro to DNN ... but I think either replace Week 3 - Structuring ML Projects with a course on Keras ... or add a course just on Keras.
The course does not explain how to use Keras (it's assumed you've finished the previous course). What's more a lot of code parts is implemented in some difficult way (for loops instead of Python's builtins and idioms like any or list comprehensions). I'd love to see more materials on speech recognition.
I guess as the subject matter becomes more complex, more training is required on the underlying frameworks being used- Keras, TensorFlow etc. Did not feel that sufficient time was spent on understanding the underlying frameworks. Also the TA work is of spotty quality. But I love the way Andrew teaches.
The assignments were not good i think. Because they explained the consepts too long and complicated as like we've never seen these on lectures. I was waiting assignment  to require more insight about architecture and less python programming knowledge. This comment is for week1 assignments in special.
Programming assignments were not to the level of the prior courses in the series. Should have more illustration of using Keras/Tensorflow. Assignments either were too spoon fed or there was too little reference information whereas prior courses had a good balance. Many of the keras links are dead.
For me, there was a large gap on time between when course 4 and 5 were offered (months).  This unfortunately was enough for me to forget everything I learned about Keras.  Of course, this course assumes you know Keras so I was behind for the labsMaterial is interesting though.
Of the courses in the specialization, this one seemed the least organized and rushed. Some of the assignments had some annoying auto-grader quirks that made troubleshooting a pain. Overall it is still worthwhile, just be ready to search forums for help during the assignments.
Too many thing introduced in programming assignments without explanation. Why the high dropout values? Why sometimes one dropout layer, sometimes two? Many things are just given as a formula, and not explained in a way that would let me make my own network for my own problem.
The lessons are very good as always, but I'd like to be tested more in the programming exercises rather than literally being told what to do and then fill in missing parts of already completed code. Still super glad I took the specialisation, it has been extremely helpful.
Had to rate this lower due to problem with the final assignment. Submission and saving situation was a nightmare, I had to redo my work several times. Please fix this, it's a real downer at the end of the course. Otherwise, content stellar as always.
The course content is pretty good for breadth. However, it falls short in going into depth. Assignments need to be more open-ended and probably a bit more involved. It appears that we are cutting and pasting code that is already written in comments.
This course presents an interesting review of several strategies that are part of the state of the art. However, it is impossible to assimilate how they work in the time devoted to each one. The "fill in the blanks" exercises do not help much.
This course gives a nice overview of sequence models. If it is true that I do not have an engineering background, I felt it got sometimes a little bit too abstract as compared to other courses of the specialisation. However, I recommend it.
I would advise giving more tutorials about TensorFlow and Keras. Those are your main tools and eventually, in many cases we were only required to complete the gaps which don't give you a true understanding of how to use those frameworks.
The programming exercises can be better polished, there was quite a few errors that caused unnecessary confusion to the students. Many times, I felt like I was fighting with the Keras/Tensorflow API rather than solving a ML problem.
Courses had some issues with the grader, and there were some instances where the expected output in the assignment didn't match the actual output, despite it being correct.See forums for a range of complaints on the matter.
Need more detailed explanation and programming assignments are way too easy.I would suggest to make advanced courses for people to improve their knowledge keeping all this courses also considering not all feel it very easy.
In comparison with other courses in this specialisation a lot of assignments were poor quality - vague descriptions and code logic (especially week1, asign 2 & 3)  or  just broken (last week3 assignment)
With respect to the others, this one seems to be prepared almost in a hurry and the learning curve is very steep and sometimes the programming assignment don't have a nice progression as the others.
Videos were really informative and were equally interesting, but I believe that the programming assignments lacked a bit in clarity. The instructions were really unclear, it could have been better
Quite a few bugs or abstractions in this course, in comparison to the others the projects feel a bit rushed and pushed together. Andrews's explanations and video lectures were still great though.
this course is the most difficult in deep learning specification, but i think Andrew NG should design more homework for word embeddings and bidirectional rnn, i do not understand how it works yet
The course was great. However, coming from finance I was also hoping to see some examples which use time series so I can get a picture of how I can extend this knowledge to my specific domain.
The module was really good in explaining the concepts, but there wasn't any deep dive on the equations and mathematics behind with the results of making the code assignment harder to achieve.
I gave 5 stars to other courses in this series but this one doesn't deserve 5 stars. There were many typos and bugs in the assignments compared to the other courses of the specialization.
Video Lectures were excellent.Assignments, however, were buggy and spoonfed you too much. I completed them, but on more than one occasion, I had no idea what the code was actually doing.
Boring course:Short videos instead of lections.Copy-paste task instead of exercises.Loading pretrained models instead of training.Good full keras tutorial will be ten times more useful.
The lectures were not as good as the previous andrew ng. courses, and the exercises were quite bad in all honesty.I do appreciate what I have learned, as the lectures WERE clear enough.
Just one observation, the general view I have from this course is very positive but compared to the other courses the program exercises in this course are more difficult to understand.
A good introduction in Sequence models. Unluckily the programming assignments are more of a guess work then real knowledge as there are too few possibilities to check the own code.
Despite being a great introduction to many NLP concepts, the programming exercises are a bit too much "fill-in-the-blanks" and not challenging enough. It is still a great course !
Course contents were very good, but the assignments could have been improved a lot. Couldn't get much value out of the assignments rather than blindly following the instructions.
The class covered too less on the Sequence models such as LSTM and GRU. It has too much domain knowledge related videos.  Also, it does not have any video related to Time Series.
The videos are good, however the assignments are too long with sooooo many text inside. You have to make it more efficient somehow.But thank you anyway for the great content!
Assignments in this course are relatively  less organized. You have to read a lot of description first and then code and have to go back/forth between code and description.
I believe that the course needs more time allocated to the incremental teaching of this rather large subject area with varied applications. Just needs to be a better way.
The course was especially interesting in week 2 and 3, but the assignments for week 1 were confusing and sometimes it was hard to follow where the logic was coming from.
This was the most difficult to understand course in the whole specialization. Would have enjoyed more if the course material was a little more spaced and elaborated on.
The first week is amazing. The last week is the worst! Andrew starts nicely; but as he goes to the second and third weeks, he hardly explains why he does what he does.
Practical Assignments with Keras wasn't motivating. I spend more time to deep into the Keras rather than into the course topic. I prefer them to be using TF or Python.
The supports in keras programming was so poor, that I could not quite understand each step. And the server was horrible, always got 405 response when saving my codes.
This course should be broken into 4 weeks and spend more time building skills with Keras.  The number of hours listed next to each assignment is unrealistically low.
The lecture was great but the errors in the programming assignment (especially in formal-typed formulas) really wasted a lot of time and make me confusing at first.
The ideas presented here were clear, however I found the programming assignments non-intuitive and not practical. I spent on them way more time than I wish i had.
I enjoyed all the courses, from my personal point of view this course was not that fun as the other courses. Except for the trigger assignment it was awesome!
Too much was given in external python code for the first week's assignment (that should be learnt by us): not a good thing for us to gain a good understanding
Worst course of the specialization, content is interesting and Andrew keeps explaining really well but programming assignments are clearly of a lower quality
The course is great but the tasks in Keras are too complex without background knowledge. Therefore, a reasonable introduction in Keras would be desirable.
Far less detailed than the other ones. The programming assignements are less interesting too, as a great part of the work consist of reading documentation
There were lot of bugs in the assignments taking up lot of time to fix.  The course was okay, I liked the other courses in the specialization more.
The Keras programming exercises are quite weak. Please re-think how to teach them more systematically. Currently it is quite a lot of hit and miss.
There was a bug in a programming assignment notebook that took too much time to notice that i was doing ok but the expected ouptut was wrong
The programming  assignments required some extra effort to understand Keras which I thought may need an introduction video like tensorflow.
Several grader issues, only 3 weeks of work, and a lot of errors in the solutions... In addition, less content than in the other courses...
The earlier courses were easy to understand, however, this was way too difficult. Andrew Ng did not make this easy like the other courses.
Compared with previous courses, this one seems to be rushed. The focus on applications seems to be much higher than the theoretic side.
Not as great as the other courses in the specialisation. The assignments can be a little off putting, but lectures are top class again.
Week 1 took double time to be completed. Times proposed for the assingnement are underestimated.Please readjust the assingement time.
Assignments are not up t the mark.. Expected to have high vocabulary size word embedding assignment, Machine Translation assignments
This course was good but in comparison to the other courses in the deeplearning course series, this course lacked adequate depth.
The course is a good course because the lecture Ng.W ,but the exercises is not easy for our beginers for such tools like kears.
The programming assignments in this course are difficult to implement. The detail descriptions are needed inside the notebooks.
Good subject, but a lot of the course material (like lecture slides and problem sets) was either unavailable or out of date.
The videos  are great - however it would be useful to provide some help on how to implement the concepts programatically.
Not as good as the previous courses in the series, and some of the assignments where broken, and super hard to debug.
The content covered is interesting, but I feel like the explanations are not as intuitive as the previous 4 courses
Nice but little stressful. After completing 5 courses in a row, really feeling exhausted. Thanks for the good work.
Quite a lot of bugs in the first week examples. It took me too much time until I browsed the discussion forums.
the videos are programming assignments need some serious updates, too many typos and wrong information present
I think you have to know more keras than is explained in the course. The keras documentation it is not enough.
An average course, it is detailed though some of the ending materials get too difficult for me to comprehend.
Assignments are very buggy and instructions misleading or incomplete. However the core material is excellent
Require a little depth, considering the complexibility. At least 4 Week course should be their instead of 3
There were a lot of issues with the notebook especially, for the week 3. The concepts were well explained.
Would have required more of the "intuition" building material. Worst of the 5 course series, but still ok!
Contents are way too easy and the video recordings are often a bit broken (repetition, blank audio, etc.)
incredibly boring. I mean at some task you literally asked to type in "= False" instead "= None". Really?
There are some mistakes need to be correct in the assignments. Still a lot of improvements can be made.
The assignments should be improved. More prep on Keras will help improve the efficiency of learning.
The practical tasks is bad. You are simply needed to rewrite formulas to python most of the time.
Very interesting topic but coding exercices and quizzes were a bit clunky and in need for ironing
The content is super interesting, but the assignments are more of the same 'fill in the blank'.
Put to much focus into getting the Keras code to work instead of truly learning the algorithms.
I found this very hard to follow along.  The concepts were too heavy and needs a slower pace.
Really Nice course. Could have been more fun if Keras and it's functioning had more focus.
Course is got but grader compilations are horrible spent more time on them than the course
Not as good as structured in explanation nor in programming assigments as the last ones.
This is only good enough, not good course. All previous ones were 5 stars, definitely!
Overall a great class. I had some trouble understanding the programming assignments.
This felt the the least prepared and organized course of the series, unfortunately.
Good theoretical overview - project just require you to fill in lines of code
I found this course boring and also too many assignments in a single week.
Issues with assignments. Took more than 4 hours to figure out the problem.
This was the least clear course among the others. The others were great!
Would like to learn a bit on how back-prop works when using attention.
fairly more complex and deeper as previous courses. Nice ex. however.
I feel this course is not as carefully designed as previous courses
Trigger word detection - v1.ipynb bug is annoying. Course is good.
Good Course but lectures and assignments could have been better.
Should be five weeks instead of three. Dive deeper into Details
One of the weaker courses in the specialization. Felt rushed.
Assigments too complicate without a necessary guide and help.
Bugs in the programming assignments grading kills the flow
This course was comparatively boring than previous 4 ones
I felt the last week had too many things packed together
Was little hard to understand at times. But it was good.
Not as well done as before. But, still very informative.
Doesn't teach much about keras which is sorely needed
GRUs are poorly explained. Unable to get past Week 1.
a bit outdated due to lstm being not that s-o-a now
very basic ..would have wanted much advance level .
Works as a primer. Assignments aren't that great.
The learning embedding part is kindof confusing
Great course but has been dumbed down too much
Should add some instruction videos of Keras
does HW created/reviewed by different ones?
The assignments are not very satisfactory..
Not so well explained as the other courses
Too narrow focusing on applications in NLP
Programming exercises was very confusing.
Course should have have more descriptive
Too many errors in the assignments
second week was hard to follow
So many errors need to fix.
very tough for beginners
Keras is a ball-ache.
Some coding assignments were too hard to follow what was required.
Very good course which gives a nice intuition to sequence deep learning modelling. Unfortunately, this is the weakest one among the whole specialization. There are no deep explanation of LSTM as well as GRU and back-propagation algorithm. Seq2seq models explanation is not clear and looks too inconsistent. I had to read a lot of the additional materials and blogs in order to understood a theory behind lectures. Hence, the first week assignments were disagreeably difficult to complete, whereas second and third week assignments were comparatively easy. I think this course should be revised or prolonged for 4 weeks to cover LSTM models more profoundly. Nevertheless, I would like to thank Prof. Andrew Ng for really great job and initiatives in such an important area of study!
Little bit math heavy. It was sometimes hard to understand the intuition, e.g. RNN, LSTM, GRU
Could have been more thorough like previous courses
The Sequence Models course was the one I sought out in the deep learning specialization. Very interesting assignments, e.g. neural machine translation, music composition, etc. - much more interesting than the convolutional network models, in my opinion. However, it is also much more difficult to follow; probably the most difficult one of the five courses.Prof. Ng did a wonderful job in the delivering the materials, as always. However, I expected a lot more details about the sequence models, and recurrent networks as much as the ones given in the previous courses. I was looking forward to learn more in-depth about this model, but I didn't feel I get all that I wanted. For example, I wish there an example, step-by-step walkthrough of the backpropagation through time (BPTT) algorithm, especially for the LSTM and GRU models. The assignments were a little more difficult to follow, I think. To me, the instructions were not as clear as the previous courses (in my opinion), especially when using Keras objects/layers - "use this *object/layer*" but it wasn't clear whether or not to fiddle with the arguments. Usually when it does require a specific value for the argument (e.g. axis=x), it will be mentioned either in the text or code comments. I guess it's a good challenge, but I find myself doing more trial-and-error with the coding to get it to work instead of having some guidance on how to use those Keras objects/layers. The discussion forums do help, however. Lastly, some of the assignments involved building a recurrent model using Keras layers, I felt like there was not enough explanation why such architecture, layers, or hyperparameter values were chosen.Overall, I liked the course, I did learn a lot from the course, and enjoyed the models we get to play with in the assignments. I think I will still run into problems trying to devise my own sequence models, and fumble with Keras. I wish there is a more in-depth course on the sequence model. Prof. Ng's delivery was excellent; I enjoyed listening to every one of his lectures (even at 2x speed) :)Thank you to Prof. Ng, and all the people who worked hard to develop the course.
Note: this review also applies to the specialization as a whole. I thoroughly enjoyed the courses and learnt so much. The content delivery was excellent. I am not sure how unfeasible it was to re-produce the videos, though it would have been nice to see fewer corrections. In regards to the programming assignments, I think that they are great overall. The way the code was mostly pre-filled to ensure logical workflow helped me to stay on track rather than trying to skip straight to the final model (I assume beginner programmers do this a lot). It provided a great template for thought and I will definitely be referring back regularly. However, I also think that descriptions and exercises could be integrated better, especially in the later assignments where students are compiling more complex models and prior skills in programming (from earlier courses) are expected. Specifically, there are certain Exercise descriptions with multiple parts 1a,b,c 2a,b,c etc and hints before you even get to the start of the actual implementation. I think this is inefficient and was a bit frustrating at times. It felt a bit disjointed and overwhelming to read the instructions without no context (i.e. reading about step 2c before implementing step 1a). On the whole, I know that the knowledge, understanding and skills I obtained through this specialization will serve me extremely well throughout my PhD. Thank you very much.
I enjoyed Prof Ng's excellent lectures, but felt the material moved too quickly.  This 3-week course could easily have been extended to (say) 5 weeks to allow for more depth in covering the various RNNs, applications and model details. The homework/programming assignments were more difficult and time-consuming than prior courses, particularly for implementing models with Keras.  The structure of these programs was hard to understand (a bit of spaghetti-code, in my opinion). Some experience with Keras and tensorflow is essential. I spent a lot of time just trying to construct the programs with correct syntax, etc...while this is useful to know, I'd rather focus more on fundamentals of the learning algorithms.  However, its clear that a lot of effort went into constructing the programming exercises for this course, and they covered a lot of ground, with a bit more sophistication than the exercises from most of the earlier courses.
While I loved listening to Andrew Ng's lectures and I find him very lucid in his presentation and pedagogy, I feel that the practical aspect has suffered -by giving enough hints on how to solve the programming exercises, the challenge is reduced. There were quite a few issues I also faced when connecting to the server which resulted in rewriting the code a couple of times (in hindsight, I should have always made a local copy and tested it before submitting it). I would rather that each of these courses becomes a 2 month course (much like Stanfords convolutional networks course) so that the practical aspect is also given equal weightage. While presenting the lectures, Prof Andrew Ng could also lay it out how you would implement in a particular framework like tensorflow and there should be enough exercises that walk a person through them before attempting the programming exercises.
This course has great material on sequence models, presented with the usual energy and enthusiasm that Andrew Ng brings to every course.  The model diagrams are great for visualizing what's actually going on in the complex assignments, and the assignments are generally designed with 1) additional code and commentary to make the examples informative and 2) the "guard rails" (e.g., insert code here, with related hints)  to clarify the specific lines to edit.  Having said that, I feel that the assignments were a little less polished/refined relative to earlier courses in the concentration, and I spent significantly more time in the discussion forums than I had in prior courses.  I also recommend investing in additional training in Keras and Tensor Flow as a prerequisite or in parallel to this course to help get the most out of the practical applications of the material.
this was a really interesting course.  Too bad the details of the math are not really there.That being said, its greatest redeeming factor is that Andrew cites the research papers, and with his overviews of the various models, I can read those papers, and build up my own library of relevant material.I don't really care for Jupyter Notebooks after all...I much prefer the Spyder IDE, as it has intellisense, true debugging, and is not prone to crashing the kernel.I came across some of Andrew's course lecture notes for his CS courses at Stanford - now those have much more mathematical detail - perhaps Coursera can provide the links to the online material? ( unless, of course, that is problematic due to copyrights?)All in all, I did enjoy the entire deeplearning.ai material as it is....the rest I can dig into myself.
It is a good course and a very important one. However, I needed to mark it a bit lower than most other courses in this specialization because I felt sometimes confused with Keras. Navigating in such higher level of abstraction would require a stronger support for the Keras part. I believe we could have explored a bit further the sequence models and yet I was sometimes struggling understanding some basic Keras instructions. Perhaps it could be included an extra programming assignment tutorial (for Keras) or extend the existing Keras tutorial. Being this the last course of the specialization, I believe not only this course is worthwhile, but the whole specialization is of great value. Congrats to all Deeplearning.ai team. Keep going.
First of all I would like to convey my thanks to Andrew Sir for not only this course but for the whole specialization.You are fantastic teacher and I will try to pay you back by solving real world problems with the help of knowledge you have imparted.The only short comming I can think of is the disconnection between your theory videos and the real codes in python.It would be very helpful if you can include some code snippets in your theory videos.I think this will make the learners better bridge the gap between the theoritical concepts and real life coding. Maybe some optional hands on coding videos summarizing the week's course can be included.Once again thank you very much and I would be ever grateful to you.
nice course as always! I need really thanks Andrew and team for this, it is very well structured & informative, provide good intuition and solid base for future self-learning of this area. However to get full 5 for this course, there are some thing to improve ( video cuts ~ repeatable sections, sometimes mistakes, long pauses ) , also courses some of them was harder to pass trough aka from descriptions and template was not certain what to do ( one thing it is good that you need to think more and reread x-times, however sometimes grader vs 'official' output are not aligned which results in wasted time ~ hours ) ~I guess most of it was because it was rushed out too soon, but evendo very good one!
Overall, I liked the Machine Learning Stanford class' programing assignments better than the one in the deep learning specialization. For me, coming up with a full implementation of a function (and then having it unit tested by the grader), is more conducive of learning and more entertaining than a step by step, line by line guidance, as we get in the Jupiter notebooks. That said the notebook themselves are incredibly well designed and put together. I love how Andrew Ng, beyond his stature, unmatched knowledge, and outstanding teaching skills, puts his whole heart to work. That makes the world of a difference to me and helps me do the same with others. Thank you for everything!
Review of the 5 courses: Good: Well summarized lectures that are easy to understand. Everything is broken down into small problems making most of the content accesible. Interesting programming assignments, which are well structured.Bad: Jupyter notebooks, where the programming assigments are done crash often.On rare moments I did require extra material from youtube or medium to understand what was going on.On the quizes, formulas are not correctly visualized and I can still see the markdown code, making it hard to read the formulas correctly.Some technical issues in the course but I would  highly recommend overall.
A very helpful and enlightening course, though it felt a bit "hand-wavy" at times. It never really felt like we were getting the full story, like I was missing something the whole time. Word embeddings cleared up a lot, but the entire course was a lot of information to digest at once. Coming from an image processing background, most of the terminology was unfamiliar, and the programming assignments weren't quite as guided as previous ones.In the end, I think it was a great course, and I'd recommend it highly to anyone interested in the field. If you can't apply it to your work, it probably isn't as beneficial.
I'm a fan of Andrew Ng's machine learning classes on Coursera. This was my least favorite. I'm not sure if it's because of the complexity of the material or that so much material is presented in a short time, but I feel that I'm not as confident about my knowledge of the material in this course compared to the earlier courses. In the last few assignments, I felt like I was mechanically plugging stuff in without really understanding the thought process. His teaching style seems much the same as the other courses though, so it's possible this could be due to me rather than the course.
I am grateful for the opportunity to have learned from an exceptional instructor, and one of the luminaries, in artificial intelligence. Insofar as this particular course is concerned, theory was well explained, as always. I feel like there was a bit of a disconnect in the implementations, though. Some of this was just the sheer challenge of using a still-unfamiliar platform (Keras). And, in concert with this latter point, some was due to a sort of "fill in the blank" approach to using the platform. Nonetheless, that I have learned, and learned a lot, is undeniable!
Firstly, thank to the course instructors and Dr.Ng for teaching us deep learning. You are all a gem. I enjoyed this course, and how simple it made coding RNNs. However, I believe the concepts could be simplified some more, even in the form of a pseudocode or conceptual outline. This is my 3rd course from Andrew Ng, so I know he's skilled at distilling deep learning concepts with ease. Week 1 was the best for me as the operation of the LSTM, GRU RNNs were succinctly outlined and set a solid foundation , Week 2 could be presented a less abstract way though.
I think with sequence models, the course details were very challenging. I strongly believe that do take a course in Deeplearning Specialization, one must at least learn Python from basics to advanced level. However, Andrew Ng has made it easy for a first time student with programming background to understand most of the concepts in this specialization. Thank you Deeplearning.ai for this course. I have learned some of the cutting-edge skills that can't be easily found anywhere. I have learned a skill that will set me apart from the crowd.
Great content, and leaves me set to build systems making predictions for or conversions between sequences- particularly including text posts, which are an interest of mine.Deducted a star because a couple of ungraded exercises contained errors which had been left uncorrected; they were still valuable, especially the manual implementation of backprop one, but there's some missing attention to detail there. But the level and effectiveness and practical applicability of the course remains excellent and I'd still heavily recommend it.
I found the first week of this course a bit tough compared to all the other 4 courses in this specialization. Perhaps there should be one more week to give much more programming exerises to help understand the concepts clearly. But having said that, the last two weeks, especially the last one about hot-word, is very neatly done and provides very good understanding of such models are implemented. Overall satisfied. Thanks Andrew and team, I feel much more confident in my understanding of these terms and the concepts behind them.
I never been exposed to this subject Sequence Models before. I learned a lot from this course. But the materials is more advanced than all previous ones, especially the program exercises. The exercise guideline is helpful but not leave many guess works for students not well skilled in Python and Keras. I completed the program exercises by blindly trying different keras commands. Little suggestion: include a short but complete example code for building Keras Sequence models in the tutorial.Over all, a great course. Thanks a lot.
Overall, it is very good course unless for some minor problems with the assignments.For example, in Week1 the optional assignment, there are many bugs there, one may waste a lot of time trying to figure out the correct solutions. Though, it has been widely discussed in the forum, the instructors should have updated the material or at least warn the students somewhere in the assignment to read forum ahead of time. You must admit that many won't resort to the forum only after trying and wasting enough time..Hope may help.
Much more challenging than the other courses in the DL specialisation. It forced me to delve a little deeper into the topic in order to overcome obstacles in the assignments. Content-wise, it's a great introduction to DL for NLP. Professor Ng's explanations are perfect.Admittedly, compared to the other courses, this one is "messier". Spelling mistakes, some contradictory instructions, and a somewhat broken notebook for the last assignment. It felt rushed and I'm surprised that a lot of the errors haven't been fixed yet.
The course itself is cutting-edge, so a 5-star for this.But the following amount to a -1 star:1 Too sloppy, lots of typos.2 Wrong answers wrong expected values in the notebook.3 Grading server sometimes runs slow.4 Saving the notebook fails quite often.5 Too much is done for the learners, while you could've make the programming assignments more challenging.6 Deep learning itself has too much black magic and inexplanability in it.I'm quite sure that harsher comments and a few 2-star or 3-star will be among the reviews.
It's a good intro to RNNs (LSTMS and GRU).  Very interesting use cases for RNNs. I feel that there could have been more room to try more programming exercises for different use cases & RNN architectures. Be aware that Keras is very sensitive to changes and you will find yourself reloading the jupyter kernels repeateadly when you get stuck. This is not a problem of the course itself but it is something that could end up wasting a lot of your time chasing problems when your code actually should work.
Another great course by Andrew Ng! This course is part of the CS230 class currently being taught at Stanford University. Only reason for 4 rather than 5 stars is that at this stage (April 2018), there are few knowledgeable mentors and virtually no Instructors present in the Forum. Course provides little introduction to the syntax of Keras, which makes for some problems implementing models. Therefore one might spend a lot of time spinning one's wheels until finding a way forward.
As with all the 5 courses in the Deep Learning Specialization, the video lectures were amazing, thoughtfully designed (and separated) and gave an understandable overview of the content. As for the programming assignements, some lack a clear description of what is to do - that mostly concerns single steps withing a sub-task though. Tensorflow and Keras need a considerable amount of self-study next to the lectures to truly understand what you are doing there.
I enjoyed this course very much. The videos were very informative covering a lot of ground in RNNs. I also enjoyed the assignments which covered both implementation of RNNs from scratch to get a good feel for it, and practical implementations. I was a bit disappointed about NLP section as it brushed over word embedding and left me without much understanding on how they are estimated. I would also like to have seen time-series covered in this course.
I loved all of the courses in the specialization. However, last two (sequence models and convolutional NNs) had in my opinion poor exercises, not well described, or emphasizing the parts which are not that important, omitting at the same time more important topics. For example the last exercise with spectogram was mainly focused on preparing the data rather than explaining/practicing algorithms. All in all, I gave 4/5 which is still very good grade.
I dont understand why notebooks are become unavailable when I am working on it. It says method not allowed and then please login through www.coursera.org. Then I had to run all the cells again. I think this is because of the lack of resources like # of servers available. Other than that, like the content of the programming assignments. Especially the trigger word detection algorithm worked perfect with my own voice, that was satisfying of course.
This course is a great introduction to sequence models and a great way of finishing the specialization. All main areas were covered. It is a good entry point for those who want to keep improving their sequence-models skills. Keep in mind that Keras is needed (not a basic level). In comparison with the other courses, the exercises here sometimes are more focused on the preprocessing that in the model itself. Nevertheless, more than recommended.
I got an overview of how people use this technology but the whole network architecture and especially dimensioning remains to be somewhat of a black art. The overview is much better then one could obtain by downloading tools, or reading framework-centric books. It provides also a lot of information through the references to the scientific literature.It is clear that this is a field still in its infancy but the results are already amazing.
Awesome course.  It feels like this one was more rushed than the others in the Specialization.  I am a bit concerned whether the "Specialization" has become a "Survey" of the course, and leans heavily on the assignments for teaching..but then, could do more for why some architectures are the way they are.  The assignments improved from being a spoon-feeding exercise. That's good.  But, on the other side, Keras documentation was confusing.
Excellent series of courses! Loved the lectures and thoroughly enjoyed the exercises! A big thanks to Andrew Ng and all the instructors and mentors. The forums provided useful hints on the couple of occasions I was stuck. While I would have initially suggested providing more info on Keras APIs, in hindsite the additional time spent in searching Keras documentation was useful arriving at better understanding of the infrastructure.
The Literature for RNN's was not motivating enough compared to Convolutional Networks and the previous courses. However, Andrew did concentrate on the important aspects which would help us in building RNN ourselves. I did feel the assignments were not as elaborative and extensive as the CNN's but I understand the idea behind it (being just to make users aware of the skeleton of the model instead of doing everything from scratch).
This one is much better then the previous one - Coursera team definitely made their homework. However some theoretical blank-spaces are still left. For instance - nothing is said about how recursive gates are being updated during BPTT backward pass. For someone who has the some experience and read some other sources that is not a big deal, but for a complete first-timer who pays attention and uses his brain - this is a pure flaw.
Very interesting application of deep learning. Gives a good overview. Assignments are fun, yet it's too easy to complete the assignments without understanding the big picture. I found the "attitude" assignment in week 3 a bit difficult to grasp however. Particularly liked the dinosaur names, emojify, the humour and positivity in the course: mentioning gender/racial bias, encouraging people to do good with their skills. Namaste!
The only trouble with this course is that we're talking about seriously deep networks. That means it's difficult to present working, practical cases (jupyter notebooks) to work all the steps.Still, I'd recommend presenting more and simpler steps towards building an RNN (particularly an LSTM). I had to come back to the notebooks several times... and honestly, I think I'll get back there again to try and understand better...
Very good overall. Andrew Ng explains the material clearly and accessibly.I'm deducting a star for occasional issues that get picked up by volunteer moderators on forums, who do a great job, but seem not to get corrected by Coursera staff. Also for one or two small inconsistencies in terminology between lectures and programming exercises. However I've seen much worse and more confusing inconsistencies in other courses.
I thought the course and the specialization was great for people who want to get into the details of deep learning. Although I enjoyed learning about all the details, I wish there was a separate course specifically for Keras and TensorFlow. In practice, we will rarely have to implement the models from scratch, and having a better understanding of Keras and TensorFlow would be more helpful in terms of career prospects.
Andrew has a very good video-lecture style.  The programming exercises can be a bit frustrating at times for the wrong reasons, but at this point the course has been available long enough that you should be able to find a thread in the Discussion forum that provides enough hints to resolve any issue you might encounter. Nonetheless I appreciate the effort that went into designing the programming assignments.
Presentation is amazing... Professor Ng always does fantastic job of communicating the material in a clear and easily understood way.I took the course on the first run-through, and there were still some kinks in the grading process that were a little frustrating to deal with, but hopefully these will be ironed out for later versions.Thank you, Professor Ng, and everyone else involved.  You never disappoint!!
This course has excellent content. Unfortunately there seems to be a slight drop in quality compared to the other courses in this series, with respect to the programming assignments. I didn't find them to be very clearly explained or illuminating. I'd recommend the jupyter notebooks be reworked with better explanations and more attention to the notational conventions.Still an excellent introduction though.
The lectures were outstanding (as usual), but the programming assignments (except for the final Trigger Word assignment) were terrible.  I spent almost all my time trying to figure out Keras syntax, without ever having a Keras tutorial or anything.  If you are going to rely on Keras, you should probably add a tutorial or some references.  A lot of wasted time.  But other than that, this course was amazing.
Very good course. I liked the speech recognition part more. I found the assignments involving Keras code difficult to do in both RNN and CNN courses. Without the help of discussion forum i wouldn't have completed the Keras assignments. Thank you all the fellow students and mentors for your contributions to the discussion forum. Thank you so much Andrew and team for putting this awesome specialization :)
As the other courses in this series, this is definitely another great course, and explains to details the various sequence models. I gave it 4 stars because I believe it might need some improvements. Compared to the previous courses it felt a little rushed, and had too much new information and long programming exercises for a single week. Maybe it would have been better if it was 4 weeks instead of 3.
Always a great course but I would expect to have more lessons on how to use Keras and Tensor Flow API in a better way for who needs to use them in real NLP applications. I still have some doubts on how to use them correctly (for example the use of time distributed layer in the last exercise 'trigger word detection' that we didn't use in the architecture for the exercise about attention mechanism)
I really enjoyed this course and learned a lot. The descriptions of GRUs and LSTMs were a little scant, however, and I found myself rewatching the videos trying to get my head around them. The course could be improved by going into a little more detail about the different gates and what it means to train them, or what sorts of information or patterns might be relevant for the training of a gate.
I really enjoyed learning this course and gained a lot of knowledge from it. The only challenge that I found was some of the steps of the assignments were not clear. I could resolve them by checking the forum. I would also like to know more about document summary and document similarity, but there was not much content for it. Overall, thanks a lot for putting this valuable content together.
Great material and amazing Andrew Ng (5 stars) but very pure editoral review (videos with a lot of repeats of canceled phrases, pauses, quiz understanding, grader problems, very poorness of mentors support because they can do nothing to help, neither contact deeplearning.ai, in summary it's looks like alpha version of course not release and diserve 3 or even 2 stars), so in total 4 stars.
This course is almost as good as the prior four, but some of the lectures lack detail, there are mistakes in some quizzes, and the programming assignments at times are crammed too full of information. You can end up passing through this class without really understanding what's going on, whereas the CNN class does a much better job of forcing you to understand things before you pass.
The lectures were great, making an advanced subject accessible. The course materials were mostly good -- the exception being the optional (non-graded) assignment in Week 1, which was not well-structured, and failed to reinforce the concepts it was intended to. There were challenges with connectivity to the Jupyter notebook server, which caused much frustration and wasted time.
Another great course by Prof. Ng. The reason for 4 stars is that I found the assignments to gloss over a lot of new Keras ideas (for Keras beginners) at the expense of spending more time on how the ideas were being implemented. I think the course should be spread out over more weeks, say 5, and spend the extra time going into more depth around the Keras model architectures.
In the lecture videos there have been quite a few repetitions and in the programming exercises the necessary Keras background has not been delivered. For this I have to subtract one star.The course's contents are very inspiring, challenging and interesting at the same time. I'm really looking forward to applying the techniques learned so far to problems in my business life.
The course could have covered topics like time-series modeling for prediction (sales, demand, a machine failure in a factory, etc) that is much more applicable than some of the assignments proposed here (half of them seemed to be just for fun). Also, I am a little dissapointed that the course didn't cover chatbots, which is one of the most widely used applications for RNNs.
The course was nice but more mathematics could be taught in the lectures, especially backpropagation in recurrent network. Also I feel there could be one more week in this course where recent models like Transformers and BERT can be taught. Overall a nice course to get familiar with Word Embeddings, LSTM, GRU, and some other topics like Translation and Speech Recognition.
The discussion felt really complicated at points. Also I was disappointed not to be able to complete the optional assignment for LSTM back propagation. Since it is ungraded, it would have been nice to at least see the correct implementation to learn from. Also there were several errors in the expected values or instructions in the assignments, that were really confusing.
The instructor Andrew Sir is excellent in conveying topics, but I just found the last part a bit dry compared to the previous 4. And the course was a bit too long, even though it said 3 weeks.But the hands on programming practices in this course, especially is second to none. Top Notch. One would need to revisit and do it all over again to make it stay inside your head.
Ths course really shows cutting edge technology such as using deep networks consisting of LSTMs, GRUs etc.. I especially liked the audio trigger word recognition.The translation with attention exercise is really much harder to understand than any other exercise from that specialization. I admit I have managed to implement it more using intuition than real understanding.
It has been quite a good course to explain the tedious concepts of RNN.The only reason for a 4 star is there is definitely quite some room to improve upon the content and quality to bring it up to the mark of the previous 4 courses. There are quite a few bugs in the assignments which need to be rectified for the benefit of everyone, hope that it shall be done soon!
Concur with other reviewers: this class was good, covering a lot of interesting material and with well-structured quizzes & assignments. But the lectures seemed to skip past the sorts of in-depth explanations I wanted, instead just getting to the end point of "this is what this looks like". So good, but not quite as good as previous courses in the specialization.
This course is great to get intuitive understanding of Word Embeddings, RNNs, LSTMs, GRUs and Attention Models.You will have great explainer videos and some excellent programming exercises. The course does not make you an expert, but it does make you familiar with the above mentioned architectures, so you can independently code and try them on your own solutions.
Really cool applications to work on, but the videos got a little too much into specific applications that may not be relevant most of the time.  It was all interesting, but it made this course a lot longer each week.  I could have done without a lot of the specifics of certain applications, just because it will be hard to apply/remember the concepts anyways.
All courses in this specialization are awesome. However, this last course feels a little rushed in comparison with the other 4 courses. While the first 3 courses raise your knowledge of ANN in preparation to the 4th one, it is a little more difficult to understand this 5th course. Likewise, completing the assignments is possible, but more frustrating.
Guys, just the truth: Content: Great. Mr. Ng: Great. Autograder: Complete and utter BS. If you rework the Infrastructure you will be big. If you further refuse to do so (literally thousands of complaints about the autograder in the forums -> nothing happens) you will not. Check out Scala courses approach with grading -> works like a charm. Cheers, JJ
I learned a lot. I would give 5 starts but the jupyter notebooks were very very buggy.  I spent half of my time on the homework going through the forums to find workarounds.  It took away from learning the material efficiently.  Note that I think that this may be a temporary problem as a new platform was release Jan 2019.  The content was terrific.
The course is very interesting and it gives an insight into recurrent neural networks (RNN). The practical exercises are interesting but I found them in a bit raw state compared to the previous courses of the Deep Learning Specialization. Nevertheless I would still highly recommend to follow this course. Thanks a lot to organizers.
Everything seems logical, except the programming assignments. Although I went through week 1 programming assignments only, I often had to face some problems with insufficient information. Lecture videos are easy to understand, but not all the details are explained. (This is the point where I need to find some information by hand.)
Videos are great; but as usual TP are too guided (hence boring) and do not use today frameworks (Pytorch, tensorflow 2). TPs should either be completely coded by candidates (only introduction + resfresh on concepts + objectives) with evaluation on final accuracy/f1 score <or> they should be no TPs at all and more MCQ tests
Content her is great - the first week covers the basic RNN models in a very clear way and the assignments are interactive and interesting, building on the explanations in lectures. One downsides is that the production quality is poor and would benefit from some re-recording to remove bloopers and make it smoother to watch.
I wish it was a bit more interesting. It also kinda feels like Andrew has a bit of a problem himself in understanding the paradigms stated in this course, and that makes me feel somewhat confused as well. Would recommend for the math, the notations are weird and confusing sometimes but it is understandable for most parts.
This is a very interesting course with good explanations, which give a brief but sufficient introduction to sequential models like GRU and LSTM. One star is dropped because the CNN course (#4) is still better than this one in terms of explanations, while course #2 is better in terms of relevant material and pace (to me).
Although I really really really love this series and although I always gave 5 stars, I think the quality of this last module is a lot less better than the previous ones. I think convolution was way more difficult but the explanation was awesome. Unfortunately, i think explanations in this module are a little sloppy.
As usual, Andrew Ng's stellar talent as an educator shines through. Unfortunately, some of the video editing is a little scrappy, and the assignments could use some more polish. Especially in areas where they catch quirks in the grader. Luckily the forum support is excellent. This course is definitely worth doing.
Overall nice course, learned a lot about NLP and Speech to text. Course is more oriented towards NLP applications, I was also hoping to learn more about time series analysis. Feel like the course could have been longer 4-5 weeks since RNN, LSTM and GRU is pretty long topic and 3 weeks seems to be too short for it.
The RNN, LSTM< and GRU were very good. But the Week 3seemed a bit abstract. More could have been covered in Audio, Attention.ALso the Jupyter Notebooks was frequently crashing, and it took lot of attempts to re-open the existing one. Lot of time wasted. Also it took long time to to submit and run the program
This course provided a nice high level overview of RNN models and associated Keras implementations. The tricks and tips given were a useful addition to my ML arsenal. The only thing that I feel discredits this course is that the programming assignments are easy to gloss over and pass without much engagement.
Great introduction to RNNs and how to implement them in keras.  I suspect it is a relatively new course as there are still typos and a few errors in the assignments (otherwise I would have given 5 stars) but the forums help you to find your way around them and hopefully in future versions they will be fixed.
Excellent lectures, some part was difficult and it took time for me to imagine the content of each parameter (e.g. when we talk about X, or a, or Waa what is the size of them and what do they represent). But in the exercises, it became more understandable. Exercises need previous knowledge of Keras and OOP.
It is a fabulous course content-wise. However, I personally find the programming exercises overly easy (the instructors already build the framework for you and the only thing you need to do is to fill in the blanks),  s.t. I'm still not able to build an RNN from scratch after completing all those exercises.
This course is good. It introduces the concepts regarding recurrent models. I specially like the attention model videos. In general, the exercises are well written. However, I'm not very familiar with Keras and working on the Keras code really takes my time even I'm quite experienced with Tensorflow.
Professor Ng did a good job explaining sequence model and I finally understand the basic theories. However, there is room to improve especially on the Keras library part. I hope you can add some simple tutorial for that. Also, I still don't understand how to translate the architecture to Keras code.
This is a very well structured course. I initially started this course almost 10 months ago but got distracted and started to learn sequence models on my own. But, at the end end I resorted to this course again and got my basics cleared out. Thanks to deeplearning.ai team for designing this course!
Great explanations on the videos, and well designed programming exercises. However, the complexity of the programming tasks is not well dimensioned (1h - 1:30 h may be too little). Worse, some of the exercises are not well explained, with misleading information (e.g. about model tensor dimensions).
There was not enough theory as the first three courses. Some explanations were superficial and difficult to understand. Maybe drawing the shape of the inputs, outputs, and other matrices in lectures would help to better visualize what's going on inside the networks. Overall, it was a great course.
It's a great course. The information and knowledge that you get about Sequence Models is fantastic as a primer. Andrew is an amazing teacher throughout the entire specialization altough I found the content of the videos in the Sequence Models slightly more rushed than the previous 4 courses...
Though the lessons are interesting and mathematically demanding, I felt that it was a good time spent learning these concepts. Overall I feel that the 3 weeks could be split into 4 weeks and learning could have been much smoother by adding some more lessons to address the contents of Week 2.
Nice content, but the assignments are too easy and only demonstrate the pipeline instead of providing hand-on experience in picking the network and training with GPU. Also, there are some grader problems which has wasted my time to make my code pass the grader even if the answer is correct.
The homework grading methods need improvement. I got the right model and get the right results, but still have to spend tons of time to make the submission pass the grading system. It is a waste of time for future learning.  You may want to train a DL model to solve this grading problem :).
Obviously, The professor and TAs have put a lot of time for preparation of this course, and I really appreciate it. However, the hws of the course is too much focused on language translation. They could put another examples, say business data, to represent other applications of RNN/LSTMs.
The course should provide more instruction on the Keras and Tensorflow, since the notebook is largely dependent on the knowledge of these frameworks. Moreover, the logic of programming is not so well-organized: I personally prefer to have my own logic instead of modules got implemented :)
Really interesting course with overview about sequence models and what can you do with them. Lectures from prof. NG are amazing as usual. The only thing I was missing was maybe more tutorials on Keras LSTM usage. The exercises on LSTM were quite confusing, especially using shared layers.
Very Important !!!Hi,We do need more programming assignments in order to master the material. We joined Andrew's courses to master (not just get introduced to) the materials, because Andrew and the rest of the team is awesome.Thank you very very much for all your time and consideration
I am overwhelmed by too much material. Additionally Tensorflow and Keras syntax is not very elegant or coherent as they are such high-level languages. I learnt a lot at a high-level overview in this course, but my fundamental understanding was consolidated in the previous 4 courses.
Finally, the last course was completed. For me, this course is very difficult, because the content of the course is somewhat obscure and difficult to understand. But I learned some basic knowledge about Natural Language Processing and Speech Recognition through this course. Thanks!
This is my third course in Deep Learning, the contents and pace of learning are great, they provide a good level of understanding in the subject. The notebooks have bugs and I wasted a lot of times making them work, thus they could be improved to use that time actually learning.
The concepts presented in this course were advanced enough. Yet, the assignments did not require much effort and thinking, which in my opinion is hurting the learning process. If students do not struggle enough with the course, they tend to forget the material they have learned.
Very interesting courses. I take this as a basis for future applications. I only regret that the exercises are too guided. I can't pretend to be able to accomplish a project in machine learning :-(I would recommend also to note all the references to the papers, they are helpful.
Great content, assignments are fun and reasonably instructive (although they contain the occasional error and the video editing for the lecture content seems a bit rushed at times). I would recommend this course as an introduction to recurrent neural networks and related ideas.
Very informative and well taught course on sequence models. The amount of content and pacing was just right as not to be overwhelmingly complicated. There are a few bugs here and there in the programming exercise which can lead to a lot of headaches but overall a good course!
Great course, with interesting programming assignments, but still, I couldn't catch intuition about GRU and LSTM nature (I understood its pupuse and equations but couldn't get why exactly THAT combination of equations is necessary to allow RNN learn long term dependencies).
Week 3: quite a complected network was used for trigger word detection; however, it is not clear why exactly this architecture was used; specific order of dropout, batchnorm and GRU seems to be a pure magic; at least, a few words why this combination is picked are needed.
very good hands-on course. Yet I wished in the programming assignments, it was stated clearer, whether the implemented code is for understanding purposes only (and hence being the reason to be implemented) or is still mandatory even when working within a library (keras).
Course content is excellent, I would have given 5 stars, if the Programming assignments wouldn't have bugs. Fortunately people in forum help out with solving issues with assignments. I believe it's due to the short time frame the course is online and bugs get corrected.
While this was the most relevant course for me, I missed how it was focused on "helper functions" instead of core RNN concepts. While I feel like I understand concepts like the Bleu score, I would definitely need to spend more time to fully grasp the RNN architecture.
Very nicely put together, takes a difficult topic and gives you just enough to get your head around it. Only thing keeping it from 5 stars is that a few times it was more difficult to figure out what the auto grader wanted than what was needed to complete the topic
Would have been nice to get more extensive training in Keras en Tensorflow because programming excercies were somewhat too pre-compiled at times or other times difficult to code because of scarse knowledge of these packets. Otherwise great lecture material as usual
This was a great course and teaches you everything you need to know about RNN to get started doing your own research. With background in economics and finance it would have been nice to have one small assignment with time series data. Beside that, awesome course :)
The grader  has some bug.Even with correct output and with no bug in the code, it gives incorrect grading. Firstly the criteria to pass is so stiff(80% means to pass for every function).Secondly the bug in grading function grades incorrect for correct codes.
Andrew Ng does a great job in introducing Sequence models in this course. However, I have the feeling the theory behind all the concepts falls short. There are just too many different subtopics being covered instead of focusing on the main concepts of RNNs.
The programming assignments were pretty hard this time. I think, Andrew should spend more time to explain the concepts in the video lectures. Took me a while to get this stuff since it is a little bit more abstract than the previous specializations..
This last course of the series while still being excellent, it had a few minor issues in the assignments and was quite hard compared to the previous four. Nevertheless, I still learned a lot from it and I am really grateful for it being available.
Very interesting and well taught course. The only disappointment is that it focuses almost completely on NLP. I would have much preferred working on other topics too, like for example time series with LSTM, which instead didn't even get mentioned.
You should try to leave access to the previous code I wrote in the previous weeks or help out a little in week2 exercise I really struggled to get some of the code done because I didn't have access to my previous notebooks because you locked them
This course helps you build the basics for natural language processing using deep learning methods.The assignments at the end of every week test your understanding of the subject and improves your understanding of the topic. Highly Recommended
I preferred the first specialization courses. The explanations are not so clear as the explanations in the first courses. I will make the NLP specialization to have a better understanding. Anyway, I recommend the specialization. Very good!
It is a very good course. Andrew Ng explanations are very clear and easy to understand with a lot of good examples. On the other hand there are some confusions or errors in the backpropagation part of the programming assignment about LSTM.
I am rating this course 4 because It doesn't give any guidance about future career paths and next things to learn. The explanations are very good. I understood complex things like GRU, LSTM, Bidirectional RNN, attention model very well.
While a great introduction on RNNs, I felt there could be another week of lectures given the complexity of the algorithms being explained. Likewise, the programming exercises felt unpolished in some parts, like in the expected outputs.
Very good. To make it perfect, would have liked it for the Assignments to have less bugs (cf. LSTM backprop), and a longer course with extra weeks to present LSTM in the context of prediction (finance, weather, pattern recognition,...)
Great course! only negative is that problems would really hold your hand.  I don't think there is any way I would pass a whiteboard test on any of this (then again a course to get me to that level would have to be double this length).
The course covers one of the most influential developments in deep learning in recent times, and does so in a thorough way, introducing majority of the relevant mathematics and methods necessary to build a variety of sequence models.
The course is really good if you want to get a good understanding on the basics of deep learning. It would have been great if the course had more hand's on assignments than fill in the blanks kind of assignments in ipython notebook.
I learnt a lot from this course and the whole specialization. I am grateful to the mentors and instructors. If coursera gives me opportunity I can also be mentor for the specialization to help the newcomers through the assignments.
During the first week, I think that a deeper explanation of the matrices' dimensions throughout the NNs should be given. Indeed, this would be helpful to understand some concepts.Apart from that, it was an awesoome course, thanks!
The course was good except first week. I did not learn as much as I would like from the programming exercises of week 1. It could be nice to have 4 weeks instead of 3 for this course. Taking more time to cover the week 1 material.
Everything is perfect, the teaching is excellent, the only problem is the jupyter notebook, its sometimes difficult to debug issues and takes a lot of time and is kind of vague as well in terms of application of the lectures.
some topics not explained in detail. Not enough examples to understand some models completely. As an example, I didn't fully understand what are the parameters for the models, their shapes, and how they are used in the model
Overall it was pretty informational on introducing NLP to me. However, Keras was a little bit frustrating to learn at the beginning. I found out the forum was a very good resource to learn Keras syntax whenever I was stuck.
Great course! I do feel like I'm just scratching the surface of the types of applications that I can make. I think the coding segments still hold our hands a little too much, but you can't beat the clarity of the lectures.
The course lecture is grade but I hope the assignment is better in guiding structure, something the explanation is hard to follow, and the assignment should include the transfer learning instead of using the trained model.
This was hard to keep up with, maybe too hard. The assignments' difficulty also was on a different level then the lectures maybe there more time should be put into the lecture videos as it was the case for DNN and RNN.
The videos and programming exercises were very interesting and insightful. My only complain is some of notebooks for exercises include errors and it was just a time-wasting  task to find the "trick" to pass the grader.
The content is well captured and Andrew really helps build the required intuitions. But, the assignments are too guided. There is no room to struggle for solutions which often proves to be the main source of learning.
The exercises are too short and too basic for this course specifically. The task is a great learning experience but there is not much one would struggle with in terms of difficulty as there is too much spoon feeding.
Great video lectures, but practical assignments are a pain due to awful auto-grading system and programming expirience in Jupyter in general. Most of the time you'll be searching for an error that isn't really there.
Programming exercises did show you quite a bit, but got complex enough that most of my time was spent reading and understanding the preamble than doing any programming. That being said it delivered on the promise.
Course content is really good! However, I found it quite difficult to truly understand deep learning algorithms. However, it provides good glimpse of of sequence models and intuitions behind various useful models.
Great course and material, Andrew NG really know who to explain difficult subjects in an intuitive way. However, the course seems that it still needs some work (there are some bugs in the lectures and assignments)
The NLP Section of this course is quite difficult to understand(The Notations are quite confusing as well as prior knowledge is required to understand) but other than that RNN, GRU, LTSM are explained clearly.
Week1 lessons are a little complex than the previous classes and there are gaps between ground-up python version and keras version of LSTM model. Keras will need to be taught a bit more in detail to follow up.
This is by far the hardest course in the specialization. But it was explained well. My only complain is there were errors in the first programming exercise. All in all, I learned a lot in this specialization.
Great content! I really love Andrew's teaching style. (1 star deduction for some programming assignments where I spent time debugging but it turned out that the point deduction was due to the grading system.)
The programming exercises are a little heavy in this course where we need to load and re-load for them to give correct output even if the code had been correct all throughout. Otherwise, the course is great.
4 stars and not 5 stars because the course is shorter than the others and it feels like an exemple in classical forecasting is lacking (sales, time series...). Really interesting but may be too focus on NLP.
It's an excellent course! I will give it 5 stars if it could offer more interesting and meaningful assignments(Not offend, but it a little too easy and the assignments are not very related to the real work).
The course should contain more explanation about natural language processing like tf-idf,lemmatization,stemming,dialog flow. Although i got a good explanation of working of RNNs,LSTM and machine translation
Great course to start off with sequence model. The programming exercises were in depth and deliver a great learning experience. Would love to see more of sequence literature in the course's future versions.
Again a brilliant course from Andrew NG, but though and dense this time. In order to grasp the meanings videos and lectures need to be revised a few times. Also, get some extra info elsewhere does not hurt.
Excellent presentation, and interesting assignments. One star dropped because a couple of technical issues with the assignment material (typos in the mathematical formulas / expected results here and there)
The contents are great as always.  However, the server is not reliable.  Once, the grader is down and you can't submit homework.  For another time, the connection is lost and all the changes made are lost.
Great course, but I felt the gap between the very high level lectures and very low level labs was a bit too wide. I had some issues with the autograder and losing progress in the notebook between sessions.
Very well produced and explained.  In my case, the nature of the Sequence Model makes understanding the concepts and finishing the assignment more challenging than other segments of the specialization.
The course is very short when compared to first 3 courses in this series. It would have been better if more explanation and shorter assignments were provided in the initial weeks and increase the pace.
The previous courses raised the bar and expectations. The assignments for Week 1 and Week 2 were a bit unclear. Lectures for Week 1 and Week 2 can be improved as well. Besides, this is a great course!
The material itself is very informative and useful. But I have to give "just" 4 stars because, the training videos have to be edited better and there were a few mistakes in the programing exercises.
Please work on getting the notebooks to work properly. Also very bummed that after canceling my subscription, I won't have access to my homeworks. You guys should give us lifelong access - we paid!
A general overview into the power of sequence models. There is no rigorous mathematics here so most of what students can learn is high-level implementation and intuition about the various models.
Great  final module !General feedback  : was expecting an application example other than image, speech recognition such as  related to Supply chain management, production planning, pricing etc.
An appropriate course for getting started with Recurrent Neural Networks and its very applications in the domains of speech recognition, sentiment classification, neural machine translation etc
Overall teaching of Andrew Ng sir is Fabulous, but it was very hectic with the technical problem of the last assignment and I would like to thank Andrew Ng sir for the teaching me this course
Very useful materials, but a little hard to digest. It will be more helpful if course lectures and slides can dive a little deeper into each model and provide more granular technical details.
Exercises are sometimes vague and can be done without full understanding of the material. No officially given notes. No reading material that explains the concepts more clearly and in detail.
One of the best course i ever taken. glad to be part of such wonderful course teach by prof.andrew ng. learn a lot about sequence model and NLP. Highly Highly recommended for beginner in NLP
Great Course, very insightful excercises, really enjoyed it - unfortunately some issues with the programming excercises.Since it's the first run of the course they should have fixed it soon.
the course content was really impressive, but some topics need to be explained in detail. Also working of LSTM should be further described in detail. Programming assignments are really fun.
great course, lots of implementation details that are important were glossed over, while other areas had too much hw hand-holding + strict requirements on what the code needed to look like.
Very glad I took this course!  A little rough around the edges as far as video / assignment quality, but seeing that this is the very first run of this course, I know it will only improve.
The material was great. Some of the programming assignments ramped up in difficulty or lack of perfect execution. However, I still gained extremely valuable information from this course.
The lecture for Sequence model was good motivation to get interesting about text and audio processing. All of lectures were very fundamental and intuitive. Thank you very much. Prof. Ng.
Very good and fun course in the sequence. However, it would be very nice if there were some examples of using RNN for things such as self driving etc, outside the realm of speech and NLP
The course videos are very good. However the optional parts of assignments have lots of issues and errors. Please update the assignment to reduce the time wasted unnecessarily debugging.
Very interesting exercice and assignments from which a lot is to learn. Content quite complicated which will require from me to come back for review and deepen some points. Thank you !
It was necessary to study extensively the Keras framework to fulfill the code tasks. I suggest an extra module with small simple RNN modeling exercises to better adapt the framework.
Overall, I really like this module. One possible improvement might be providing more information for backpropagation. Maybe as an optional video or just reading materials. Thank you.
nice course even few chapters could be more detailled technically speaking. However the assignements are very nice and helps to complete the understanding. Many thanks for such work
Thank you Andrew Ng for making me comfortable with the deep learning topics on Sequential data...Assessments were interesting ..can be made to enable us better play with the models
Week 2 was wonderful to learn and understand. I wish to explore more on LSTM and Attention based models. Video lectures were not enough for me. Still I am happy for what I learnt.
Overall it is a good course. Much need to improve on the feedback of grading of which output is not really helping. Referring to global variables in assignments are really tricky.
Overall a very good course , i wish the model construction ( i.e. the rationale in stacking up the layers) is covered in bit more detail, otherwise an excellent course, no doubt.
The assignments can be made a little difficult. Can Include assignments of Image captioning, that would have been great. Overall a great course. Sir Andrew Ng, superb teaching!!
great course as always by andrew. would give it a 5/5 but had some sloppy mistakes regarding the formulas. overal impression : exceptional and highly recommended. thanks andrew!
Compared to the previous courses, this one was a little hard for me. Because Dr. Andrew tried to squeezed a bunch of information in this course. It's a wonderful course though.
Some of the assignments are very difficult to pass. I think I understand the concepts but the instructions for the assignments could be a lot clearer and provide more guidance.
Excellent content, although the exercises - at this stage of specialization - should focus more on NN architecture, than on pure computational and matrix slicing tasks, imho.
Even though it has some flaws in audio clips and homeworks, programming assignments are fun to do. Great real world applications on this whole specialization is just perfect!
The content was quite good as with previous courses in this specialization. Just dropping a star because week 1 material wasn't as clear to follow as the rest of the content.
Compared to the first two sections, I don't think this section is better than those. Anyway, I learnt some concepts about sequence models which I need to dive into in future
The videos are of high quality as always, while the programming exercises had some error in it. Compare with the previous few courses this one seems not polished so well.
Thank you Deep learning team for putting together this course. The course has really helped me understand the various possibilities with the knowledge of deep learning.
The first week was a bit too tough compared to the second and third. So, I felt it was a bit hurried. It could have been distributed into two separate weeks, perhaps.
This course was very useful. I would make the programming assignments for the first session a bit clear. Other than that, everything was easy to understand and clear.
Good, but not as in depth as the other lecture series I found. It is faster paced and skips over much more of the detail at which they go into in the earlier modules.
If the programming exercises weren't plagued by some bugs, I would have given 5 star. It's a very complex subject matter, but Andrew takes you through it by the hand.
I feel week 2 and week 3 materials were covered a bit too quick. Would appreciate more explanation of the implementation details of beam search and activation model.
It was really helpful, every topics explained very well. However, in my standpoint of view, It did not cover some part in sequence learning, like graphical models.
Really nice course. Very informative. Unfortunately some programming exercises were a little buggy (the grader especially)...only a total reset of notebook helped!
this course provide an adequate and what you want to know about recurrent neural network but it does require lots of programming skills to accomplish this course.
Good course, but I needed more time than expected, especially for the exercises. For me, that was the most demanding course out of the 5 from that specialization.
A lot of cool material covered from RNNs to LSTMs to Sequence Modeling.  But it is a lot to grasp and a lot to understand.  Overall, rigor and course is decent.
programming assignments are not teaching us to code independently because of the helpers functions given in utils file. Feels like copy pasting the assignments
It is a really awesome course for those who want to get started with deep learning methods in NLP.Got a very clear insight about GRU,LSTM,RNN,Word Embeddings.
The course is really good, one star less because it requires keras understanding to complete assignments properly. Including a basic intro of keras will help
The time allocated to some of the assigments should be increased. The estimated time in many cases seems to assume that one is aware of Keras and Tensorflow
To the point ; sometimes it would be nice to explain the research papers more in depth, and link other courses to have more formal mathematical explanations
Give us one more week to learn RNN for time series in economics, finance, etc!Programming Exercises need more hints and more training in simple Keras models
Well-made course, but unfortunately there are tons of mistakes in the programming assignments - in the comments, formulas, even in the prepared code pieces.
The best course in the Deep Learning Specialization. Really good and well explained. There are some problems and mistakes in the problem assignments though.
Somes basics, tiny bit of theory, a bit of keras and insights for practical tasks. Some strage errors in notebook exercises makes it 2x time longer though.
Great course. The only tiny flaw is that the introduction to Tensorflow and Keras was a bit shallow so that I struggled a bit with programming these parts.
Instructive course with useful concepts. However, there were many more mistakes in the notebooks compared to the previous 4 courses in the specialization.
Awesome introduction, but feels like Andrew is a little bit rushing since it is the last course in the series, I dont feel it is as clear as other courses
The CNN course was better in this series of courses. This course is also good, but more content could be provided. Still the best small course out there.
Faced issues regarding assignment submissions. Otherwise, the course is perfect. Would upgrade my review to 5 stars if this issue seems to be fixed later
This course is quite challenging, but at least the concepts were well explained. Wished that Andrew and his team could conduct a crash course on Keras :)
A great intro to RNN, LSTM, GRU, Activation. Programming assignments are rather messy though (unlike those in the other courses of this specialisation).
Great course, I like the practical application and assignments discussed in this course , wish latest research papers were also discussed in the course,
This course introduces mainly about RNN, GRU and LSTM. Great assignments. 1 score off for the in-correction in assignments. 4.5 scores from me actually.
Great lectures, really well explained, assignments could request more from the trainee to devise the logic instead of having it already defined for him.
Thank you very much for all the work you have done. I have learned so many things... I will try to use this stuff  in the coming months. Yours, Thierry
The course is really good, I would recommend it to anyone who wants to learn the subject, but it lacks support from the staff in the discussion forums.
Very good course. Some editing issues in the lectures and small issues with the programming exercises (outdated Keras instructions and documentation).
The lectures are excellent. The assignments are an extremely valid trace of significant deep learning application, while they lack a bit of challenge.
As always, this course is great. however, for some reason this course is much more difficult then the others, and i feel as if it is packed too much.
Really good course, like the others. A bit too black box in some of the programming exercises, so I expect to struggle when developing my own models.
The videos are really informative and well structured. However, the exams felt like Keras tests. A detailed Keras tutorial would have been helpful.
It was great course, I wish we have more speech recognition contentsHope, you add new course a bit focus on audio/speech recognition etcThank you!
too much content and not much chance to exercise. I will suggest for more frequently and smaller programming assignments through out the course!
The course is nicely designed and every topic is explained in a very lucid manner by Andrew Ng. Must be done as a beginner in sequence models.
Simplified content delivered in just the right way to give a perfect intuition of the complex concepts. Really enjoyed doing the whole course.
Great content, but Andrew often starts his phrases then restarts saying them. Audio could use some cleanup, then this course would be perfect!
Most optional assignments contain bugs/errors. Other than that, this is a great course, just as the 4 other courses in this specialist series.
I give 4 star because some fomulas are not correct! Though this course is really great. I can not understand why you made mistakes on fomulas.
This one seemed to go through to quickly over the details especially with the word vectors and the LSTM, would have appreciated more examples
Very good course, though the assignments towards the end were a little too centered around Keras, which I personally don't care for very much
The instruction of using Keras in the programming assignment is unclear. There are many bugs as well, hence we have versions 1, 2 and 3 etc.
No time series analysis, and some problems in the guidance of some programming tasks. Mainly de first week, the rest of it was pretty good.
Good course. I would suggest to split the first week into 2 weeks, which makes easier to grasp all the concept with a deeper understanding.
The assignments of this course "Sequence Models" require sufficient knowledge of Keras and Tensorflow, which is not friendly to beginners.
There are some problems in the code of the assignments, as well as the expected outputs, which costs a lot of time for me to figure out.
Very Awesome Course i got knowledge about  Sequence to Sequence models and how they works in practical software . Thanks to Prof.Andrew.
Exercises' grader didn't accept all the functions correctly, lose much time searching in the discussion.Too many corrections in the way
Great instructor, good and challenging assignments. Thank you!The grader problem in the Dinosaur Island should be solved once for all.
Everything is great except the last assignment - trigger word detection is hard to save and submit, and i can't even open it sometime.
Parts of the critical details are a little vague, but the intuition and experience provided are extremely valuable and useful for me!
Found it a bit harder to follow along. I believe this topic needs a more indepth treatment and possibly more time (4 weeks at least).
Really good course, but the audio quality (repetitions, periods of silence etc) was decreasing over the course of the specialization
The exercises are somewhat tough for this exercise I think the time should be extended by one week extra to complete the assignment.
The material is great. On the other hand, if we could get a lecture on Keras, it would help us work on the programming assignments.
Besides some technical difficulties in the notebook (and some minor details in the video quality) the course was very informative!
Overall well executed course and sequence. You'll pick up RNN essentials and use Keras/Tensorflow to work through simple examples.
Video editing is bad and assignments have lots of inconsistent wording and bugs, apart from that knowledge wise really good course
Course was very good and I learned a lot. I think assignments can be more open ended to encourage students to try multiple ideas.
Assignments were confusing in when they seemed to work but graded wrong and sometimes they were graded correct but didn't work.
Some programming assignments have few errors in them (wrong equations, wrong expected output etc.) which need to be corrected.
This course is very useful!!! I want to give you 5 stars but there are a lot of bugs on your practice course. Please check it.
Great course. My only complaint is about the assignments. The weren't as polished as in other courses in this specialization.
There were some puzzling parts to the programming assignments (number of trainable parameters), but overall very good course.
Excellent course overall, but the programming assignments left me feeling a it unprepared considering the previous lectures.
Very nicely explained and grateful for that. However, The assignements are little hard to follow from the previous courses.
I am grateful for this course, it literally is redefining my career and what I want to do. Thanks for the excellent course!
Some excercizes were subpar, and some were not interesting, but all in all very good course in which one can learn so much
assignments were good if there is any direct interaction, taking input from the writer itself will be too much excitement.
Good introduction to RNNs, text/music generation, NLP etc.Very comprehensible for intermediates and even beginners in ML.
The low-level framework, such as torch, should be used in the assignment. keras is complicated to understand for newbie.
Had some issues related with the jupyter notebook. Sometimes I had to restart the kernel to get the keras model working
I think a totally different course for NLP & CNN neeeds to be rolled out including their implementation in tensorflow.
Last notebook causing server problems. Large amount of material (theory) covered by compressed programming excercises.
Great course content and well explained by Andrew, looking forward to apply the learning to solve real world problems.
Some items on the assignments were confusing or misleading. But the content of the course was rich and well explained.
Excellent course. It would be better, however, if I could easily download the course slides and notes for quick recap.
Really nice course but some programmation exercises isn't well built. (Compared to the other courses of this section)
Week 3 last assignment must be improved.I faced a lot of problems related to submission.All other aspects are amazing
Excellent as usual, but not quite up to the usual standards, I felt some of the lectures and exercises were rushed...
Cool exercises and good explanation, just too much focus on text mining and too little on actual RNN's if you ask me.
Nice intro in recurrent neural networks.I'd prefer more focus on why the architectures are designed the way they are.
I would have liked to have had an assignment covering beam search but overall it was excellent introduction to RNNs.
overall it's great, but I think this course is a little bit high level on RNNs, I expected more content on GRU/LSTM.
Great course but it took them forever to finally open it.The course also has issues with submitting last assignment.
Text Processing exercises should be added. Most of the examples are from image and speech. Overall good experience.
Great Course. But could improve on explanation part. And could teach more about architectures such as LSTM and GRU.
Great course ! However, there are several errors in the project assignments and it has been delayed for two months.
I felt like important concepts were glossed over far more in this course than previous courses in this curriculum.
The update and correction of error should be more effectively and actively managed. That's the only error so far.
The assignments should be after each topic or lecture because in the end is difficult to enhance the knowledge.
Good course, but the errors in the last exercise was annoying and I missed a bit more about speech recognition.
Only complaint is that the exercises are too easy when all answers are practically given in the hints section.
Interesting topics but some fairly frustrating assignments. Happy to get a better understanding of NLP though!
Super excited to finish this course. I've tone of questions not answered in forums I'm still waiting answers.
This was the toughest one of the 5. Great learning, but may be it could've been made a tad bit more intuitive
The quiz section needs to improve. It would be helpful that notes be also given as an outline of the ppts.
A bit too much material without going in depth anywhere. Also, code-grader sometimes behaves very strange
Some inconsistencies with the HW level (week 2 basically told you what to write) but very good lectures.
Keras exercises tough to get through based on provided information, but the content was superb as always
Really good course. Exercises are not always connected to the core of the deep learning problem though..
The course is great , in the assignments it is  better to stick to single package and TF is preferable.
Highly recommended course to understand the concept of speech recognition models, very real use cases.
Very good course. Only, sometimes a bit more cryptic respect to the other ones in the specialization
Great lectures. The quality of exercises are also amazing, although some typos should be fixed asap.
Some concepts need to be explained more detailed, otherwise I feel hard to keep up with the lecture
Great class. However, they are some typos/mistakes in the explanations of programming assignments.
learned a lot but I wish their should be some sort of referencing material for further exploration
Lecture content is pretty good. Exercises are much more finicky (less robust) than prior courses.
more excercise should be there in last course, but overall content was very goodthanks Andrew ng
The Attention model still needs more explanation. I haven't completely grasped attention models
More errors than most in the projects. Likely due to the rush of getting this final course out
Very good course, informative and easy to follow. Only problem I had is with its auto grader.
Really good course but compared to others optional assigments lack instructions in this one.
My only  complain is Keras. A crash course/lecture on Keras would benefit this course a lot!
The course is of high quality. However, it is not as good and clear as the previous courses.
Content needs a few improvements in quality but otherwise a valuable and instructive course.
Fine training, had some tchnicalities with the pythonn notebook which cost me loads of time.
The practice was more guided than other courses. Felt that the Coursera team did all for me
Perfect course except there are are some mistake/ambiguous instruction in course assignment
Great course. Would like it if he kept his notation consistent with what is in the papers.
a lot to learn, content is well presented as usual. one of the assignments requires rework
Seem like not as good as before course,Wait so much time but is not clear as course before
There are many bugs in the assignment. Else, the material content and videos are great!
Really good but I guess you should teach more about how to apply all these models more.
Too many errors are in assignments. Also, Some APIs from Keras are not well explained.
The assignment code instructions (specifically the code comments were very confusing).
it was hard to catch up to all the new stuff, but as a first step, it's not that bad.
I feel the programming assignments should be revised. I have encountered many errors.
There were a couple of problems with the grader that made this course less enjoyable.
some of the auto graders were a bit buggy, but overall loved the course and material
Nice content. Spend some time on homework since I'm not very familiar with keras.
coding style is out-of-date. Could the TA update the coding homework regularly?
I wish there was a more thorough tutorial on the Keras programming environment.
Another awesome course. But I feel Word Embeddings part could have been better.
A very good course in terms of application , again Dr. Ng did an excellent job
The course is great but I was hoping to have a part about time series inside.
Great Course on giving an Introduction to RNN and basic NLP architectures !!
Please allow students to complete assignment from scratch. Without any help.
More exemple than Only NLP would have been nice ! But overall a great course
This is a good course. However, this topic deserves much more detailed work.
Great Content with real-time example looking forward to doing more courses
Please remove repetitions from videos, really annoying thing. Great job :)
Awesome notebooks to gain practical experience with deep learning systems.
This course is very interesting! Again! It requires basic Keras knowlegde.
Course is excellent. Assignment, however, could use some more refinement.
It would be good to extend some more detailed explanation in this course
need some reviewing in the optional parts of the programming assignments
Excellent course content, but poor maintenance of programming assignment
Provides good exposure to sequence models for NLP and speech processing.
Great exercises but videos were slightly rushed. Overall a good course.
Good course. Feel a little bit rushed. Difficult to retain the concepts
The content is great, but the programming exercises are full of errors.
Some techniques for keras need to be clarified. Generally a good course
It required coding on keras and tensorflow not appropriate introduced.
The Course is great! But the programming assignments has too many bugs
it's very difficult to submit last programming exercise "trigger word"
More clarification on what we are doing in the programming exercises
Great introduction to LSTMs, RNNs, GRUs, NLP and speech recognition.
Great content but I felt it was bit rushed and squeezed in 3 weeks .
The quality was a bit down but still very worthwhile and interesting
Great practical experience. Would have preferred a bit more theory.
it covered a lot of interesting topics but it was a bit high level.
great course to understand intuition of sequence modeling for NLP.
Well explained, I feel like it could go a bit more in depth though
The good course as the theoretical basis for RNN and other models
Attention Models is not that clear. Everything else is excellent.
Excellent lectures. Some programming exercises need more clarity.
Very hard, but not your fault, very good course ! Thank you !!!!
Exercises have less quality than the ones in previous courses.
I think this course needs to have a continuation to go deeper.
Grader was wrong sometimes. Typos everywhere in the notebooks.
Good course but can add more models to get a deep dive in NLP
There is some noise in the video which is greatly disturbing.
Maybe should give some advice about the future learning path.
Great course focus on natural processing and music examples.
Much harder than previous ones, but also really interesting.
Would have liked an example outside of nlp, otherwise awsome
Content is little less intuitive compared to other courses.
codes are too long and it is taking time for codes to run
Greeeeeeeeeeeeeeeat but less than the first four courses.
The program in the exercise is a bit hard to understand.
Good when it came. Annoying for the 2 month launch delay
i'd like to have applications more suited to real world
it would have been better if he used more visualization
There were a lot of problems with notebook task grader.
Great course, but too many mistakes in the assignments.
Good content, it would have been good to do more keras
Great insights, helpful notebooks, good explanations.
Again, programming assignment should work flawlessly!
Very good introduction to RNNs and their variations.
Too much details! Too little time. More exercises!
Excellent content, the auto-grader not so awesome.
Very good course but can be too rushing sometimes.
A little too difficult to understand from scratch
A little bit less quality than the previous ones.
More programming examples/exercises would be good
useful to familiar with RNN, GRU, LSTM and so on.
Exercises are a bit tough and misunderstanding...
It will be nice if the videos are more detailed.
The course was really interesting and well done
One task has a bug and impossible to complete.
hope there are more projects about time series
The programming assingments have some errors.
Amazing Course with Awesome practice problems
not as fun as CNN course but still so useful!
a little bit too hard for the sequence model
I found this course bit difficult to grasp.
Good but too long to follow with patience
Very good introduction to sequence models
Great courses. Only 4 because too short !
More In depth optional videos are needed.
I found it not that easy to comprehend.
The assignments were mostly copy paste.
Not that interesting for me personally.
jupyter notebooks with a bunch of error
Fantastic lectures and helpful quizzes
Notebooks seemed to be made in a hurry
good insights for RNN and time series
Some of the tests were a bit too easy
Need more inputs for keras library.
This sections was very interesting.
an easy way to learn the conception
Wish there was a tutorial on Keras
Not good as the previous courses.
It seemed a bit rushed in the end
Good place to get back to basics
not as good as the rest of the 5
I finally have a superpower!!
Really helpful and intersting
Quite a good course overall.
difficult to understand well
As always, amazing content !
Cool course, learned LSTMs.
amazing introduction to RNN
more exercise would be nice
Assignments are awesome!
It's really interesting!
Andrew Ng. is too good.
it is really not easy..
more material is needed
Good work by Andrew NG.
It was a great lecture
It was Amazing !!!!
Concise and helpful
I liked the course
It was tough :)
A bit cryptic
a bit hard!
I am so grateful that Andrew and the team provided such good course, I learn so much from this course, I am so excited that see the wake word detection model actually work in the programming exercise
To set the context, I have a PhD in Computer Engineering from the University of Texas at Austin. I am a working professional (13+ years), but just getting into the field of ML and AI. Apologies for flashing this preamble for every course that I review on coursera.This course is the 5th and final one in a 5 part series offered by Dr. Andrew Ng on deep learning on coursera. I believe it is useful to take this course in order and it makes sense to study it as a part of the series, though technically that is not necessary.This is one of the best courses to take if you want to understand the basics of Sequence Models (Recurrent Neural Networks). RNN is a technically-difficult-to-understand, still-evolving field of Neural Networks, and it has thus far found remarkable uses in a wide variety of field, ranging from Natural Language Processing (NLP) to Voice-to-Text conversion and Music Synthsis, to name a few. Dr. Ng really exposes us to this cutting edge research, by explaining research papers that were only recently published. By now, I could see how the problems would be tackled.  However, there are several subtle aspects, such as the optimal metrics to use, the clever modification in the NN architecture, etc. which Dr. Ng drew attention to and made clear.The instructor videos are very good, usually 10 min long, and Dr. Ng tries hard to provide intuition using analogies and real-life examples. The quizzes that accompany the lectures are quite challenging and help ensure that the student has understood the material well. As with the other courses, the programming exercises are the best part of the course. You get to practice, (1) Music synthesis, (2) NLP and Sentiment Analysis, (3) Trigger Word Detection (Hello Google, Hey Siri, Alexa!), ... All these problems are actual, real-life projects, which are extremely difficult to solve. They help the student practice the strategies and also provide a jump-start for the student to use the code for their own problems at work or in school.Overall, this is an excellent course. Thank you Dr Ng and the teaching assistants, Thank you coursera.I HAVE A HUGE GRIPE WITH COURSERA's TECHNICAL SUPPORT.  THEY DO NOT HAVE A READILY AVAILABLE TECH-SUPPORT EMAIL ID.  YOU HAVE TO SEARCH THROUGH THE WEBSITE CAREFULLY TO FIND A CHAT LINK. I HAVE RECOMMENDED COURSERA TO SEVERAL FRIENDS AND MANY OF THEM ARE VERY UPSET AT THE SUBSCRIPTION POLICY, WHICH IS SNEAKY.  IN FACT THE WORDING IS ALMOST DESIGNED TO CHEAT YOU.I have been a huge supporter of Coursera and hate to give this negative feedback here.  I would have easily subscribed to many other useful and important coursers that Coursera offers, but will now be doubly careful about doing so.
I want to thank Andrew Ng and his team for the amazing work. You definitely make the world a better place sharing this knowledge, and it is an inspiration.To the contents: the course covers many uses of sequence models, for many different formats (many-to-one, many-to-many...), the questionnaires are focused but comprehensive and the programming exercises cover a wide range of difficulty levels, from no-brainer-one-liners (most of them) to implementing LSTM backprop by hand (optional). They take away the dirty work from you but make sure you get how you would do it. At the end you get to work with pretty complex setups like the attention model, but you still get the feeling of knowing how it ticks from the very bottom up.The actual merit is that, even if it feels simple, it actually does work and is a takeaway knowledge that can be directly applied for personal setups. And mr Ng's videos are a charm, you can totally feel the care. Glad to see him back after so many years :) Cheers
Great hands on instruction on how RNNs work and how they are used to solve real problems. It was particularly useful to use Conv1D, Bidirectional and Attention layers into RNNs and see how they work.
Loved the course - it was very interesting. It is also pretty complex, so will probably go through it again to review the concepts and how the models work. Thank you for this wonderful course series!
I'm blown away by how quickly this series of courses brought me from thinking a neural network was a magic box full of fairy dust, to being able to understand even the (al)most complex of network architectures and what makes them tick at every level at a glance. A lot of time has obviously gone into structuring this course; not an ounce of fat present and the format of developing intuition before diving into the nitty gritty and optional further learning resonates with me on so many levels. Thank you Andrew Ng and the team at deepmind.ai and coursera!
Learnt a lot about new concepts in RNN and LSTM. Really wanted to learn about these models. This course helped a lot. Everything was new and so fascinating. Loved this course and our teach Andrew NG.
If not Internet, I would not have been able to study a world-class Deep Learning course at an affordable price. Thanks Andrew and team.
Very good. I have no complaints. I though instruction was very  clear. Assignments were very helpful and challenging enough that I learned something, but not so challenging that I got stuck too often.
The course is very good and has taught me the all the important concepts required to build a sequence model. The assignments are also very neatly and precisely designed for the real world application.
The lectures covers lots of SOTA deep learning algorithms and the lectures are well-designed and easy to understand. The programming assignment is really good to enhance the understanding of lectures.
Hope can elaborate the backpropagation of RNN much more. BP through time is a bit tricky though we do not need to think about it during implementation using most of existing deep learning frameworks.
I was really happy because I could learn deep learning from Andrew Ng.The lectures were fantastic and amazing.I was able to catch really important concepts of sequence models.Thanks a lot!
Wonderful end to this Deep Learning Specialization. The programming assignments cover up a variety of hot topics in the Deep Learning market. The videos are very well made and teach the content in depth. A special thanks to Prof. Andrew for yet another amazing course in this wonderful specialization!
Great module, I am lucky to have used this resources in learning sequence models, I can imagine running LSTM using one of the frameworks without ever implementing it myself, Andrew Ng/Deeplearning.ai  is the best!
Professor Andrew is really knowledgeable. I learn a lot from his lecture videos.
A year ago I was basically "on blank" in regards of Machine Learning.I've started "my journey" on ML about 9 months ago, with a text book I've got on Amazon called "Data Mining, Practical Machine Learning Tools and Techniques", Self taught I've read, transcribed, done some math, covered the half of it. But I needed something more practical to speed up, so I've tried also with the coursesfrom "Super Data Science"'s team on Udemy, but found them to be too focused on practice rather than deep reasoning of it (I might be wrong but that's the impression I had); So I needed more formal, University-like.I've decided to try out Andrew's first course on Machine Learning (with Matlab), which gave me much greater view and understanding, had my head melting specially on weeks 4-6, but after finishing the course I've felt I did finally know what ML was! but still there was "a lot missing", given the course was already a bit old, and the technology had developed greatly since then.Fortunately to me, I've found out about this specialisation right after I've finished the first course and I've signed up immediately. Today (14.4.2018) I've finished the second specialisation. After 6 months of continuos dedication, doing the first 3 month course, plus this 3 month specialisation.Homeworks in Matlab and Python were my next challenge, even I'm a developer for 15 years (C# / Java, C). Combining a lot of new theory in a new language made it harder but also satisfying.I'm the kind of person that needs to understand why things work as they work, that might be my weakness but also my strength; It's not enough for me to drive the car, but I need to know how to tune it. I must tell that for example, a video/lecture of 15 minutes meant to me usually 60 minutes of work, transcribing, doing the math, etc. That made my 6 months particularly long..
This is again a fantastic course and what a nice way to finish the Deep Learning Specialization. It is certainly the most difficult one from the whole specialization and has taken me a lot longer than I planned. This is partially due to the fact that focus is shifted a bit more towards the programming assignments and concepts that are only briefly mentioned in the lectures turn out to be crucial for the assignments. The forum helps a lot, without it I would not have  been able to crack the first week, especially the optional parts of the assignments. There were also a few errors in derivation formulas, that had set me back, but in the end I understood the concepts a lot better and found some nice complementary resources online. And the RNNs are more complex and seem more variable than other network architectures, so that is ok that this course is more difficult. Now I feel that I finally have a good grasp of Deep Learning concepts and have a nice set of skills. And the assignments are super fun and very useful. Thank you Andrew Ng and your team for making such a wonderful content. I teach at the university-level and I can only imagine how much effort goes into preparing such a course and at such a high level of expertise. I encourage everyone to take this specialization, this specialization is the main gem in Coursera, in my opinion.
It is apparent how much thought and effort has been put into creating these courses.  Dr. Ng introduces you to state-of-the-art CNN and Sequence models which are quite complex.  But he expertly presents it to you so that you can focus on the essential aspects and not the details.  In courses 1-3, you might feel like you're being spoon-fed in the assignments but it is really a great approach to ease you into the deep learning field.  In courses 4 and 5, there is less guidance so that you can become more independent and be able to figure things out on your own.  After all, this is how it will be in our future jobs - no more TA's then.  One thing I really appreciated in this specialization was the use of good notation.  For me this was very important because it made it easier to apply theory into practice (via the assignments).  Another thing is the amazing selection CNN and sequence model topics that were covered.  Because of this, I now have a good idea where to focus my future projects/work.  I also loved the assignments because they helped me understand the concepts much better.       For future students, please note that there are mini tutorials for Python (in Course 1), TensorFlow (in Course 2), and Keras (in Course 4).  Keras is used a lot in Course 5 but there is no Keras tutorial in that course.
This review applies to all of the courses in the Deep Learning Specialization. First, I want to thank Professor Ng so much!!! This Deep Learning Specialization was fantastic!! I feel more proud after completing this than I did after finishing the CPA exam!I took Professor Ng's Machine Learning course as a prerequisite, which I would recommend to everyone before diving into the Deep Learning Specialization. The switch from Octave to Python can be a little tricky, but stick with it. Octave allows you to gain a deeper understanding of the Linear Algebra aspects and matrix multiplication than Python does (for me it did anyway).The entire line up of courses prepares you so well to develop an eye for deep learning use cases and gives you the skills necessary to dive in and start applying deep learning solutions to real world scenarios.I'm so proud to have completed this specialization and I cannot wait to start building my own models and come up with ideas to benefit society! :DWith Gratitude,Justin
A terrific set of courses that builds deep learning skills in neural networks.  The course guides the student through various time based models to address how speech recognition, music generation, sentiment classification, machine translation, video activity and name entity recognition.The journey includes Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN), Language Models and Sequence Generation for NLP tasks,  Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU), Long Short Term Memory (LSTM), Bi-directional (BRNN),  Deep RNNs, Word embedding for NLP, analogies, GloVe, Sentiment, and de-biasing. The final week includes Sequence Models with Attention, BEAM search, BLEU Score, Speech Recognition, and finally trigger word detection.The course takes works, attention to detail, patience with the programming exercises, and diligence in completing the videos, quizzes, and coding work.  Highly recommend this course for the intermediate level ML practitioner that has Python backgrounds and wants to get a TensorFlow and Keras introduction
Dear Prof. Andrew, it is with great gratitude that I leave you this message. After following your Deep Learning specialization, I have finally reached the level that will allow me to reach my goals in my projects, something I thought complex to do in 5 years but I did it in a 2 month interval. Your specialization in Deep learning is in my opinion the raw material to explode in AI. Each one of your 5 courses is like the meal that you never end even if you eat it all your life. I hope I'm not the only one of your students who has this enthusiasm, however you have already received many testimonials about your courses on coursera of which you are a Founder. Thank you so much for giving me a meal whose appetite never ends, thank you for giving me 80% of the subjects that are my goals. Thank you for Coursera. Every time I start watching one of your videos in the course, I want to stay there for as long as possible, thank you for making me love AI again and again. May God bless you infinitely
In the beginning, I found the instructor a little difficult to understand, even though he is very good at explaining complicated concepts simply.  I am sure part of the reason is that I was unfamiliar with the technical terms.  Once I switched on the captioning option, my comprehension improved however I noticed an average of at least one translation error per video and these seemed to be caused by the instructor's accent and were sometimes very interesting errors.  So, I guess the system could use a little more training with the specific AI vocabulary and/or adjusting the context error settings for the subject matter.     However, once I had the captioning on, it was harder to follow the notes because sometimes the important information was right under the captions.  What was really helpful was when he summarized with typed versions for two reasons.  One, it was clearer to read and understand.  Second, it was higher on the screen and did not overlap with the captioning.
This is definitely a top-flight course and supremely useful!  I learned many new things about practical applications of recurrent neural networks in this class and found the natural language emphasis to be very useful, particularly for certain problems I have been working on for some time!  Professor Ng's lectures are very well-organized and clear and follow a very logical sequence.  The assignments, especially the programming assignments, are well designed and do a very good job of building upon what is taught in the lectures and add a great deal of value to this class.  I especially like the fact that we worked so much with Keras, which is an important framework for building Deep Learning systems and which is so widely used (it is the framework I often use in my own projects), and I acquired a lot of new knowledge about Keras thanks to this course.  Overall, it was a superb learning experience, and I will be recommending this to both friends and colleagues.
During the past couple of months, I worked on this Deep Learning Course Specialization Course by deeplearning.ai (through Coursera). I think is a great course for everyone that is interested in learning more about this topic and not only the theoretical aspects but also from a practical point of view. Andrew NG does an excellent work by going through the theory and then leaving some time for the practical exercises which are the best and, at the same time, the most challenging part of this specialization. These exercises start with very basic stuff but quickly turn into interesting problems related to convolutional neural networks, face recognition and end up with sequence algorithms for natural language processing.
If you are interested in building your own NN algorithms, learning about Keras and TensorFlow and spend some time working on applied exercises then I would recommend you this course!
It was an amazing course. From the beginning to the end, Andrew Ng has laid out all of the parts of the course extremely well. Of course, given the nature of RNNs and their complexity, it will also take your effort to make sure that you understand what he is talking about. Another note about the assignments, previous reviews have mentioned some of the problems and how the previous courses had better structured assignments. I think that the deeplearning.ai team has done a tremendous job of improving the content of this course assignments. At moments, it feels like you are lost, but deep explanations make sure that you understand everything and are able to implements all of the parts of the system that you have to implement. Please take this course!
I like the way Andrew introduce the topic. From the easier cases to the more difficult ones.It would be better to use @ instead of np.dot. I like it better.It would be nice to have a simpler method to download the notebooks with all the datasets, images, helper modules. And also to have a description what does one assignment needs to run on my own computer.Thanks for the possibility to learn deep learning with Python. I am curious whether Julia, that is a kind of mixture of Python and MATLAB with parallel computing, will gain popularity.As a Linux desktop user the attached pptx files are sometimes hard to read. There is no PPT just LibreOffice on my laptop. I preferred the Machine Learning courses PDF files. But the notebooks are great.
Great topics and discussion, however the lectures started to gloss over the details of implementation which were left entirely to the exercises.Started to get the basic hang of Tensorflow and Keras by this point in the series, however it was a bit of cut and paste from previous exercises, thus still requiring a lot of forum review to sort out syntax issues.I get the dynamic aspect of writing the lecture notes in the videos, however the lecture notes should be "cleaned up" in the downloadable files (i.e., typos corrected and typed up). Additionally, the notes written in the video could be written and organized more clearly (e.g., uniform directional flow across the page/screen rather than randomly fit wherever on the page.
It was an unbelievable journey through this Deep Learning Specialization! I really felt the power of the tools I obtained during the past 3 weeks that it took me to pass all 5 courses of the specialization. Many of the Programming Assignments are demanding and in the end I could be extremely satisfied that I succeeded in taking them all. Thanks a lot to Andrew Ng and all involved for making this sequence of courses accessible to people like me, and presenting it in such an understandable and interesting way! Now, I can start thinking of the vast potential for using Deep Neural Networks not only in Research and Space Sciences, where my interests are, but also in my daily life. Very many thanks again! AJ
The whole series was excellent but in particular this last course on RNNs. Thank you for not skipping the mathematical details and letting us figure out backpropagations through time and how Adam works under the hood and explaining LSTMs and Attention so well. There was even a notebook on Attention! And the dinosaurus notebook was cool but the jazz improvisation really blew me away: the music actually sounded really nice! :) Also, thank you for pre-training the models to safe us time and teach us how to resume training from learned weights! The quizzes were helpful in developing an intuition and the price point was more than fair. Perfect series, Andrew, thanks a lot!Best, Maurice
Previously, I have taken online classes before in Machine Learning by going the cheap route (Udemy, blogs, youtube) and you get what you pay for. Andrew Ng explains it the most thorough, easiest, and simplest way possible.  Presentation material is very understandable. Great class for new machine learning learners. Highly recommend it. The only downside is that the programming exercises are little too easy in my opinion. I feel like the best way to get your hands dirty is to do actual projects (do your own projects). These lectures are good for intuition and background of different types of Neural Network architectures. Other than that, Great material. Thanks Andrew!
A very good course. It presented gated units like GRU and LSTM with so much simplicity that anyone can understand it on the first run. The downsides were the Jazz music generation, since it was the only task where the data is non intuitive (MIDI files) so you black-box apply the algorithm to a data you have no idea how it is structured, unless, of course, you are familiar with MIDI files prior to this course. Other than that, the learning curve was a bit slower in the beginning, but explodes by the end of the course, where you put all the subjects you've learned to perform a neural machine translation, which, in my opinion, was hugely awesome and rewarding.
Like all other course in this specialization, this is also indeed a great course. It fundamentally clears concepts and gives very clear concpts for topics such as RNN and LSTM, which can ohterwise can be difficult to digest. Also, the programming excersices, built on great topics, suh as Music synthesis, Trigger word activation, are exciting to work on. The only feedback I would like to suggest, is that topics of Backpropogation for sequence model is critical and should have been taken up indepth in study rather than left to excerciss only. Overall this course is more fast paced and packed 3 weeks which should have been perhaps a 4 week course.
This course teaches in-depth knowledge of sequence models in natural language processing and speech regocnition . The programming excercises and the quizzes provide more content to furthur your grasp on the matter . The progamming exercises being totally in Keras , provides a clear analogy of how LSTM s and GRU s , work along with attention models introduced in the last week. You also have to implement  a LSTM and RNN from scratch in Numpy , which provides for the basic knowledge how these architectures actually work. Overall , it was a great experience and taking this course should be a pre-requisite for all learning in NLP.
Whew! This was very interesting and challenging. I have a huge backlog of things I need to go back and read up on and better understand. I really appreciate the work that Andrew and his team put into these courses.  The lectures were very well paced and clear. His temperament is exemplary for a teacher and his subject knowledge comes across.  I found the exercises really well thought out and beautifully crafted. The coding style could not have been more clear and the consistency made it understandable despite the complexity of the subject and the limited time to delve into the mechanics of Keras and the Python tools. Bravo!
The last course is in this series does not disappoint. I found this course to be more difficult than the others; likely because I had very little prior exposure to recurrent neural networks. However, this course is worth the effort as it opens up a realm of new possibilities; text, audio & time-series data. Whether you need to detect, classify or translate sequences, or even generate new sequences in the vein of some examples, this course is for you. There are several high-level APIs for performing these tasks but having a deeper understanding of what these APIs are doing is invaluable to your success. Take this course.
An extremely well thought off and comprehensive introduction to sequence models, with examples taken from the most important/interesting application domains. Andrew NG's clarity of exposition is absolutely wonderful on such an otherwise complex area. The assignments are very cleverly chosen and helped me to finally get to grips with Keras. This being a new course, the assignment notebooks had a few minor issues that are well known by now and documented in forums and erratas, and will likely be fixed in subsequent reruns. Nevertheless, given the breadth and quality of the content, 5 starts are absolutely well deserved.
This was, in my opinion, the best of the 5 courses. Actually, here's how I'd rank the courses (from best to worse): 5, 1, 2, 3, 4I learned a lot about sequence models and half-way through the course, I was able to jump right in and try some ideas I had in PyTorch.The assignments could use a bit more work: I didn't really feel inspired by them and their "fill in the blank" style prevented me from thinking too hard.All in all, I highly recommend this entire specialization. I was completely clueless about deep learning at the beginning, but now I'm actually trying out some novel ideas!Thanks so much Andrew and the team.
This course, undoubtedly, has the toughest assignments compared to all the previous courses. The content is rich and informative. Again, pay close attention to the hints given in the programming exercises. If you don't follow, check the Discussion Forums to get a hint. Professor Andrew, your teaching is absolutely sublime - Crisp and concise. Personally, I would have loved an entire week dedicated to Attention Models as the entire concept seemed a bit rushed. Other than that, I have absolutely no qualms! For the people who are enrolling for THIS course only - make sure you're pretty good with Python and Keras.
This a the last and the most anticipated course for me. It's hard, informative and most useful. I've got chance to learn some popular and powerful methods within the years, like word embedding and attention mechanism. I start to understand the way deep learning community deal with NLP, i.e., ingenious design of network structure inspired by the pattern human beings perceive the world. It doesn't enjoy solid foundation as statistical learning does, but is works and suitable for engineering. That's astonishing! I hope I can combine deep learning with traditional methods to better understand NLP.
I just want to say Thanks to Andrew and the team for a great content. I may not be able to create award winning NLP models after this course, but I have learned a bunch about them. Lots of work went into creating great videos and even more in creating the programming projects. I really appreciate the format of the programming assignments. For someone with not much experience in DL, they were pretty close to perfect: I felt I was not left to fend for myself, yet they were not overly simple and forced me to solidify what was thought in the lectures and learn better. Thank You Andrew and team!
Thanks very much for Andrew Ng and the other teachers, who made a series of these awesome classes including  videos or programming works running on the jupyter-notebook. And also thanks the finical aid provided by the Coursera, I can't finished this course without your generous help. After a hard work with  the Deep Learning classes, not only gained the knowledges, but inspired by the spirt from Andrew that "try to help people with your technology", which actually changed my mind, I will study more, do better to remember that in my life. Thank you and hope the world be a better place.
Awesome Course! Learned a lot. Would highly recommend this to anyone willing to learn NLP, Sequence Modelling, Word Embeddings, Machine Translation and related stuff. The course builds from fundamentals of NLP like RNNs then LSTMs/GRUs to Word Representations to Sequence-to-Sequence Modelling. At the end you'd learn so much that by just looking at a single slide of an overview of Trigger Word Detection you could make the entire DL model yourself. You'd be fluent with Keras after completing this course. I'd like to thank the Instructor, the Teaching Assistants and the mentors.
I have taken now 6 or 7 courses conducted by Andrew Ng, including this series of 5, and it is absolutely amazing to me that a person of his eminence & level of achievements would even take the time to offer courses like this series. And, what makes it still more incredible is his sincerity, humility and genuine enthusiasm for the subject matter and his gift for explaining it, especially when it becomes very complex. It is just so inspiring; he is truly a rare & exceptional person & teacher and I look forward to taking whatever other courses he is conducting or recommending.
The last course is a little bit more difficult than the previous! Although I majored in Civil Engineering and got my Master's degree in 2018, since I finished the Machine Learning class of Ng 2 months ago,I found this art is so charming and powerful ,so I continued to finish the CS229, That is also a wonderful course!! And today,this DL course was also completed, now I am attending the CS231N class~  Thank you Ng ,thank u cousera, because of you,I have a chance to attend those amazing course from the most famous university. Ng,thanks,you are doing a great thing,thank u!!
Amazing course. This course was very informative. The assignments gives students the ability to code in keras and use those NLP models described in lectures in the programming assignments.I felt there was enough help during the programming assignments from the instructors /mentors on the discussion board. The only thing I wish about this course is to let the students program the Data science part of the programming assignment. I felt some of the details of the pre-processing of the data was already done. It would have been nice to do that or add as an optional part.
Very frustrating grader. Really time wasting. What is this team trying to accomplish with such disorganized efforts? I hope to see more improvements in the future. I have just completed week1's assignments and revising my reviews from 1 to 4 because the course content is really good and has softened the disappointments caused by the grader. After week1, the grader frustrations eased as it was working more and more consistently. Most importantly, I learned lots of cool stuff and so I am revising my reviews from 4 to 5. I hope all grader issues are now resolved.
A huge thanks for this journey in the specialisation. The material is of high quality and the pedagogie of high qualiber! My only regret is that the course is not longer :P I would have love a course about GAN for example. Also an advanced followup on this specialisation would be amazing. Wanting to learn more i will probably continue my path with https://eu.udacity.com/course/deep-reinforcement-learning-nanodegree--nd893?referrer=nvidia&utm_source=nvidia&utm_medium=partner&utm_campaign=referrerpage, however i would love to continue with deeplearning.ai !
With time and perseverance, most of us are able to complete this final course of a rather challenging specialization. I particularly like the final course because the programming assignments combine architectures and techniques we learned in previous courses/weeks including CNN, RNN, GRU, Attention, LSTM, just to name a few. We also repeatedly write codes in Keras which give us a lot of practice and without being bogged down to every little detail. Big thanks to Andrew and team for making this specialization available to world's deep learning community.
El curso es muy bueno, particularmente estoy muy agradecido con COURSERA,  por darme la oportunidad de hacer los cinco cursos de la Especialización en Deep Learning con ayuda economica y permitirme tener acceso a este tipo de capacitacion y certificacion. Muchas Gracias…!The course is very good, particularly I am very grateful to COURSERA, for giving me the opportunity to do the five courses of the Deep Learning Specialization with financial aid and allowing me to have access to this type of training and certification. Thank you very much!
This is a superb module which provides you with the skills that will enable you get going fast in developing real world applications that can be modeled as sequence data. You learn of the latest state of the art techniques of developing sequence models using techniques such as GRU's, LSTM's, how to debug them and also how to employ Attention models to make your models that much efficient for problems in NLP, Machine Translation and Speech Recognition. This course is a must for anyone who wants to be a sound practitioner of AI. I love it.
Though there are some minor lost clarifications in the flow, the general learning experience of this course is overwhelmingly practical and relevant to many real world scenarios. Personally felt this course completed the knowledge graph (of course I only have a preliminary understanding of everything) and opens many doors for future learning.One nit-pick is Keras documentation can be annoying confusing and misleading at times. Would suggest to revise programming assignment instructions based on some popular threads in Forum discussions.
As usual, Andrew makes AI almost look easy. I have one comment about programming exercises. There are errors in the text sometimes and, at least personally, I don't have a habit to check discussion forums first, before starting work on the assignment so these things were sometimes a source of lost time, scratching my head where have I gone wrong only to find that the results are correct and it was the notebook that was not up to date.This aside, I would recommend this course to anyone interested in AI. Keep up the good work!
Finally, I understood LSTMs, thanks to this course, thanks to Andrew! Before this course, I spent many hours reading papers on LSTMs and trying to figure out what is going on with all these "Gates", but couldn't understand intuitions behind them. In this course not only I learned and understood them, but also I learned a lot about machine translation and speech recognition which I was frightened to approach them. This course gave me all fundamental concepts and tools that I needed to be able to deal with sequential data.
Completed Deep Learning specialization in the DeepLearning.ie. I really liked this course, it will be useful not only for the beginners, but also for the specialists, which want to have an overview about current neural networks trends and see the interview from the best specialists of AI. To make this course perfect I would recommend to fix some errors in the theory of programming assignments (specially in the last 2 courses). Sometimes this issues are confusing and forcing to check on the forums correctness of the task.
The material was interesting and very clear (like previous courses in this specialisation)I think due to the complexity and nature of these subject, it's hard to grasp it all based on this programming assignment because in each exercise I was only able to implement a fraction of the "big picture". It would be very helpful to have a kind of "running" assignment, in which you start with an actual blank slate, and build all the building blocks from scratch so I can have much better understanding of the bigger picture.
Lectures are great as expected. Thanks Andrew for everything! Programming practices are so good that everyone can see the designers must have put tons of hours to prepare for learners. Especially all the steps about the GRU, LSTM, Attention and etc are listed very clearly with no confusion.  As of today as far as I know this course must be The Best online course about Sequence Model. Will keep learning from going over all the materials it provides. Debugging is a part of learning though painful and time consuming.
Great course!!! The best online course I have ever taken! I enjoyed almost every day I participated in that specialization, really an educational treasure! It is so comprehensive and detailed at the same time. Due to the good presentation of the topics it was really understandable. The only thing I would wish for future participants: please make it easier to get the complete Jupyter notebook environments from the Coursera platform once completed. I spent a lot of time here - even after consuming the related blogs.
Great content! Andrew's lectures are great as always. The assignments are absolutely exciting and fun. Obviously the team put a tremendous effort on the programming exercises to make them doable for laymen yet not trivial. The exercises avoid using libraries (like Keras and TensorFlow) at the very beginning. Instead, they started with the more basic Numpy implementations. After these practice, I am able to grasp what each layer is actually doing. My only suggestion is to correct some trivial typos in the Notebook.
I like how it injects the idea of a subjective language/audio processing into a mathematical model learned by a computer. The whole team managing this class has been very careful in setting up the quizzes and machine problems to let the students get their hands dirty on machine learning projects. I gave 5 stars because it encourages people to read research papers, tells if a particular paper is hard to read, recommends papers that are easy to read. This way, more people can be interested in the world of research.
Thank you for helping me to get over the initial barrier to entry in NLP and audio data with this Sequence Models course. LSTM's are core to so many current technologies, and building them from scratch has provided me with good intuition for working with them.  There was a good mix of numpy and Keras, as well as having the homework be clear enough to work through without getting stuck on minutia. It's always a pleasure to listen to Andrew Ng walk us through a problem with clarity, simplicity, and enthusiasm.
The course is well thought and easy to follow. I regret not starting on this earlier in my quest to understand RNNs. It is the best source I found through shopping around. The courses is scheduled for three weeks, but is actually doable in an afternoon + a morning session if you have some python programming skills and enjoy 2x on your lectures. My one complaint is not with the course itself but the whole series. I mislike the subscription model for payments. I prefer a one time payment for life-time access.
In this last module of the specialization, you will learn in details how the recurrent neural networks works. I really enjoyed and had fun with the programing assignments specially the Emojify and the trigger word detection. After the course, you feel comfortable to read all papers mentioned as references throughout the course. Moreover, professor Andrew NG is awesome because he explains the content clearly, it is a pleasure to watch his videos and he provides everything you need to go the extra mile.
Couldn't be more grateful for having the opportunity to take this specialization. The instructions were just at the right level of illustrating theory in practice, and the programming exercise at the right level to gain intuitions with implementation details. So many rights !!!  Personally, I had the confidence that the syllabus is exhaustive and the callouts to research were just great. Overall ... excellent resource I will revisit often. Thank you to everyone who put this together and to Prof Ng.
Thank you, everyone, on the team for such an orchestration of the course. It was excellent to get to know the concepts of deep learning and it increased my interest in the field exponentially. A special thanks to Dr. Andrew NG for those explanations given in detail. This course was really interesting and it definitely overturned my attitude towards NLP as at first, I thought this is gonna be a difficult field of AI. PS: Keep that ever-smiling face of yours the same Andrew Sir. Thanks a lot.
Very effective mix of theory and practical examples, cemented by practice exercises in form of the programming assignments.  The guided instructions of the programming assignments are as valuable as the lectures.  I would recommend putting the "errata" readings *before* the videos containing the errors (as was done in an earlier course).  I also notice that some quiz questions pick up on nuances that were quite underplayed in the lectures, but going back over my notes, did find them.
Smooth and hands-on walkthrough of basics of NLP and speech recognition. The flow of the course is very well-designed.After having completed this specialization I can confidently say that I have a much better understanding of Deep Learning than what I had before I underwent the specialization. This includes the depth and breadth of DL, various models, their challenges, advantages & disadvantages, end-to-end pipelines, optimization techniques, background calculus & math, et cetera...
Amazing course overall. Prof Ng's diagrams are the clearest explanations of DL models I have found anywhere and it's that clear a ton of thought went into planning the notations. The assignments are exciting and surprisingly fun. One could say that there is a little too much handholding throughout the assignments, but I understand that this course is more about the heuristics. Again, it's fantastic course overall and the resources provided throughout are truly unique to Coursera!
This was my first AI course and I really made significant progress in my understanding of foundations of deep learning with this. Thanks to Professor Andrew's very informative course videos, grasping the complex concepts became possible. The quizzes and the assignments were challenging, made possible for me to use logic and develop new coding skills to go at it. I would recommend this course to everyone interested in AI/ML. Thanks to Professor Andrew for making this course.
This is an amazing course, it Provides a great Help...i have learned lots n lots of stuff  about NLP, Learn about recurrent neural networks that work extremely well on temporal data, word vector representations and embedding layers --that are explained in a concise manner, and more importantly I love the Attention mechanism, the  model that understand where it should focus...... its attention given a sequence of inputs.... amazing amazing ..highly Recommended.... Thankyou
This course was a great introduction to the world of RNNs. Starting from basic sequence models all the way through RNNs constructed with Convolutional layers, LTSM layers, GRU layers and wrapping up with the Attention Algorithm. It is great base work to start a Deep Learning career.  The course is very well structured and the resources in the forums were always life-saving. Very grateful for this course and I am waiting for the Advanced Specialization from Deeplearning.ai
Really good course for RNNs with NLP. Recommended to anyone who has completed the first four courses of the specialization. A thing to notice is that the last programming assignment is really hard to save and submit to your servers though it was pretty well organized.Also I would like to thanks Coursera and Prof. Andrew for bringing ML DL and AI to a level that a student can understand without any useless long mathematical proofs. Thank you for giving this opportunity.
I really liked the whole Specialization, it is great: clear and interesting!But the last course seemed very difficult to me: may be I've been pretty overhelmed (I've completed the spec in less then in a month), may the topics are much harder then in previous course, may be Andrew Ng wanted to cover too much items in short time.  It seemed to me hat CV course was more clear.Nevertheless I rate this course @5 stars and beleive that the spec is PERFECT!THANK YOU, ANDREW!
Another Excellent Course from Professor Andrew Ng. The detail in the explanations are excellent, and the provided exercises using Jupyter are super fun to complete and put to the test your knowledge offering you at the same time a library of ideas and models to use in your future projects. I enjoyed this last course in the specialization quite a lot, thanks very much to Andrew Ng and the Staff from Coursera. I hope to see more courses like this in the future.
Thanks
I love this course. Maybe about 1 and half year I was trying to learn DL. I thought about giving up because I wasn't able to learn, so, in May of this year 2020, Coursera opened its courses to undergraduates. I do not thought twice, at the same hour that I knew that news about free courses, I began this. Then, after that time I want to thank to Professor Ng and all colaborators on that site. One day I will be one of student of Professor Andrew Ng in Stanford.
A greatly knowledgeable course! I learned a lot about Natural Language Processing and explored RNNs, LSTMs, Word Embeddings, Seq2Seq Models, Attention Mechanism, etc. The course focuses more on the concepts along with providing the essential math. It was fun to implement Language Models, Neural Machine Translation & Speech Recognition. I would surely recommend this course to the ones who are diving into the world of NLP, and need a perfect introduction to it.
This end course is a little more  complicated than the previous ones, especially in programming homework. However,  it also inherits the merits of the special, gives learners the basic framework of sequence models. What impresses me most is the lesson of "Debiasing word embeddings", it shows that AI could be designed to do more against human stale thoughts, which sets up a  good principle for designing AI. Yes, it should be taught to new learners of AI.
Finally... Every piece of effort was worth it! After so many hours, now I understand how proud we can fell of completing these amazing courses! The best one I have tried so far, definitely made a difference in my professional views but above all, it confirmed my expectations: this is the activity sector where I want to develop, the work in which I want to grow without any doubt.Thanks Andrew. Thanks Team. Thanks to everyone who made this possible.
This regards all 5 courses of the DL specialisation.1st of all: great work, it gives a much broader perspectives.Room for improvement: sometimes the assignments become much of a "Python riddle" where one has to fiddle a lot with language technicalities and loses time for actually playing with the DL subject2nd: please improve the submitting and savin g behaviour of the notebooks in the new LAB system. It is really painfully slow and unstable.
This was the most difficult and most interesting course i had in all of the five deeplearning.ai coursesbut after doing all the 7 assignments i feel like i learned a lot and encountered with some of the amazing thing which i wondered how they are done . Once again I thanks to Andrew Sir and other teachers for beautiful lectures and perfect quizzes assigments and at last a heartly congrats to Coursera for giving this platform to me.Thank You!
Will give this course also 5 stars. The assignments were easy but required some knowledge of Keras.  So you have to invest some time on their site.Otherwise it's like fitting  pieces in a bigger puzzle. Most pieces are already layed out for you .. you need to just fit your small ones. I realize though that deep learning requires a lot of practice and experimentation and completing this course (and specialization) is just a tiny first step ..
Course contents and coverage was best. Duration of 3 weeks is little too short to really understand all the details of programming exercises.  May be extend this to 4 to 5 weeks and spend little more time on speech recognition, music generation and other audio data processing would have helped.Unlike all other earlier modules, this one had many issues with grader and many errors in note book templates. Hope these will be addressed in future.
Wonderful course, expert instruction from Prof. Ng.  I can't recommend the Specialization enough.     The choices of architecture and of hyperparameters for the assignments' network could have used further explication.   Another desire left unfulfilled was that I would want the sequence models course doubled in all dimensions, ie lectures, assignments, etc.  It was all over too quickly with questions lingering.  Further study required!
RNN, LSTM, GRU... fun stuff even you don't focus on NLP.  As always, Andrew makes complicated things simpler.  I certainly will keep all the course materials for future reference. It may be easier to follow other online course, but this course will teach  you not just how, but also why... Read coding instructions carefully and pay attention to details, otherwise you may end up with hours of debugging.  That's what happened on me, LOL.
Sequence Models are a though subject. many people, during working meeting, mention them as the final resource and solution to everything.  I feel I better understand the nuances of them thanks to this course.I personally enjoyed some of the extra reading ( original papers quoted at the bottom of the videos). Sometimes is hard to navigate in the large sea of publications. It is nice to be pointed towards some piece of reference
I go back and forth on whether the time-saving aspects of the Python Notebooks are worth the reduction in ML coding experience. I suppose these aren't coding classes, but I also feel some of the concepts aren't cemented as well as if the students were led through a more challenging, trial-and-error experience. That's hard to do, though.Overall, I recommend the specialization. Maybe just be sure to play around offline, too. :)
This series of course provides a comprehensive overview of NLP algorithm and different applications. I really enjoy the projects the deal with audio files. The course skip the linear algebra and differentiation part that not everyone wants to look into. But I hope it will be better if we could also implement the data processing functions of different types of sequential inputs, since data preprocessing is also significant
This was a great intro to RNNs and Sequence Models. Particularly liked the assignment on voice keyword detection. It was useful to learn how to synthesize a dataset quickly and train a proper model for the task. Also the NLP parts were useful. I would have liked to have more advanced assignments, but still it was a great course that gives you enough knowledge to learn more on your own or explore more advanced courses.
I had struggled with the complexity of Sequence Models ever since I started learning about Machine Learning models. This course gave me an easier intuition to the sequence models without dwelling too deep into the mathematical complexities. As a person who has very little experience with Linear Algebra this helped me a lot to understand and apply such architectures to solve problem. Thanks Prof Andrew and the team! :)
I think it is a great course.  There are some issues here and there with notebooks and related materials.  However, considering the large and detailed amount of content in this course and it being a new course, things not being 100% perfect is OK by me.  I would rather have the thoughtful content and exercises, versus something much lighter that would be easier to produce.  Thank you to all who prepare these courses.
Superb course structure, the assignments beautifully complement the lectures and the amount of guidance makes it easy even for someone not too acquainted with programming. As a suggestion would have liked slightly organized detailed presentations which would help in reviewing the course material later by glancing through rather than going through the lectures. Over all an awesome course with great learning. Thanks
I enjoyed learning all the five courses of this deep learning specialization. Special thanks should go to Dr. Andrew and the instructors for delivering the course material in an interesting manner. Quite frankly I'm a little bit disappointed with this specialization being too short. Expect more courses in this specialization in the future. (Maybe reinforced learning).Again thank you all for this great experience.
I'm grateful for the chance to take the 5 courses in this program for a very affordable price.  It is the best educational deal I've ever come across.  The courses are well taught, I will continue on to take other courses offered online on the same subject.  Thanks to  everyone who made this possible, and I will definitely try to make a contribution to humanity as Prof. Ng has challenged us to do.  Thanks again!
Thank you Prof. Andrew Ng and team for these series of courses. The entire specialization was brilliant and the way the programming exercises were structured, using real-life examples was the best part of all. Prof. Andrew Ng always has a smile on his face when he explains the concepts and he is so humble that he thanks us for spending time doing the specialization, whereas it should be the other way round.
I highly recommend this course to all audience. Professor Ng is an outstanding researcher with tremendous amount of experience. Moreover, he is a well-known lecturer in terms of his clear explanation and interesting examples provided in class. I have gained a lot of experience as well as knowledge in the field of deep learning. I am very grateful for his time and effort for providing all the resources here.
The best online course I've seen anywhere about recurrent neural networks! Prof. Andrew Ng explains everything in such a simple manner. For example, understanding the structure of LSTMs is quite challenging, but Prof. Andrew Ng explains it in a very easy to understand fashion. Likewise with GRUs, Seq2Seq models, bidirectional RNNs, etc. And the code exercises have very beautiful and detailed explanations.
Thanks Professor Andrew Ng and team for the deep learning specialization. The course material was well designed for online learning. The assignments were perfectly manageable with a few hours of investment every week and the learning was very effective. Last but not least, I found Professor Ng's wisdom, insights, tips to be invaluable to anyone regardless of their level of expertise in machine learning.
This was the best course among 5 course specialization. It was well designed, structured and application oriented. Assignments were pretty fun to solve as they involved solving real world problems. This course gave me direct exposure to industry level problems and helped me gain more insights towards the future of deep learning. Because of this I am really excited to continue working in deep learning.
Hello Andrew, I am a big fan of you. Learning from your every course. Very unfortunate that I can do that remotely only. One thing that I want to mention - Can we have lecture notes on coursera, just like the way used to in CS229 that we can read before coming to next lecture. I found that that was very useful in understanding when things get harder.Thanks hope we can improve coursera in that matter.
The Sequence Models course covers state-of-the-art deep learning methodology as of 2018. The instructor is awesome. The assignments help solidify concepts presented in lecture videos. One nitpicking comment. This course, being relatively new, was less polished compared to the other courses in Deep Learning Specialization. I'm sure future updates will eliminate glitches and errors in the near future.
Good course to help you understand how sequence models work and how to apply them for various problems. Majority of topics are explained quite well. Practical problems sometimes could be a challenge, but every problem has hints and a bit of theory provided. Overall this course was  a very positive experience and I do recommend it. Special thanks for the people who made this course possible.
I liked that this course was a bit harder than others in the specialization (well partly because It felt like notebooks were made in a bit of hurry here) but it was a good thing for me, since I had to think more on the programming excercises, read Keras documentation, derive backprop equations - and I believe such engagement with the topic really allows to understand and remember it better.
It's been so rewarding to apply what I've learned in the previous courses of the Deep Learning specialization to time-based problems. I feel I have a better understanding of how some of the "magic" technology like virtual assistants and speech recognition work. While the material in the first four parts was also very useful, the specialization would have felt incomplete without this course.
Another outstanding course about Deep Learning.It teaches Recurrent Neural Networks from the basics up to industry applications such as Speech Recognition and Natural Language Processing. The programming assignments are extremely useful to build strong understanding of the algorithms, which we code "from scratch" with NumPy before using higher level frameworks such as TensorFlow and Keras.
It's a great class, and Andrew Ng is a great instructor. I wish the exercises were a bit harder. Since the course is aimed at all and I am coming from a graduate degree in the sciences, I realize it's hard to cater to all educational backgrounds. I would have liked to see optional/honors exercises to get us more involved. Other than that, I loved the class. Thanks so much for teaching it.
This is an incredibly great course for learning Deep Learning. The course lecture videos and the programming exercises are both so well designed! By learning this course, I have got a comprehensive understanding of Deep Learning framework, as well as the hands-on experience of using deep learning to solve real-world applications. Thank you for providing this wonderful series of courses.
Loved the course, Andrew is a great teacher; very impressive ability to explain and give intuition. I can really see how I can build upon this course to help me in what I am doing at work. I think there is definitely some room to go deeper on some of the topics e.g. don't just teach sequence to sequence but also broader uses of recurrent networks. Maybe a follow-up course? ... please???
This module of the specialization is a bit more complicated than the others; at least to me, I found the concepts more difficult to grab.Anyway, thank to Andrew and his team for this amazing specialization. The lectures are great, the assignments are fun and have interesting examples. A huge amount of knowledge along all the courses. You can tell there is a lot of work behind it.THANKS
I was about to give this course a 3-star rating unlike the other courses in the specialization, which I have rated 5 stars. The reason for that was the programming exercises in week 1. They are not interesting and do not impart a lot of learning. Please consider improving those. The reason I still gave 5 stars is because of the amazing programming exercises in weeks 2 & 3. Thank you.
In the continuity of the 4 previous modules, the Sequence Models course is of very high quality, the material is concise but cover a wide range of applications and methods, and is delivered with consistent clarity. The programming assignment gives very good hands challenges. I highly recommend this course to anyone interested in natural language processing or speech recognition.
This is the last course of the Deep Learning journey, and I felt like a learned a lot in it. Sequence Modelling is a different beast compared to non-time series models, but I've mastered it thanks to this course nevertheless. I would recommend this particular course to anyone who has a moderate understanding of deep learning and wants to get into time series analysis and nlp.
A succinct overview of a number of ideas in sequence models. Some of these were covered in an NYU course I took 4 years ago (embeddings, LSTM), others I had heard about but hadn't had a chance to look into (attention). The assignments were set up to be pretty easy, but I think trying to do them from scratch rather than by filling in code would make for a pretty good project.
Great introduction to sequence models/RNNs. The real-world examples were very illuminating. Again, as with the previous course in the specialization, I felt some details of how to run/predict NNs using keras were lacking, which could leave a student floundering if they've never used keras before. This is in contrast to some other, much easier, tasks where hints were given.
Out of 5 courses offered I think this was the most exciting one as it combines everything learnt so far and teaches how to combine different NN modeling techniques to achieve desired classification/prediction features . For example, it is pretty much clear how one would  go about building an app that would describe a picture to blind people and do that in many languages.
This short 3 weeks courses will make you work a little, exercice take at least twice the time write. You will learn about the famous LSTM, and how to use it on various tasks.I'm not sure the 'translation' tasks is a good example but there is lot about it. Not a good example, because it is not state of art, and in the 'translation' business there place only for the best.
This is a great course, and a great specialization. The professor explains the concepts across very well, not only in this course but in all courses of the specialization. My only gripe is with the notebook/hub/grading system which especially in this course has acted strange and cost a lot of time. That said I've learnt a lot, and am quite happy with the course content.
Great course overall to learn the basics of sequence models and also get a brief understanding of the state of the art architectures used currently. The programming assignment on trigger word detection gives an insight into the practical machine learning implementation for speech recognition. This course combines both theory and practical advice in a very good fashion.
Excellent course - and specialization! Andrew Ng's special talent is in being able to explain complex and difficult stuff with such clarity that you can actually understand it and follow. I found the exercises in this course tougher than in the previous four, but they were varied, useful, and FUN! Highly recommended to all who what to learn the "deep" in Deep Learning!
Because my research direction is NLP, so I think this course is very good for me. I learn how to implement the Sequence model such as machine translation 、Attention and so on. But the disadvantage is that there is no whole sequence model process. For me, The bigger problem is data processing and model. overall ,This course is good for me, I learned many from this.
It was a great specialization and a great course, thank you so much for giving me the opportunity to learn from you special thanks to Dr. Andrew Ng for his exemplary efforts and for teaching the greatest courses of the machine learning technology, I'm really proud of myself for finishing that specialization and I'm so grateful for all of you. Thank you ,Coursera.
The whole specialization is excellent. I highly recommend doing it. The only minor comment that I add is that Andrew should include some links for further reading (along the courses for each topic or theme). I know that anyone can quickly look up for them in the Internet (and they can be outdated) but that would make the specialization even better in my opinion.
This is Course 5 of the Deep Learning Specialization, and the last one. We learn Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) /Sequence Model, which allow translation or trigger word (like "Hey Siri!"). It's a completely different beast than CNN seen in Course 4. Again, nice videos and explanations, and well-designed useful programming assignment (TensorFlow/Keras and numpy)
I Highly recommended this course on Sequence Models. The course is easy to follow as it gradually moves from the basics to more advanced topics, building gradually. Andrew Sir makes the cocepts behind the scenes about LSTM GRU etc very easy to understand. Assignments are great, extremely well designed. Best assignments you will ever get to practise and learn.
The kind of simplicity with which the course is explained and the amount of knowledge gained is worth the hard work of many months!
.
.
I would like to thank the whole Coursera team and Sir Andrew Ng for creating such a wonderful platform and a big shout-out to all the mentors and community who have replied to the most basic queries in the discussion section.
Home work assignment notebook has a quick time out issue. It's quite annoying since most of the assignment has lots reading material to fully understand the topic or method. Often the notebook just time out and has to be restarted before move to the next section. Hopefully, it can be fixed or improved.Overall a very good course to learn about sequence model.
It took me a longer time to finish the course due to busy schedule. But I found it totally worth the struggle to work on the course material. Sequence modeling and processing is an new area to me. The course taught me some basic concepts and gave me a chance to lay hands on through programming exercises. I feel a lot like the topic particularly NLP. Thanks!
Très largement plus difficile que tout ce qu'il y a eu auparavant. Un véritable apprentissage et un plaisir surtout sur le Trigger Word Detection qui était très intéressant.Totally more difficult than anything before. I've acquired true knowledge that I'm very proud of. It was a pleasure, especially for the Trigger Word Detection which was very interesting.
Exercises too basic. Better to do something simpler from scratch, them fill in the blanks on statements like "define a to be a boolean variable initialized to True", and run a bunch of other cells with imported code that hides the actual complexity. These kind of exercises does not add anything to the student. Content of Andrew's lessons is great, however.
This course helped get a good intuition as well as further specifics of voice recognition which is what I am most curious about. I think they have put together a right mix of Conceptual puzzles, Implementable codes and Lucid lectures to help one learn and advance one's understanding and intuition framework to build on top of subsequently. Great work guys!
Thank you Prof Andrew Ng for sharing the knowledge and experience. It has been truly a great learning during the course specialization. And I always admire the way you structure the course and teach the advanced concepts with such an ease.  With the power of AI, we as a community try to solve real-world challenges for better life.  Thank you so much!
awesome! Thanks to Andrew and his time to deliver this wonderful course. It  really give me a very good sense about what's going on with the Deep Learning in several areas. The course material is prepared in a way that it's very easy to catch up. Just one suggestion, this sequence model session is too short, lots of topics haven't got well deployed.
Very very interesting but it's a lot more difficult than the other courses.  I did it out of sequence (no pun intended) (i.e. I skipped Convolutional networks to go straight to RNN, because they interest me more).That wasn't the correct move.  I barely knew anything about Keras, the exercises took a LOT more time.  Still, it's a wonderful course.
The class lectures are easy to follow and programming practices showcase a good variety of interesting implementation/practice of sequence models. Not only does it introduce how models work and are constructed but also illustrate how those models can be applied to real-life problems (e.g. voice detection in smart home, music generation...etc.,).
I have earlier completed first 3 courses of the Deep Learning Specialization. This course widens the horizon of deep learning applications. Through the assignments, I have gained confidence in understanding the model architecture and the underlying theory behind it. I recommend every to enroll for this course if they want to learn how RNN works.
Great lectures on the intuitions behind RNN and their applications in real life. It requires some self-exploration to complete the programming assignments related to Keras and tensor, but the structure of the assignment is very good. I have learned a lot from this lecture and it helped me to understand the language of the field of deep learning.
Awesome course, with lot of detailed and well guided practices! After finishing all of them I went directly to look on GANs and Transformers and with the knowledge gain thanks to Andrew Ng and his team, I set up my local Jupyter with tensorflow-gpu and start using state-of-the-art machine learning! Check out paperswithcode for awesome projects!
I decided to do this course after reading the first few pages of the Deep Learning book by Goodfellow, Bengio and Courville. I'll probably go back to that book now, to reinforce what I learnt from this set of 5 courses. I plan to also get more practice with the programming frameworks. The Tensorflow specialization is probably my next conquest.
This course is really fantastic. It teaches several of the most important contemporary applications of deep learning, and mentions lots of important points of these models.The assignments are amazing. They are  easy but still able to make sure you've gone through the whole design of models. Definitely one of the best lectures I had in my life.
Finally, after 6 months achieved desired goal in Deep Learning Specialization.Thanks to #andrewng #coursera team for motivation and opportunity. It was not possible but due to #andrewng motivational words and explained deep knowledge in simple words. I can't express my feeling in words. Thanks againBest wishes for Andrew Ng and Coursera Team
Excellent as always. This subjectcould easily take more weeks or even months to understand, but Andrew explains complicated concepts in very easy terms. Though sometimes it seems a bit esoteric and magical, due to how easy he makes it sound, it's a great start point to begin to investigate, read and implement the most important algorithms.
This course challenged me. It forced me spend more time on the things you really need to understand before moving forward. Frustrating of course, but the reward is golden. It also tells me I need to learn more Keras. I was really inspired by the exercises, by all the things you actually can create by using the superpowers of deep learning.
Excellent. I am doing a research on LTSM application for process plant data and asset health prognostics and the materials I found on the web were usually a bit "dry". The course enabled me understanding the concept mechanics and keras code basics to start using on my own applications - What else I could have asked for :D ?Cheers/Alex
I had a lot of fun doing these courses and weekly programming assignments. Mr. Andrew Ng is a great instructor, he does a great job of explaining the neural network architecture and helps create an intuition behind difficult concept, these are really helpful at the end of each week when you are practising the programming assignments.
I am grateful to Professor Andrew Ng. and the entire team of deeplearning.ai for giving me the platform to learn, practice and showcase the deep learning concepts in such an elegant and concise manner. The journey has truly been educative and enlightening and I look forward to applying the concepts and skills in my further endeavors.
Andrew's ability to make complex topics so easy to understand is amazing. His explanation of the 'intuition' behind complex stuff makes you really understand what is going on and why. Very happy with the course, it provided everything I needed to know to understand it in detail and implement it. Thanks Andrew for making this course.
Very useful course for me, since I am doing research in Natural Language Processing. As NLP require RNN  and its variants as its implementation, this course helped in implementing my task using the Seq2Seq model. Explanation about each topic is very clear. With respect to mathematical equations, all the models are neatly explained.
An Amazing course which Imparts lots of knowledge.The exercises of this course are very enjoyable and seem easy while providing really cool results, but in retrospect teach advanced material in such an engaging way that it only seems easy. The credit is with the incredible teachers of the course! Thank you Andred Ng and all the TAs
This is a great course, it gave me a good overview of how various types of data (written text, speech, images/video) are used in neural network models. The course materials smartly omit complexities behind pre-built deep learning models, and provide students with hands-on examples, which spark creativity and imagination. Thank you!
The course is great and it builds on the last 4 course of deep learning specialization. It contains many nice topics of deep learning like RNN, NLP etc. There are some nice assignments also which you can relate with the real world. The whole Deep Learning specialization is great and every topic is nicely explained by Sir Andrew Ng.
Excellent Course on Sequence Models and training on how to use RNNs for practical applications. All the programming exercises were pretty fun and highly informative giving hands on experience on the use of a variety of sequence models. I would like to thank Professor Andre N.G. and his team for developing such a wonderful course.
Great! I would really love some signal dynamics task in this course, maybe some predictor or estimator. As an engineer I am very interested in these applications. Thank you Andrew, and huge thanks to the entire team. I am sure you guys had an extremely hard time building the programming tasks, but it looks great and helps a lot!
Dear Prof Andrew Ng and deeplearning.ai team, Sequence Models is yet another excellent course where I have thoroughly enjoyed learning about new and powerful concepts of Deep Learning. The course content, quizzes and programming assignments are of the very highest quality. I am deeply grateful to the entire team. Thanks a lot!
Really an awesome course. A bit difficult to grasp in three weeks. But,  Prof. Andrew Ng  has tried his best to make the content lucid. I am great full to all the faculty members for offering such an excellent course. I personally feel that if course can extended for another week then it will easier to understand the concepts.
Very good course to learn things about Deep learniing.  I think the Andrews courses keptmy interestin the courses with the video, quizes, assignments. I wish  to challenge participants further, there should be (non-gradable) exercises  based on the available util functions and contents. I mean where one has todobit more work.
Awesome course. I did not know what it meant by Deeplearning at the start of the program, but now I'm confident on finding a way. Thanks prof Andrew NG and all the Instructors and team for organizing such a rich content. You probably have put a great effort. It was challenging but fully worth. And recommending to anyone !!
Great lectures on the different structures of Sequence Models for use in Natural Language Processing, Text Translation, and Audio Recognition. There is a lot of material packed into 3 weeks, but this course will help anyone familiar with Deep Learning/CNNs to take a dive into the world of NLP and audio/speech recognition.
This Sequence Models and RNNs course was a very challenging course in the specialization similar to that of Convolution Networks. I've learned a lot on these topics, and I will continue expanding my knowledge from here on.Overall, this is a great and complete specialization on Deep Learning.Thank you professor Andrew Ng.
The topics covered in this course were a bit on the advanced side. The technologies used are most frequently used in the area of NLP. The course helps understand the basic concepts of NLP like word vectors and embedding, at the same time explains the very complex concepts like LSTM, GRUs and Attention models very well.
This course is perfect to learn deep insights of natural language processing, word2vec, speech recognition, trigger word detection and sentiment analysis among others. This course not only trains in using open-source libraries, but also trains to learn how to implement these life-changing techniques all by ourselves.
Deep learning specialization is one of the best courses I've ever done. When I used to work on Computervision prior to this course, I used to stumble a lot conceptually and in implementation. This specialization gave me a pragmatic insight into the DL. Can't thank coursera, deeplearning.ai and instructors anymore. :)
This course gives an in depth explanation and intuition of RNNs used for learning tasks involving Sequences. The time required to complete programming assignments takes usually more than an hour to complete than the specified time.Rest it was a very exciting journey to learn deep learning along with Andrew Ng sir!
I have thoroughly enjoyed the course from start to end!  Each course is well organized, the teacher taught really well, and the programming assignments are very rich with easy to follow guidance, and lots of good libraries / functions that we can leverage / learn from.  Thank you very much!  Have a wonderful day!
Finally I finished the whole series of Deep Learning AI, through which I gained a lot of intuition of deep learning algorithms and its implementation. It's great course to get into this new era especially with a excellent teacher like Andrew who really illustrates the core ideas of deep learning algorithms to me.
The last module is awesome as all previous ones. Thank you all guys! Thank you guys who posted questions, thank you guys who posted answers as well. I appreciate you all. And one more special appreciation to Andrew Ng for this entire course. This course gave me a great knowledge and intuition about Deep Learning.
I have been through wonderful journey of learning and implementing deep learning from very scratch. This course really transforms one from caterpillar to butterfly with very minimal pain of calculus and linear algebra. Thanks to Andrew and deeplearning.ai team for providing such a marvelous bundles of knowledge.
Lots and Lots of knowledge and experience in 3-weeks of class. In Machine Learning terms, this course maximizes the knowledge and experience gained with sequence models by minimizing the time required to complete the course. Lecture videos are very intuitive while assignment projects are very real-world centric.
As always one of the best courses offer by coursera and it was a hell of a ride. I learned about many things like RNN,sequence model,GRU,LSTM,word triggered,word sampling,translation using deep learning algorithm . Andrew did a fantastic job and keep everything simple so that everything can be understandable.
Really good choice of topics, including state of the art tools like attention and word embeddings. Very useful, especially for those interested in Language Processing applications. However, the videos and assignments need some more careful editing, because there are occasional mistakes, lazy explanations etc.
Very great and aspiring course, I learned lots of concepts in this course. I think It would be better If there was a capstone project for the final course of deep learning specialization. It was very great but If I had the opportunity of implementing a project from zero to 100, It would be more than great...
Great course, though not as awesome as other Ng's courses. I think creators became a bit tired closer to the last course in specialization. Anyway, fantastic courses, fantastic specialization, fantastic professor! Thank you very much!! Looking forward to new courses - maybe Reinforcement Learning, GANs? =)
Leave it up to Mr. Andrew Ng to explain complex concepts in a very much intuitive manner. The guy is a world apart when it comes to explaining complex concepts. No other MOOC even comes close. Absolutely highly recommended.The only negative part about this course is that it ends. You don't want it to end.
I loved this course as wel, I had a little bit less time to advance as steadily as I did with previous courses. So I had a little bit of trouble getting the context back when starting again each time. The next steps for me are putting what I learned into practice and basing myself on what I learned here.
This course offers a great introduction to the models: RNN, GRU and LSTM.In addition, it illustrates the power of "Word Embedding" and "Attention Model". The programming assignments are interesting, provide deeper understanding of the models, and show how simple it is to implement these models in Keras.
The course content is very good. This course seemed a little bit harder than other previous courses. There is lots of improvement opportunities for Coursera's Lab (Jypeter notebooks), every now and then it does not work i.e. cant submit the assignment, it's very very slow, its just not up to the mark.
A very well organized introduction to the wonderland of Recurrent Neural Networks. The course takes the student through multiple use cases of various RNN architectures with practical advice on how and where to use them.  The awesome programming assignments with excellent documentation is a highlight!
With this course it's possible to conclude that recurrent neural networks are the most powerful variant of neural networks. Used in a many places, this course expleains ingishtfully how they work, what's the math behind them, and how different implementations function for different areas of research.
Andrew Ng knows how to make people understand the problem, architect a solution and then map it to data. He does it very well. I am going to repeat his course again as I still believe there is something that I have missed and I need to follow him thoroughly. I want to understand and process like him.
overall it is another great course, clear explain on the RNN, LSTM, GRU, etc. really like the assignment to implement RNN from scratch. assignments related to Keras needs "googling" outside resources, and there is still some keras homework to be done in order to fully understand the assignment code.
Thank you very much instructors. I learnt both fundamentals of deep learning and application of them in simple and efficient way. I have been long and fruitful journey with Andrew Ng. I learnt sound mathematics required for deep learning, tensorflow software, applications of sequence and RNN models.
非常感谢老师提供的课程，原本课程实验对LSTM有相关研究需求，该课程很关键的提供了相关知识点的教学，再次感谢老师和平台！Thank you very much for the course provided by the teacher. The original course experiment has relevant research needs for LSTM. This course provides the teaching of relevant knowledge points. Thank you again for the teacher and platform!
I have always found difficult how RNN and LSTM works as theretically I was not getting a clear picture how it was working .The programming assignments helped clear my doubts and I got a clear understanding to a lot of extent how this mechanism is working and how it is useful in speech synthesis.
This course introduces the basic idea of RNN, GRU and LSTM models. They are obviously harder than the CNN models and the concepts are not so easy to understand. Thanks to the systematic introduction! Together wit the excises I can understand better the theory from the applications. It's great!
It was a great experience to learn from Andrew NG and it helped a lot to me personally and professionally. I have gained so much confidence after completing these set of 5 courses and looking forward to build some cool projects on my own using the concepts that i have learned in past 5 months.
A great course on latest technology used in NLP. The course is well structured and provides an in-depth knowledge on sequence models. This course is a all-in-one package for starting your career in NLP. Mr. Andrew is a great teacher, and explains everything in a very simple yet effective way.
Great finish to the specialisation. I have learned a lot of the core details of how to proceed with my own Deep Learning projects. My one piece of feedback would be for an intermediary step, that requires more of the programming myself, as a lot of the intricate coding has already been done.
The course content is very good but the mistakes in the videos are being mentioned after the video. This is making us get confused a bit. It would be good if those errors are mentioned before the video itself so that we can look into that before watching the video and get prepared for that.
Great appreciation to Dr. Andrew Ng. The course has been incredibly well taught. Thank you so much for your enlightening lectures. I very much enjoyed the course, and I think it is very well structured and organized. The forum was very helpful when I got stuck in the programming exercises.
I am amazed with the learning experience of Seq2Seq Modules created by deeplearning.ai team! Loved the way it's taught by Andrew Ng and the hands on experience helped the mentee very well. Keep building such courses, would like to contribute more in this space as in research or products.
Insightful detail on model architectures and how they influence (and are influenced by) data generation for sequence-based applications. For those that have grasped the theory behind DNNs and are interested in applying ML to language and text, I highly recommend checking out this course!
This course was really awsome,learning has been fun in all the 4 courses, the number of new things learnt in this course was remarkable.Even the mot complicated things were taught in such a way that it never seemed tough.Doing assignments really helped to make concepts even more clear.
Fantastic course! Presents both the theory and practical uses in a straightforward manner that is easy to grasp. Programming assignments are a mix of NumPy and Keras API, with the former being more illustrative of the inner workings of RNNs and the latter being more practically useful.
Excellent! Amazing! Such good quality of lecture and assignments. Thank you Andrew and team for giving me such a good overview of what i can use this for. I feel as though this series dramatically lowered the barriers to entry for me to get started on any ML project i decide to. Thanks
No better introductory material. I suggest doing NLP specialization by deeplearning.ai after this though I have still not tried it out myself yet but hoping to do it some time. Thank you Andrew! I got emotional in your last video of the course. You are such an example for educators <3
This was by far the Best Course and Specialization that I have done. Thank You Coursera and Thank You Sir Andrew NG . You have made me confident and able in the Field of Deep Learning. I am grateful to you Sir. I will try my best to use this knowledge as a superpower in the right way.
Great course with interesting exercises. One can really see the amount of effort  being put into creating the assignment material, so they are at a suitable level and with a lot to take away, and the students have a good understanding of details through practice. Really appreciated.
the programing assignment ins WEEK 1 was a bit ambiguous in nature. helped me improve my debugging skills. Also a huge thank you to MENTOR Mr. GEOFF for the instant support to all my queries. His way of providing HINTS lead me to finally complete the course. a BIG thank you to him.
More easier to understand than the ConvNets course!Week 1 and 2 took me a little time to get through. Week 3 is easy.For better understanding, don't forget to download the notebooks and practice on your own local Jupyter notebook while using the assignment notebook as a reference.
This is a great course. It provides a good introduction to RNNs and how they are used in sequence modeling. Introduction to GRU, LSTMs, BiRNNs, attention model is great way to learn these in depth. The exercises are designed to make you familiar with the internals of these layers.
At the beginning this is very counter-intuitive. But later on when I am on the final assignment, I finally realized that we are not focusing on gradient descent, but architecture building and training set assembling!  When everything start to make sense, it is really intriguing.
This course made me have great understanding around the Sequence Models such as GRU, LSTM, Attention, etc. I had a lot of fun while completing programming exercises such as Trigger word detection. As always, it was one of the best class ever. Thanks Professor Andrew Ng and all-!
Very good course. In quite short time you get understanding of a lot of principles and intuitions. The pace is good, explanations are consistent and clear, top-down approach from generic to specific, from simple to complex, very good instructional videos and interesting projects
Remarkably lucid exposition of complex learning architectures with directly applicable programming exercises.  Highest recommendation. Thanks to the deep learning.ai staff for putting this entire specialization together and sharing their abundantly clear mastery of the subjects.
Some of the lectures were not quite up to par with professor Ng's standard.  Some of the programming assignments were hard to follow and missing some details.  Nevertheless, I came away with good understanding of sequence models and RNN.  I can't thank enough.  5 stars from me.
This is very logical and especially the addition of probability between the words to improve predictions.  It will be interesting to compare language , which language is easier to predict and why and study backward- how human creates them.  We might learn something unexpected.
The lectures were super informative. It's almost unreal how easily he explains such difficult concepts, such they look a child's play. The coding assignments are incredibly informative and super interesting. I am very thankful for this specialization that it taught me so much
Before starting the course, I wanted to have a strong knowledge of the basics of Natural Language Processing as I wanted to specialize in this domain. I am thoroughly satisfied at the end of this course. This course has given me the confidence to dive deeper into this domain.
Course of lectures are excellent, but please fix the following problemweek 1  Programming AssignmentsImprovise a Jazz Solo with an LSTM Network - v3Dimensionality in djmodel()https://www.coursera.org/learn/nlp-sequence-models/discussions/weeks/1/threads/NAoSHgf0Eei8aw6tWi-efA
I'll remain forever indebted to Andrew and his team for preparing this rigorous course. I can imagine the effort put in designing video lectures, going through research papers, crafting out these well-knit coding exercises. He has democratized AI and education in true sense.
I appreciate all the hard work and
effort Andrew and his team puts in all his material. I had hard time with most of Keras homework’s, I think
it's hard to get the overall logic of a framework without an extensive
explanation.  Besides that, the topics discussed are
amazing.
A great introduction to Recurrent Neural Network models with lots of examples (text generation, music generation, sentiment analysis, word embedding, speech recognition, attention-based machine translations etc.). Thanks a lot to Andrew and the team for this awesome course.
Andrew, again explained complicated structures very clearly. The first week might be a bit overwhelming and you might get lost with huge information overflow, but trust me, in week2 and week3 you will see how the dots are connected. Thank you Andrew for this amazing course.
Thanks for making this course! I have been through all the courses in this specialization, and they are really excellent! Andrew has a great way of explaining things simply. It was easier for me to look at a couple of research papers after having gone through the lectures.
Prof Andrew such a great person. He teaching from the heart where 99 % of Prof not doing it today. He summarized Deep learning+ Computer vision+ NLP in easy way. I am thankful for Coursera and Prof Andrew. I strongly recommend this course and all his courses to everybody .
Awesome. But the programming assignments need to be less erroneous and lectures and assignments could contain more technical and mathematical details to build the foundations. The programming assignments could be designed to allow the students to do more that spoonfeeding.
This was for me the best course on the deeplearning.ai series since I am a complete novice regarding sequence models. Nonetheless, I have managed to learn a lot and the material was very good (with often state of the art techniques). The assignments were excellent as well!
I really liked this last course as I did not have much experience with NLP and with audio in general, as I did have with computer vision and image processing. The keyword detection model is really cool! After this specialization I am starting to build my own ML projects!
This is the hardest course in the specialisation, and may take some extra effort. For practical assignments I recommend getting familiar with Keras syntax and workflow, as here there is little hand-holding here,. the focus is on actual model architecture and algorithms.
This is not a good course, and even not a good tutor.. It is a great course and Andrew is really incredible tutor... I like this course so much and got tons of benefits... I am so happy to take this course.. PS: You can add this review to the sentiment analysis data set
I really enjoyed the models presented in the course, as well as the accompanying exercises; I think Andrew and the team did a good job at giving intuition about the problems and coupling that with enough hands exercises to give better understanding of the implemtations
Greatly explained. A lot of things explained in detail in just no that-much videos. Totally worth-it the specialisation!! Went from zero knowledge to know a lot of things about how it really works. Learned python (including keras and tensorflow) along the way as well.
Thanks for an enlightening course about sequences and how to apply machine learning concepts. This course has brought new light to how to solve some difficult sequencing tasks in my day to day work and I plan on looking for future courses from Andrew Ng in the future!
The course is well structured! Dr Andrew Ng teaches very well all the concepts in the videos and also references to the papers. Along with the programming exercises, we can put in practise all the concepts from the videos. The exercises are also very well documented.
This was by far the most challenging and most interesting course of all the courses in the specialization. Really gives your brains a hard time, but after you see/hear (haha) the results, it seems that all that was worth the effort!!! THANKS ANDREW, for everything!!!
Very good course as all run by Andrew Ng :)Even though I passed all the assignments I will go through the whole course again to make sure I understand everything very well.On the other side it would be nice to get some reference to public data to train more on my own
It's been a great journey. Thank you all for providing such an insightful and thorough course. The use of real-world applications to demonstrate deep learning algorithms was truly astounding. Once again, thank you, for imparting your precious knowledge to the world.
It's a course about a lot of things: speech recognition, music generation, image captioning, machine translation, ecc.It's highly recommended to study previous courses to fully understand the concepts.There are some errors in the exercises because it's a new course.
This course gives a very good introduction to exciting applications of Deep Learning,that too in a very short time span. It is worth the time and effort to learn a complex thing in such a lucid manner. The instructions in the programming assignment has helped a lot
Pellucid, succinct, and the final bomb of this specialization! Felt a little dazed sometimes during the course and some things didn't really make some sense, but after things do settle after a re-watch. This course is so good it is actually re-watch recommended. :P
As usual, an amazing course by Professor Andrew Ng. The course manages to convey the most important elements of such a critical field, teaching from papers which were published only a couple of years ago. For anyone who wants to work in AI/ML, this is a must-do.
This course helps me understand more about RNN and its variations, especially I learnt about the basic of Attention mechanism. What I enjoy the most in this course is its assignments, these are very practical and easy to understand. Thank you for reading these.
This course was quite amazing in understanding with top papers discussed how machine translation and word trigger detection is carried using RNN. Code assignment was the best to show detailed steps of building RNN with a lot of hints to keep you moving forward
Great Course! Thanks for Dr. Andrew Ng's and mentors' efforts for making this course excellent! However, as deep learning - AI quickly marches, I think more and more courses from Dr. Ng's group will be expected by all of us! Hope to see your new courses again!
In my opinion, this was the toughest course of this entire specialization. It was like a lot of detail squeezed into a few videos. I had to rewatch a lot of times to actually grasp the concepts. But thank you, Andrew and team, for your motivation and efforts.
Good introduction to sequence models. Would be nice that the exercises weren't as guided, since it would be better to implement most things yourself rather than use so many predefined functions. However, I understand the necessary trade-off in terms of time.
One of the best Professors I ever came across. This  Course is Precise and Clear. I am writing this today and will view is again when I achieve success in my life " This Specialization is the stepping stone towards my future "Thank you, Professor Andrew Ng,
The course is another great addition to the specialization. Very well designed and delivered. A big thank you to the Professor Andrew Ng and his team as well as Coursera. It was a great experience and I am very pleased that I took the entire specialization.
A tough one. The notebook was very slow and and unstable.I like the original ML course's way of guiding us more. The suggestions on what should be done on every line make me lazy and I often don't focus hard enough on the intuition and math behind the code.
Great course! Andrew is great in explaining complex definitions with simple and understandable explanations.  The course goes deep in multiple applications of Sequence Model for Time Series Data, and the programming exercises are challenging and rewarding.
The course detailed, informative and elaborate. The programming exercises are using libraries Tensorflow and Keras. A familiarity of these libraries is very helpful. It would be great if  an introduction to the fundamentals was a part of the course itself.
This was one of the most interesting and well taught courses here. After this course, I was able to understand research papers in this area which were previously quite difficult and alien to me. I was also able to implement the models in them successfully
Learned a lot of new skills and faced really great challenge especially when using different framework, troubleshooting make me feel headache. But learning new framework is also exciting. Still have a long way to go. Thank you so much Andrew and the team!
Brilliant, the best introduction to sequence models I could hope for. Because the material goes through multiple levels of complexity, I revisit it on a regular basis, even after finishing the course, and every time I am able to gain additional knowledge.
This was an awesome sequence. I wanted to understand Deep Learning and the techniques and ideas that had advanced the state of the art beyond ordinary neural nets.  I was particularly interested in Sequence Models which are of interest in my line of work.
Great course! It teaches the necessary to implement deep neural networks problems and give you practical advice. You can go deeper as you want in the material of this course, the programming assignments can be extended by going into the optional content.
So much gray area about sequence model was covered here! Broad topics covered with practical exercises make this course a must-have when dealing with sequence-related problems in deeplearning.Thank you Andrew Ng and to the team for this wonderful course!
A very enjoyable course.Every concept is explained is very intuitive way by Andrew Ng.Thanks to all the organizers for such a wonderful course.All new concepts are also discussed.Anyone who wants to learn about AI ,should definitely opt for this course.
This course is Very structured, concise and organised. I really enjoyed this course especially the Attention Mechanism in the Neural Machine Translation. Also the the trigger word assignment was both enjoyable and insightful. Thank you so much Andrew Ng
I was happy to learn about the Speech processing and more importantly when the system recognizes the "Activate" word. The way professor Andrew explains difficult topics is really appreciable. Thanks a ton for making the complex subject so easy to learn.
Having done the previous courses or not, this course will teach a whole lot about the past, present and future of NLP. At the end, as Prof. Andrew Ng has said, one can feel proud about how easily a topic can be explained with the help of just one slide.
This was the last course of specialization and it was a great journey. Thank you Sir Andrew NG for making such a wonderful course. Thank you coursera for giving us a great platform. Talking about course, it was a great course to learn NLP from scratch.
Excellent course to get the nuts and bolts of sequence models and natural language processing using deep learning.As always instructors have been absolutely brilliant.Really really enjoyed the course.The course offers excellent programming assignments.
Such an amazing course. Andrew is such a great instructor. Actually, 
it is thanks to the whole Specialization that I'm making
 now my own career as Chief AI Scientist for a Health Tech Start Up.I'm endlessly grateful to Andrew and this Specialization!
The best introduction to NLP and RNNs. Andrew Ng is simply remarkable and the assignments were interesting too. Highly recommend it for others. Felt a tad nostalgic as this was the final course of the specialization - Andrew Ng has that effect on you.
It was a great experience!! I have completed my entire module of Deep Learning. I am now good to go with Deep Learning. Wish me luck!! Thanks a lot, Andrew Ng and team for creating this beautiful journey!! I hope you spread this knowledge everywhere.
This course, as always, de-mystifies a quite complicated topic and gives very good intuition why the models work. For example, LSTM is very complicated unit but Andrew illustrates well what it tries to achieve. That said, this is a very tough course.
This course is one of the best course we can take for deep learning.The quiz assignment was good.The programming assignment was easy to understand many functions which i find it difficult in videos.Overall the instructor Andrew Ng lecture was good
This course covers a lot of ground and provides many opportunities to practice the concepts.  I just wish there were one or two (possibly optional/honors ) assignments with fewer walk through instructions so one could test one's learning for real.
This was very cool, RNNs seem very powerful. I don't think the programming exercises were the best to get some experience but I really like the way Andrew explains the algorithms. Still 5*(They are totally using these reviews for text analysis :P)
This course is a nice introduction to neural networks applied to sequence models. It has interesting applications in natural language processing and speech recognition. It would have been nice to apply the concepts to time series prediction, too.
This is a pretty cool course to work on introduction of NLP. A blend of practical and theoritical aspects included though there are black boxes (I felt Convolutional Course to be more effective though, maybe because of my background, but still!!)
I don't know why this course has not been rated more than the other courses of this specialization.  In my opinion,  this is the best course among all the others. All thanks to Andrew Sir and Coursera team to introduce me to this specialization.
The course is very helpful in learning the important concepts of RNN in a very easy way.  The instructor has a very unique style of teaching which makes the typical concepts easy and at the same the makes you develop your interest in the course.
Andrew Ng and the team have created a fantastic opportunity to learn the basics of Deep Learning Algorithms. "Hearing from Lion's mouth" was a great experience for me. I would strongly recommend any deep learning enthusiast to attend the course.
somewhere between 4 and 5 stars. It's a good course to make you understand about major knowledge to process sequence by DL, and the assignments are the hidden gems.Some recent results are not included (of course), such as BERT. But it's till OK.
Great course teaching state-of-the art NLP technologies. I wish the attention notebook could be improved, and the projects could get more flexible and in-depth. I also wish there could be a Keras tutorial that gives an overview of the framework.
Andrew Ng is a fantastic instructor. His ability  to break down  a complicated concept like neural networks and deep learning so that a non-math, non computer person  like me actually understands the underlying mechanisms is quite extraordinary.
I think the course and specialization are special. It requires a lot of hours to finish it. It can be a great review of specific topics in the deep learning subject. Thank you for allowing us to reach those specific topics easily. Great content
The course explains the fundamentals of RNNs, GRUs, and LSTMs in a very easy manner with plenty of illustrations and programming exercises. Although, some of the exercises are optional but doing those actually help reinforce essential concepts.
State-of-the-art and in-depth content, inspiring and engaging lectures throughout the whole specialisation. I will be eternally grateful to all of you who created this (and the other) courses. Thank you, Coursera, thank you so much, Andrew Ng!
Very useful for understanding what 'sequential' means in DL. I expected as some new solution to the time series scenarios but it turns out a different area from the quantative techniques. It might be helpful applied to more 'sequential' areas.
Yes, I have just finished the whole specialization. I'm very proud of myself. And I recommend this specialization to anyone who wants to start with this field. Andrew is the best one I've seen who able to explain the thing in deeper way. Thanx
A wonderful, intellectual experience!Don't fret if you are having to look up a few documentations, the comprehensive documentations of the built-in functions/layers needed are accessible on the official websites of the libraries(Keras, NumPy).
"I think that every person whether you come from a wealthy family, or a low income family, or anywhere in between. I think everyone should have great opportunities. " (socioeconomic status)
I was shocked by this  speech. Thanks to Prof. andrew
The course was brilliant! Even though, the programming assignments could be better (personal opinion). The teaching itself is brilliant, and I think Andrew NG is by far one of the best Deep Learning teachers for anyone looking to get started.
very nice course but bit comprehensive especially Sequence models.Expecting a same comprehensive course in Python development also so we can not write just a piece of code but entire code.Also expecting a course on Keras , and end to end one.
More lectures are needed in the sequence models to make these models or ideas clear to deep learning learners.  I found this course is the most difficult one to follow in this series even if I got quite a lot experience on time series topics.
It was a great learning experience. Thanks Andrew Ng for the wonderful content. However, there are still some mistakes in the programming assignment such as in the expected output of 3rd assignment. Kindly correct it. Overall very satisfying!
It's an amazing course, the video lectures are fruitful and the contents of the courses are well designed, the instructor is talented and his explanations are extremely helpful, it's one of the best courses taught on keras!Thank you so much!
Great course! I  feel some great accomplishment having finished this specialization I began 2 months ago. This one course could use a bit more of Keras hints or optional Keras course for those who do not have a  regular use of the framework.
This course is great if you want to know about sequence models for areas like nlp and speech recognition. They provide assignments that is solvable and their forum is active, and you can always find people solved your confuse on assignments.
The video lectures are awesome. But the project is too fast-paced. I feel I am just following the instruction and keras doc, instead of understanding how keras works. Testing me how to create dict in Python didn't make me feel happy. Thanks!
I think considering the other courses, Sequence Model course was a little bit faster and it covered a lot of topics, so it was a little tough to keep up. But what I learnt was quite a lot and I think it is is quit a very good course indeed.
Great course: material, instructor, assignments, everything! Perfect way to introduce or consolidate your knowledge in recurrent neural networks to model sequence data with a really strong component of direct industry-relevant application.
Well structured and easy to comprehend. Mr Andrew Ng and team has organised the course in the best way. Through this course I get new theory and programming experience for my self. The exercise is  fun like naming dinosaur Thanks after all
Feels great to complete this wonderful journey. Once again thank you Andrew Sir for creating this type of novel courses, great to have you as an instructor. Hope I someday would build a great model of my own, and get a chance to meet you!
Very good, by necessity it's a little hand-holdey but otherwise it would take an unreasonable amount of time to cover the material. Hopefully I'll be able to leverage the background i gained in the specialization in future job experience.
This course give me opportunities to dive in to RNN and other architectures relating to NLP. Although it is a little bit tougher than 4 previous courses (in this specialization), it provides several interesting applications in real life.
I think it is the best courses designed so far. Gives you exactly the appropriate amount of information needed to understand basics behind sequence models. A must do course for all the students who want to pursue a career in this field.
Andrew Ng does an excellent job of explaining and teaching various sequence models in a format that any layman can understand.  I really enjoyed this course and look forward to taking more corses with Mr. Ng and his staff in the future.
Finally, I finished all the courses of the specialization within 4 weeks! Great courses, and I will recommend everyone I met who wants to learn ML and DL to go and see this series of courses. Thank Andrew Ng and course assistant as lot!
This is my last course of deep learning specialization class. I've learned the hottest topics in AI fields. I am really appreciate the Prof. Ng for his wonderful teaching and excellent lectures and hard work. Thanks a lot to COURSERA.
Excellent course. The instructor is able to teach difficult concepts in a very simple way which make them very easy to understand. Enjoyed the programming assignments. Looking forward to any course Andrew Ng might teach in the future.
¡Excelente curso! Llegar hasta acá haciendo la especialización vale el esfuerzo. Andrew Ng como siempre un gran maestro.Excellent course! Getting here doing the specialization is worth the effort. Andrew Ng as always a great teacher.
My only constructive criticism is: more difficult homework, or more homework in general. The programming assignments seem very important for internalizing concepts, and this course covers a lot of material in a short period of time.
A very good course on Sequence Models starting from the basics to designing a trigger word detection model. I will surely recommend the course if you are a deep learning enthusiast or you want to brush up your skills in this field.
Excellent material; though VERY dense. Notebooks still have some issues, but forums are really helpful. I feel that first 3 courses were much better prepared; though CNNs/RNNs are still super-useful despite not being 100% polished.
Really funny section about sequence model with interesting examples, helping me to understand how to learn the pattern of sequence data and transfer it to useful information. arouse my curiosity about other application in this area
Amazing set of courses.  Learned a ton of information that I will directly use at my current work and beyond.  And Andrew is a fantastic teacher that really engages with his students (despite this being an on-demand online course).
I enjoyed this course thoroughly. Excellent platform to start  Deep Learning. This course has touched almost every concept of deep learning. It has provided me the solid base now I am confident enough to take it to the next level.
The course was very well structured from the basics of RNN progressing slowly towards LSTM, GRU, word embedding and attention model finally. Kudos to the instructor and the team for providing such a good course on sequence models.
Thank you Andrew! Learned great things from this deep learning specialization course. The knowledge and certification I gained will help long way, in shaping my career. Thanks once again to the creators of this wonderful course :)
Amazing job once again by Andrew and his team. The world needs much more of this! Specially more implementations that can be put into use easily in real-life apps and projects. Now we know the theory, we can put it into practice.
I have learnt a lot from this course and it is very interesting to be part of this course as i understood the concepts of NLP in deep learning which is the most fascinating technology to learn and implement in real world problems
The first week of this course is maybe the most harder week of all the Deep Learning Specialization. But,  with Sequence Models I have understand infinite better the great possibilities of this techniques for improving the world.
The Course was Excellent. Sir's teaching was Excellent. I understood the techniques of Sequence Models and Natural Language Processing. The Programming Assignments were Excellent.  The Deep Learning Specialization was Excellent.
Amazing course and what a finish line. I only with the graded assignments are revisited as few of them have bugs in them. Also I hope the Word2Vec algorithm and word embedding in general is explained better and with exact steps.
Awesome course and specialization. Now, to implement everything I learned in my own programs, and of course I will be sure to revisit the videos until everything becomes second nature. Learn, program, improve and repeat. Thanks!
This was particularly intensive course of this whole series, learned a lot. Thanks to Prof. Andrew NG, accept a Natmastak Pranam from this Student of yours, will always be indebted for what I have learned here. You are the Best
I have many of books and blogs related to RNN, but was not clear and confident about it. And after studying only the first week video and lectures, I am so confident and happy that cant tell you!!! Thank you so much Andrew...;)
It seems like there are several and very useful RNN models. Many of them are very good at specific tasks, and if you take this course you will be abe to understand and implement many of them. It was a really amazing experience.
An excellent introduction to the theory and practice on recurrent deep neural networks. Great usage of all the 4 courses in this series to culminate with this course as a great finish to deep learning theory and implementation.
Yet another amazing class!  I'm so grateful for the existence of these classes.  It makes mastering deep learning very much easier. My thanks to Andrew, and all others who have worked so hard to make this course possible!   :-)
Most notably, an exercise guides one through the building of a recurrent network from scratch. More exercises show the value of different architectures and make the learner proficient in using neural network libraries (Keras).
This was quite a tough one.. But it was almost magical when the outputs of the assignment were successfully completed. Excellent. The discussion forums helped a lot, as the instructions were not very clear to novices like me.
Amazing course, Andrew Ng presents the material in a concise and intuitive manner. It would be nice to have access to all of the material needed to fool around with the assignments on our computers in an offline environment.
Thank you for this wonderful sequence of courses! This whole concept is still a bit blurry for me, but as a lot of people during the interview have mentioned, one must simply exercise new skills to understand the technology.
It's great course to get concepts right and overview. It will be great if you add further programming assignments(other than partially coded ones)  or resources as such where one can practice what he had learned as optional.
Great choice of material, i would be happy to have one more week of that course to see more examples and have more time to familiarise with the concepts. All weeks were very useful and all the material was greatly explained.
This course is good , I learn RNN,LSTM,GRU etc.Just one thing, the last assignment is hard to submit.I guess maybe there is a systematic problem that need to be solved. Everything except that is great. Thanks a lot, Andrew.
This is an excellent course for a beginner like myself. I would like to thank Andrew for making this course available to everybody in the world. Thank you so much for your inspiring course. With best regards, Seungbum Hong.
This course has helped me in developing an understanding for implementing sequence models through Recurrent Neural Networks that can be used in number of applications such as Natural Language Processing and Audio detection.
A briefly introduction of Sequence Models to solve sequence problem, such as translation, speech reorganization..etc. Homework is also very helpful to understand what is going on step by step under Recurrent Neural Network.
This is an excellence training course! I had a wonderful experience learning the leading edge Artificial Intelligence knowledge specialized with Deep Learning and believe this will make a life-long impact to my career path!
My favorite by far, and I'm not a fan on NLP. Sequence Models, especially attention mechanisms seem to have so much potential. Interested in using them to look at time series data analytics for industrial iot applications.
Excellent Course by Professor Andrew NG, I enjoyed learning what lays under the concept of Deep Learning and Neural Networks. Thank you very much to Andrew Bg and the team, and as well the mentors supporting the students.
The course content is great overall! The only thing I am a little unhappy is that one or two of the programming exercises have confusion instructions. But finally I made it under the help of peers on the discussion forum.
RNN model was quite difficult for me to learn, but all these lecture videos and programming assignments helped me understand it better. I liked the "Trigger word detection" (the last assignment of this course) very much.
Absolutely fantastic course! Perfectly follows on from the Machine Learning  course by Prof Ng et al. (One slight issue with some videos' audio: there was a very high-pitch whistling that was almost painful to the ear.)
At first I thought this was the least interesting course, but after the lectures and labs I have to say that this is really the most interesting of them all. However it requires some knowledge from the previous courses.
The final course was very brief and bit harder to digest. The assignments and quiz where also tricky but, overall had fun. Thanks Andrew Ng and team for the Deep Learning Specialization course to be offered on Coursera.
Out of all five specialization courses, this was second most useful (right after first course in the series). Also one of the few that used any modern DL framework (Keras) and not implementing pseudo solutions in numpy.
I was able to understand the difference between sequence models and previous course models. Moreover, I understood now how text and speech can be processed by AI. Finally, I could understand better the Keras framework.
This was an excellent course. The materials were perfectly structured to maximize understanding. I had no idea of a RNN and the course made a fantastic job in explaining and helping me develop a precise understanding.
Yet again Andrew Ng explains complex topics related to Sequential models in a much easier and understandable way . Barring few problems with the assignments and missing overview on Keras , overall course is a good one
This Is very helpful course in order to learn Recurrent Neural Networks. The first 2 weeks were amazing but the third week was a bit less interesting. This whole series of Deep Learning Specialisation is really good.
firstly, I know about RNN is from this course, the explanation is clear, combination between theory and practical is great. This is a good resource for you if you want to know about RNN, NLP with Deep Neural Network.
Thank you! Although I have been working on AI for more than a year, coursera has given me a more systematic understanding of my previous work, and many opinions have been very helpful to my work, thank you very much!
This course was very good in terms of practical knowledge as it will keep challenging you in each and every assignment. It will make sure you utilize discussion forum thoroughly :) I loved it Course 4 and 5 are best.
This course is excellent . It might be pretty intense of an ending specialization  course .It might be extended with how to structure sequence machine learning projects module .Thanks again for making this possible !
Thank you for creating a course that provides so many insights into such a difficult topic.  Were it not for this entire specialization I might still be lost looking for a way to enter the field of AI.  Thanks a lot!
Andrew Ng's course is immensely enjoyable and accessible as usual. I especially appreciated the use of durian as an example throughout. It very much made me hungry and nostalgic for my time at home in Southeast Asia.
The Sequence Models course was very unique. When I had read about RNNs many concepts were not clear. Now I have a better understanding of RNN, GRU and LSTM. But I have to still learn dig more into Attention models.
Great course, very clear presentation and interesting examples on how to prepare data and how to use keras. Very interesting on how easy it is to build & train complex networks with keras (once you have the data..)
Andrew Ng Sir made deep learning so easy to understand and interesting. I was intimidated by words LSTM ,RNN, Attention etc but now i am comfortable with these concepts. Thanks a Lot Sir for this wonderful series.
Great course. Very challengint for me, but thanks to the clear explanations provided i could finish it and have surprises when I found that many of my thinking on the matter was right!I'm so grateful. Thank you!!!
In my opinion this 5th course on sequence model is the most interesting (and the hardest) course in this specialization; not only the content but the programming practices are well built.It's my favorite course :)
Thanks for taking the time to put this together!  It was very helpful, and I've gone from total ML newbie to confidently creating my own useful models and applications.  I recommend this course on a regular basis.
A Brilliant Course!!! I got to learn a lot very efficiently about Recurrent Neural Networks!!! Thank you so much deeplearning.ai!!!I learnt a lot through the programming assignments!! Beautifully created course!!!
This is how a course needs to design, hats off guys a proper mathematical explanation for intuition. Andrew ng he has special quality how to draw students if topics are too hard that's what a good teacher needs.
Dr. Andrew is the best instructor! The course not just covers the conceptual understanding but also connects you to everything that has happened/ is happening in the particular field, and the "Heroes" of course!
Overall the course was quite satisfactory and exhaustive learning. The explanation of professor Andrew Ng was very simple and understandable. I loved learning the course and completed it way before the due date.
Excellent course both in terms of content and the tools provided! Of course, you've got to put the effort to understand what's going on and pull together the bigger picture, especially in the weekly assignments.
Amazing course. Andrew Ng has exceptional talent to explain complicated concepts. I have heard about RNNs in other courses but this is the first course, that actually made me understand them. Highly recommended.
This is just the beginning. you will have a flashlight, a rope, and some other necessary stuff. you might need to build necessary stuff and keep hiking. Enjoy learning basics of hiking from best hiker (prof NG)
Everything from the basic concepts such as GRUs and LSTMs to audio and language applications explained perfectly and simply in such a way that even a high school student like me could understand it. Thank you!
This is is a very good cutting edge course. I would like to have less ' help' in the programming assignments or replicate the CNN course by implementing research paper algorithms. ALL in ALL great great course
This series is a gem. Although, I have build some Deep Learning Models, this course provided me an in-depth knowledge of 'What, How and Why'. It enhanced my theoretical underpinnings of learning astoundingly.
this course is an excellent introduction in Sequence models and RNN, it helped me a lot as all the course in the specialisation.thank you Andrew and all the stuff that contribute to the success of this course
After several months of completing this specialization, I will still come back to refresh and further strengthen my understanding via Andrew's excellent explanation on the topics. Thanks Andrew and his team!
The programming assignments are well designed and very practical. Finishing them is the best way to learn the techniques. This is the best class and recommend it to anyone who wants to learn sequence models.
Great course. Although it is a little hard to grasp what RNN is doing from the beginning. It would be helpful if there's a simple demonstration what each step of RNN is doing at the beginning of the course.
Amazing course. Amazing explanation of how Sequence Models work in a very intuitive and practical way. Amazing code examples - learnt a lot. Oh just one note though -- Durian is from Malaysia not Singapore!
I have to admit that this, together with the 4th course, was the most difficult one. However, I definitely learnt a lot from this course. Thank you very much to Prof. Andrew Ng and his assistant professors.
Excellent course, just like all other courses of this specialisation. I highly recommend the whole specialisation for any one serious about DL. Thanks Prof Ng and thanks for his team for such great efforts.
I have just finished the whole Deep Learning Specialization. Andrew Ng is an awesome teacher. He is one of my heros, too. For AI enthusiasts like me, this specialization is one of the best choice to learn.
I seriously didn't want this to end. Completing this specialization has been a joy from the beginning. Prof. Ng is absolutely brilliant and one of the best educators I have had the pleasure to study under.
Excellent course, providing a broad range of theory and exercises to apply newly learned knowledge. It was time very well spent getting started in Deep Learning. A next more advanced course would be great!
I really enjoyed the course but not only me. My kids had lots of fun with trying the emojifier exercise. Thanks a lot for all 5 courses, which I found just perfect way to quickly get some taste of the AI.
The materials in this course were fantastic, and the problems were extremely interesting. There are still some typos and glitches in the programming assignments, but I'm sure these will disappear in time.
Course content was great.  Excellent content and pretty up-to-date material.  The programming exercises had very cool examples, but sometimes it was unclear how to construct code (lots of web searching).
Very well structured course, most content does require self going over and full understanding as some concepts are not easy to grasp but nevertheless the explanations provided do help for the most part.
Well structured course with useful programming assignments. Provides an ungraded section with advanced materials to work on, which is good for those who want to implement DL algorithms from the scratch.
brilliant course, great quality instruction from Andrew Ng. The only faults are that some of the labs have not been supervised properly being a but buggy and a couple of later lectures were very dry.
One of the best thing from this class is not only we can understand the concept of RNN, LSTM, etc, but also I also get the idea about how these technique can be used in many daily life  applications
This is one of the most comprehensive yet enjoyable courses in the whole specialization! There are several assignments of practical applications. Thanks for the time and effort put into this course.
So many possibilities will be presented in front of you after this course. The only limit is the boundary of my imagination and creativity, that is how I feel now upon the completion of this course.
This was a tough one. The specialization is well structured and slowly progresses in terms of complexity. Having worked on RNN, i thought I would ace the projects.  Different story though at the end
Dr. Ng and team did a great job! Dr. Ng delivered even the most complicated concepts in the most lucid way possible. Assignments created by the team are awesome and very good to work on! 5/5 course!
Such a nice instructor and very good course material to understand the basics of Deep learning. I really enjoyed  this course , Thanks for making such online course for us. Once again a big thanks.
It's an exciting course to learn about sequence models. The assignment illustrate the concept via step by step to understand how to implement how to implement the models and process the input data.
A really joyful introduction in the Sequence Models, such as RNNs, LSTM etc. Sometimes the assignments got a little hard and with patience and help from forums, it gets achievable! Thanks again! :D
Excellent course! This course extensively covers all of the relevant areas of NLP with a strong practical element allowing you to applying Deep Learning for Sequence Models in real-world scenarios.
"Machine Learning" by Andrew Ng is my 2nd Coursera course in 2013, and "Sequence Models - Deep Learning Specialization" is my latest Coursera course in 2018. Both are really great and very helpful.
A great course created by Andrew Ng, with a proper proportion of theory along with practicals this course serves as a great beginning point for someone who is looking to enter in the field of NLP.
You SAVED MY LIFE Thank you soooooooooo much!!, I am ready to give every thing I have just to thank you!!!!!!!!!!!! GOD BLESS YOU SOOOOO much ... keep contributing this world need people like you.
Another absolutely unbelievable course by Andrew Ng! Phenomenal content, great delivery, engaging programming exercises and awesome real-world applications. Couldn't be happier about taking this.
I am very grateful to Andrew for not only explaining how it works, but also why so. This is the hardest of the five deeplearning.ai courses, but it is a great pleasure to understand LSTM and GRU.
great and very helpful. i think the 5th course is a little bit difficult than the previous 4 courses and take need some basic knowledge about keras. but you can also learn a lot with this course.
Now I know what those famous LSTM are all about! Great introduction to recurrent neural networks, absolute requirement for NLP, speech recognition, sentence generation and many more applications.
Really, what you have done throughout this specialization is truly magical! Taking this course was the best thing that could have happened in my life as a learner! Thank you, Andrew NG and team!
taught in an exceptional way, foundations were explained in step by step manner. Will recommend  those want to learn latest techniques in voice detection, trigger response and voice assistance.
Andrew Ng's amazing teaching is the only reason I took this course and I am not disappointed at all. Well structured course with great programming exercises relevant to real world applications.
The course is really effective both on theoretical and the practical part. All the main topic for sequence models have been presented in an intriguing and clear manner. Congratulations to all.
Great introduction to practical Keras-based deep learning algorithms, studies, techniques and delivered using Jupyter notebooks. Couldn't ask for a better approach to teaching machine learning
Great course for learning about how to deal with sequential data. I really enjoyed it. You can read the keras documentation for the programming exercises in case you are not familiar with it.
Just finished the entire course. I learned a lot. I do believe that they give you too much clues during the exercises, but since I've never used python before, I don't really mind. Thank you!
Best Course I have ever completed. The lectures were very engaging and would give you through insight of the problems. Various ideas and their application was depicted in very beautiful ways.
Great course! As usual, very clear and detailed explanation, break down tough concepts into simpler terms. I've learnt a lot from the course. Thank you so much, Prof. Andrew Ng and your team!
Very thankful to Professor Andrew and course instructors and  mentors.I have learned a lot and feel very confident going forward applying the deep learning skills I have learnt. THANK YOU !!!
Amazing course, just like the previous 4 of the specialization. Sir Andrew Ng has simplified and helped implement deep learning in a really helpful way. Grateful to have such a great teacher
This course was my favourite and definitely the most challenging.  Every course with Andrew Ng is amazing.  Thank you and I will continue to take more courses in this area of specialization.
The sequence model course is good , but compared to the convolutional neural net course it somewhat lacking in the content. But overall the concepts and assignments are good and challenging.
This course is harder than course 1, 2 & 4. Especially for the assignments of week 1, I spent far more than 4 hours to complete. It is better to provide more contents on Speech Recognition.
The best specialization ever! thank you for all the dedicated people  behind these courses and thanks Andrew Ng for explaining all the materials in the most enjoyable and easy way possible.
This Course was a nice introduction to Sequence-To-Sequence Models, where we learned about applications involving speech recognition, machine translation, & captioning of images or videos.
This is one of the best course which has covered Sequence Model so well that everyone can understand it. Thanks to Deeplearning.ai for this amaing course and specially thanks to Andrew Ng.
thank you！ I wonder if there have any platform or any web that i can continue learn more about machine learning? I want to read new papers or even discuss some idea about machine learning.
Great course. Thank you. I enlarged my knowledge in machine learning and took an inspiration make a research in deep learning, at least I started to read papers and try to generate ideas.
I was so confused of RNN, LSTM. Was very depressed after finishing this course i am kinda really happy! Fully understood the logic behind RNNs and LSTMs. Great course highly recommended!
Well structured and interesting coding assigments, just enough to make use of what you learn and then you would still need more hands-on experience to master the knowledge provided here.
The Toughest one in the Deep Learning Series.But had lots of fun in learning. Now I begin the exploration of Speech Recognition , Music Creation and NLP in muh greater detail on my own.
Thank you very much for the experience and could you also develope a similar course for time series prediction on data other than speech or NLP like sensor generated data, weather, etc.
Really learned a lot from this course. This makes me feel closer to my dream! Thanks to Andrew and his crew! Thanks to the course!Thanks to Deep Learning technology! Thanks to Coursera!
the course itself was great, but Coursera did a very bad job providing the infrastructure for the last assignment. it took me a long time to hack the assignment and submit successfully.
Love all the specialization courses. Concise, clear and entertaining theoretical explanations. And very well prepared and illustrative assigments.Thanks for your dedication and work....
Excellent Course form Reinforcement Learning and Sequence models. I recommend everyone who are going to take Natiural Language Processing, as it build a strong base in sequence models.
This was just like a cherry on top of cake. This is highly recommended for the deep learning and machine learning enthusiasts. Content and quality of course material is beyond perfect.
While this course was excellent, it is worth noting that the programming assignments were sometimes very very challenging and there was little to no guidance in the accompanying hints.
Thank you so much for this course. It's beyond helpful. I'm very grateful for the path of discovery that it has provided and excited to continue developing my skills in the real world.
A wonderful conclusion to a thorough sequence! I enjoyed this specialization so much. Thank you to Andrew Ng, and Teaching Fellows, for putting this program together! Much appreciated!
This was the most difficult course in the series, but also has the greatest application to the kinds of problems I am interested in.  Thank you creating this course and series! - Steve
This time around the programming exercises were a bit of guesswork. Would have been helpful to have more informative error messages. However, the course was very well taught as always.
Excelent resources and learning materials, it was very intiutive and helpful, thank you to Mr Andrew and his team. That was my last course in specialization, I will miss this place :)
Excellent course!!! The only feedback for improvement is that it took me much longer time to complete the homeworks than advertised. So probably the work estimates need to be refined.
It is a well designed course and will teach you things in a way where you will never get the feel of being left behind. Each and every word of Prof. Andrew Ng deepens your knowledge.
Great course, great lectures and assignments. It would have been slightly better if the assignments required more input from students' side rather than providing most of the details.
This course taught me so many important concepts in such an engaging way.Andrew Ng is the best teacher I have ever come across.Looking forward to do more courses from you.Thank you!
This course is hard to learn. It requires a lot of basic concepts about NLP and RNN. Fortunately, programming exercises have effectively deepened my understanding of these concepts.
Excellent overview of recurrent neural networks and applications like NLP, speech recognition, and sentiment analysis! The assignments especially were comprehensive and fascinating!
This course is AWESOME!!! I learned so much and it was put together so well. This course allowed me to write an article on attention and better understand stacked LSTM RNN networks.
I have the best time with you who designed the course and learnt together. When the professor said thank you, I was really moved and, not a words can express my appreciation to you!
I got very valuable insights from this course. I have a raspberry Pi in home using which I control a lamp. I am going to activate it with speech based on learning from this course.
Thank you so much for the entire deep learning specialization. Thanks for generously sharing so many aspects about various topics, which will be otherwise difficult to come across.
The most challenging one among all 5 courses of this specialization, but I also got the most fun from the videos and programming exercises. The discussion forums are quite helpful.
A very well organized course. Assignments, lectures, almost everything is extremely organized and rich in content. This gave me a concrete theoretical knowledge on sequence models.
Great overview of sequence models. This was the course in the series that was most relevant to my topic of interest, so I was looking forward to it and enjoyed every moment of it.
Very interesting course for those who do not know sequential models. As for the programming exercises, they are very easy to complete but help understanding how everything works.
All the courses are great, but this is the one I was interested in most. It didn't disappoint. The exercises were a bit challenging, but a lot of fun and relevant to the subject.
Apart from a few frustrations in earlier assignments because of some errors in the Jupyter notebook, which have rectified, the course was a challenging and rewarding experience.
Great introduction to sequence models. While the actual concepts are hard to grasp, programming exercises has given a very good understanding of the application of these models.
I am pleased about the in-depth explanation about RNNs, LSTMs, and GRUs, as well as the Attention mechanism. Those were the topics that I was looking for when taking this class.
Awesome course. Andrew Ng is a very good teacher. I've also done the DL course on Udacity which was very unstructured and hard to follow. The only thing I was missing were GANs.
Was fun with lessons, some assignments gave issues with necessity of additional care on being aware of the "grader", as some simple mistakes led to no grading, otherwise great!
Incredible! Just Loved it. Loved the entire deep learning specialization by coursera. Programming Assignments in this course were challenging but rewarding. Thank You Coursera.
Great course with a lot of content about sequence models based on Recurrent Neural Networks. Although sometimes the topics are very complex, everything is explained very clear.
Andrew is excellent teacher! During last three months, his not only taught me deep learning but brought me peace helping me go through a hard time. I am so appreciate for that.
Simply excellent ending for the deep learning specialisation. This course 5 together with course 4 (CNNs) is really the core and the most important part of the 5-course series.
I learned how to use LSTM or GRU in NLP task. And I have learned many intuitions and skills of Sequence Models  and its application in various NLP tasks and speech recognition.
Great course! Especially like how well thought out it is, especially the assignments. They are something you can save and refer back to as long as you're working in the field.
It was fun and a wonderful experience to learn deep learning. Course content is well structured, and the way things are taught , kept me engaged all the time.Thank You Andrew.
Andrew Ng is a great teacher, explaining everything in detail and trying to help you develop intuition about the very difficult processes that happen in deep neural networks.
This course helped me gain a solid knowledge in the field of RNNs, Language Model etc. It also helped me to interpret the industrial level projects  in a more systematic way.
The course explanation is really nice. The topics are a bit advanced and hence need to be gone through multiple times. As always, Andrew and the team nail it with their work.
I have completed the full specialization. For sure this the best specialization if anyone wants to build his/her career on AI. Thanks to Coursera to be a part of our journey.
I have not seen a better video tutorial for sequence models. I definitely recommend this course and specialization for those who would like to work with deep learning models.
Great Course as Always. Talks about Few Major Sequence Modeling Algorithms to some deep extent. And the Practical assignments are Fun to do as well. Thank you, Dr Andrew NG.
I loved the course and the whole specialisation. I learnt a lot and I am going to apply all this knowledge to do some projects on my own. Thank you for designing the course.
Excellent instruction, yet again! Thank you for such a valuable course that is available to people who can't afford expensive instruction at a university. I am so grateful!!
Great course! I was introduced to many interesting and difficult concepts about machine learning. The lectures were very good and the assignments were somewhat challenging.
Really useful knowledge ready to be applied to real world problems. Easy to learn without any backgrounds in AI. The practice part is very clear and helpful. Thanks Andrew!
That's the most complicated course in the Specialization. But the more complicated algorithms the more interesting tasks. Thanks for fascinating trip through Deep Learning!
It is a very complete course I learned a lot about various network architectures to use in language model, speech recognition, music generation, etc. I highly recommend it.
This one was bit tougher then earlier 4 courses but a very good course. Course content is great for implementing NLP. Course step ups my existing level in Machine Learning.
This was the most fun course of the series. I particularly liked how you can use RNN for NLP. Great series of courses @ deeplearning.ai. Thank you Dr. Andrew Ng and team.
the first week is relevant to my work, but it was great learning a bit about other topics in week2 and week 3. Thank you so much for making these videos and assignments!
Excellent course in order to learn an introduction about Natural Language Processing and Speech Recognition. The programming assignments are fun and challenging. Thanks!
One of the harder to understand concepts that exist in deep learning. However, the intuition that Andrew gives you makes it so much easier to comprehend. Worthy course!
Most of the concepts were new to me. Loved the way the simplicity with which Andrew Ng and his team delivered these concepts even though theoretically they looks tough.
Thank you, teachers! I learned a lot from this Course as well as this Specialization.Thank you for Andrew Prof and every teacher made this valuable course.Thank You <3
This is a very interesting piece of science. Andrew is a great teacher. He always explains all the complex phenomena in a very simple and coceivable way. Thanks a lot!
As we proceeded with the lecture, we were able to gain a better understanding of the sequence model and further assist in envisioning entrepreneurial items. Thank you.
As usual, Prog. Ng has delivered a wonderful course with so many practical examples. The programming exercises were great too (though the online notebooks were flaky).
I had a very good learning experience as the course content was very good and moreover I love the teaching style of Andrew and the motivation he shares while teahing.
Awesome class!!! Mr. Ng explained everything so well I really felt I got a good understanding and the programming exercises were just hard enough and plenty of hints.
Great course! Very informative, and delivered in a way that is easy to follow if you've taken the other courses in the specialization. Andrew has a gift for teaching.
Thank you coursera, Thank you Sir Andrew NG, I just finished the specialization, it seems extremely helpful, It's the most important specialization I have ever seen.
A very good final for the Deep Learning Specialization. This course has made it very easy for me to understand new research papers that involve LSTM and RNN networks
Very practical. This entire sequence of courses does a great job of taking concepts to the next level and showing how to build practical deep learning applications.
Very effective and intellectual teaching in combination with theory, practical exercises, Thanks to Andrew Ng for making such a deep learning specialization course.
Excellent Course! Bit tough compared to earlier courses, had to watch few videos almost thrice to understand the concepts. Superb course to complete specialization!
wonderful class! Really like the style Andrew teaches. The materials he prepared are very informative. The programming homework are especially helpful (and joyful)!
Very good course for beginners. I personally feel it should be taken by each deep learning aspirant as a starting course who is interested in sequential modelling.
An excellent course which has enabled me to begin to app;ly these techniques in the area of language processing at work.  Meets all objectives and ticks all boxes.
Took a deep dive into the esoteric world of Deep Learning. What a brilliant course by Andrew Ng. He truly is a remarkable teacher. An immensely satisfying course.
Some assignment are difficult but interesting enough. I advice other when you stuck in your assignment or quiz again view the video clear your concept and retake.
Thank you for introducing RNN briefly. This is a vast topic but the course managed to give a good idea to enable one to begin on RNN modelling. Thank you Andrew!!
Thank you so much for putting all of the dedicated efforts in creating such an incredibly amazing and useful course for students like me! I really appreciated it!
Good course. The programming exercices are harder than the other courses if you do not correctly understand Kerras logic. Thank you for giving the type of courses
Great module as all in the specialization, really. If I were to be picky, the programming exercise could be a bit more challenging by having less completed code.
That's great journey to accomplish the Deep Learning Specialization course. I thanks all deeplearning.ai and Coursera teams who provided this wonderful platform.
One of the best courses out there on Deep Learning. The ease and comforting pace is the best part, learnt a lot, will now try to implement the same from scracth.
This course is so well organised and provides easy explainations for complex neural network models. Furthermore the assignments are really awsome and fun to do !
Excellent course and specialization. Very detailed explanations, active forums and great assignments. A big "Thank you!" to Professor Ng, the staff and Coursera!
Kinda hard for me, because I am more involved into Structured Data and Image Processing Projects right now. But this course gave me lots of new ideas. Thank you!
The most challenging one of the 5, projects were interesting. Andrew's approach is clear as always. Great place to start. Previous 4 courses are a prerequisite.
I loved the content of this course. It covers very relevant topics, the lectures are fun and easy to navigate through, and the assignments are very interesting.
Great video lessons though some of them repeated the same point to many times. Great test/questions sections. Very interesting, educational and fun assignments.
Wonderful. Fun. Interesting. Relevant.Only improvement: free extended versions of the notebooks, ungraded, with the long process to do the end-to-end projects.
This course is very affect to fill my knowledge during pandemic. I hope to get more knowledge by learning courses related with machine learning and AI on here.
Awesome course, no other online course can match the depth and breadth of the content. State of the art information and super useful and practical assignments.
Great, very usefull with both fundamental understanding of the sequence model, and great practical exercises unsing Keras both to fully understand and gain pra
Finally, finish the 5 courses, really appreciate Andrew's helpful instruction and the inspiring homework. These courses really help me get a big picture of DL.
Very good introduction to RNN, GRU and LTSM neural networks with good practical examples. Recommended for those who want to understand how these networks work.
This is a very practical course on using Deep sequence models such as RNNs, LSTM and GRU. Lots of real world application based assignments. Thank you Prof. Ng!
The sequence model is very complete and teaches most of the important concepts using RNN. I think it is a very nice foundation for whoever wants to learn RNN.
Very difficult course, but perfectly complete-able if you studied Courses 1, 2 and 4. Would like to learn something like reinforcement learning in the future!
Great course! Covers all the essential material. The discussion on attention is the simplest explanation I've come across but gets into all necessary detail.
This course extensively covers the aspects of NLP and its various use cases. It will be of an excellent start for me on my pursuit of research in this field.
Really enjoyed it, but it was definitely more complicated than any of the other 4 courses in the specialization! Andrew NG is a phenomenal teacher, love it!
Very good course. Would be nice to offer yearly or biyearly updates on the latest influential research targeted to graduates of deep learning specialization
nice videos on sequence modelling , LSTM , types of RNNs, GRUs , intuition on natural language processing and doing the assignments were really interesting.
I really enjoy and am expressed by how sequence models contribute to NLP, speech recognition, etc. I do think this inspires me to explore more in the field
Fantastic specialization! Thank you Andrew and the other course contributors. I am inspired to go out and use my new Deep Learning super power for good :-)
Loved this course. It was everything I expected and more. Always had a hard time understanding attention mechanism and Dr Andrew Ng explained it very well.
I find CNN/RNN courses very helpful, but I would highly recommend to improve the exercises. Some typo mistakes can result in hours wondering what is wrong.
Excellent content and hands on assignments provides the best ever learning experience ever. I would like to thank all the content creators of this course.
Its been great journey to complete this course and so many things I learned which will be helpful in many deep learning and machine learning applications.
As usual Mr.Andrew NG is great in explaining the concepts.I hope to make use of the skills learnt through this course and this one is coming in great way.
Very interesting course!  It has taught me a lot. Special thanks to the Mentors and the Students who gave hints and explanations in the discussion forums.
Extremely clear and useful. Natural Language Processing, Speech Recognition and Automatic Translation are now concepts much more clearer and close for me.
Slightly more difficult than the previous course but a fascinating course. Programming assignments require more thoughts but they are real world use cases
I was highly confused about sequence models before this course. This course is highly recommended. Thanks to the total deeplearning.ai and Coursera team.
Amazing Content !Grateful to Andrew Ng and his Deeplearning.AI team for spending great amount of time and effort to come up with such a quality content !
Course content and lectures are excellent. Programming assignments have some minor glitches which should be addressed for a course that requires tuition.
Great lectures. Well thought out quizzes and exercises. The only negative point is that the exercises are too easy, they spoon feed too much of the code.
Perfect Start for Understanding RNNs, LSTMs, BRNN, Attention and Basic NLP. It gets you up and running with very easy KERAS implementation of the things.
The lectures are amazing.  The assignments were difficult for me, but forced me to understand the concepts better.  Really glad to have taken the course.
Excellent course that not only provides a good foundation for deep learning in general, but also gives some insights into more recent developments in AI.
Very much satisfied, to its content. Learnt a lot, thanks a ton to Prof. Andrew Ng for your hard work on its topics & how making learning easy. 😁️☺️👍️
Very effective at improving my understanding of RNNs (and its variants), Natural Language Processing, and some basics regarding working with audio data.
This has been an excellent journey and I personally learned a lot from this courses. I want to thank AndrewNg for being the best teacher I ever had. <3
This specialization really helped me understand DL thoroughly. I really thank Coursera and Andrew's team at Deeplearning.ai for this wonderful content!
Awesome assignments. This course was a little difficult to understand but the assignments helped in understanding some of the complex topics discussed.
Great course, but needs more checks for understanding during the lecture. Course would also benefit with a dedicated module on TensorFlow and/or Keras.
The course is well-structured, and a nice introduction to sequence-related neural networks. The programming assignments cover interesting applications.
Fantastic! After this course, i can clearly understand how the basic RNN works. All the programming exercises are very very useful! Thank you so much!
Probably the hardest course of the deeplearning.ai specialization, but made easier with thorough explanations of basic sequence models' architectures.
This is an awesome course like other courses in this specialization. You can easily understand concepts and apply them thanks to Andrew and his team.
Sir Andrew teaches in a very friendly way, also the programming assignment is great to check your understanding of the concepts. Highly recommended.
Thank you Andrew for being such a good and kind person. You've been a shelter and a kind teacher for all of us. Thank you, Thank you and, Thank you.
Great course on how RNNs work and how they are used to solve real problems (speech recognition, translation, names generation, music generation...).
Systematic, step by step approach to understanding sequence models and practical exercises to see them implemented with lots of guidance.Thanks you!
The toughest course in the deep learning specialization for me. Learnt a lot. Made me ready for further readings and consolidation of the materials.
Concepts are covered very well.  They are not very easy to grasp. But Professor Ng makes it easy.  Hopefully, I will practice some of the knowledge.
Thank you Andrew for sharing all these great and latest staff in the AI Deep Learning field. Fantastic course. Will recommend it to all my IT staff.
the hole module properly designed and the lecture was very interesting and helpful also coding assignments were really challenging but very useful.
This course have been very useful to learn fundamentals of sequence models. I'm really very happy to apply this course and being able to finish it.
Excellent course. RNN is a complicated topic which has been taught so easily. Thank you Professor Andrew Ng. Loved every programming exercises too.
Very good quality course taught by Professor Andrew Ng. You will learn the basics to master Deep Learning Sequence Models using Keras / TensorFlow.
Excellent course! I learned a lot. The assignment are not as well prepared as previous courses. Probably they'll be better as students raise errors
As a novice in seq-2-seq models, I learned so much! This is a great source of state-of-the art knowledge. I only wish it was at least 4 weeks long.
Professor Ng's lectures provided intuitive ways to understand the complex recurrent neural networks and how to apply it in real world applications.
Andrew Ng does not hold anything back while discussing sequence models, including attention mechanisms and how to process and generate audio data.
excellent, I did some speech recognition & neural nets in the past, I am surprised at how much the field has evolved, this was a great refreshener
The specialisation and this course have truly helped me gain a profound knowledge in theory as well as in programming of the Deep Learning models.
It has been a long way, but in my opinion this is one of the best set of courses related to Deep Learning someone can find on the internet today.
The course really well introduces to the key concepts of machine learning sequence modelling and NLP tasks. Furthermore, it is really up-to-date.
The course is very good for understanding RNN, GRU, LSTM from basics along with word embedding. Thank you Andrew Ng Sir for such a great course.
This module didn't look as prepared than the others. The assignments had far more errors than the others and also the video were less compelling
Awesome course, taking the student from basics to the advanced level seamlessly.  I Really learnt a lot from this. Thanks Andrew Ng and team. :)
I find this course much better done and prepared than the course on ConvNets. I also learned much here and found it interesting and educational.
This specialisation was very informative, and I learned a lot of things from these courses. Thanks to Coursera and Deeplearning.ai to teach me.
This course teaches relatively advanced courses in a very intuitive manner. The assignments were challenging yet fun. Highly recommended course
Pretty good, for learning recurrent neural network and neural machine translation,  and I learned a lot about Keras in the program assignments.
Excellent exercises and assignments! And most importantly, Prof. Andrew Ng's teaching style is superb and has made me quite an admirer of him.
Clear but concise , Which is really helpful for busy professionals. the course tests are really useful in conveying the message of the course.
I was really hoping this course would focus more on time series data. Still a great course if you are interested in speech recognition and NLP
Really well taught course. I felt like the programming assignments were too easy. I think its one of the best deep learning courses out there.
Impressive amount of work to prepare the course material. I enjoy the learning immensely. It saves me a lot of time from reading white papers.
The course is really helpful. The whole series helped me get a sense of what is deep leawrning and how CNN and RNN work in different contexts.
One of the best courses I have taken. The great balance between theory and practice(assignments) is so well done and on point. Thanks Andrew.
It is a really good course which gives you a lot of knowledge about sequence models. It provides a good understanding of the overall concept.
Thank you for creating and sharing this course! You are an inspiration for me and many people around the world! I wish you the best, thanks!
Relly good course, goes well beyond the coding to explain the fundamentals of sequence models. Some of the exercise notebooks are excellent.
all course in this series is the best on its own like this also it has all knowledge we need to get going. thank you andrew sir and his team
thank you andrew ng you are the best teacher in all the world i'm very happy to study with you chaker from tunisia all my colleague love you
a very good course with lots practical assignments which helps me in developing AI with Recurrent Neural Networks and apply word2vecs model.
Definitely one of the best courses in my life. I am truly grateful to Prof.Andrew and deeplearning.ai team for all your super great efforts.
The labs are well designed, and the course is well explained. Though the course has been waited for months, it is worth to take this course.
great teacher and good content. Thanks for course. One of best courses I had. This course is to courses what Lord of the Rings is to movies.
Very nice course if you want to apply natural language processing start through python.Very nice course to start your crazy projects in NLP.
Thanks Andrew for making the concepts so intuitive, relevant to practical examples & fun!! This specialization was great learning experience
I have learned a lot of details which I ignored in this course. One small suggestion, hope the course use pytorch as programming exercises.
Awesome experience it is one the best courses i've taken so far. It has polished my AI skills to come in race with the future technologies.
I developed intuition for RNN, LSTM, GRU and then course applied them in NLP, and speech recognition. I feel ready for more AI development.
Definitely worth it! A great way to end the series of courses in the specialization. Programming exercises are really well thought and fun!
The hardest of the five courses. Recurrent NN are super useful once you get a grasp of the idea. The attention model is a remarkable model.
Very Insightful course indeed! I would only suggest one thing and that is more mathematics in the videos and the rest all is just awesome.
I am so thankful to Coursera for making this possible for me. This course tests your limits and makes you push beyond them. Great content.
Well structured  course and extremely good explanation of difficult concepts. Would recommend it to anyone interested in deep learning! :)
This was the best course of deep learning. It took a lot of time, but I gained a lot too. Thank you very much and I hope to see you later.
Such a great end of the Specialization. Hope everyone has enjoyed it as I have, and Congratulations to everyone who has reached this point
Very in-depth and practical course. Assignments are challenging and very funny. Some Keras background (or paralell learning) would be nice
Best course which help me to begin my career in ml & dl.Thanks to Andrew Ng , a great teacher.Thanks to all who contribute to this course.
Prof Andrew Ng has again shown his uncanny ability in breaking down a very complex subject into something easy for everyone to understand.
Loved the exercises and materials in Week 2. I plan to specialise in DL text summarisation. This course has been very useful to me. Thanks
Learning AI is a journey.   This was a great foundational course....I look forward to applying what I learned to real world challenges!!!
best for a beginner who wants to learn RNN ...once again thank u Andrew ng..and also thanks for this specialization course...thanks a lot
I enjoyed this Deep Learning Specialization more than any of the courses I took during my college career, and learned so much. Thank You!
I have thoroughly enjoyed the course with Andrew sir, this whole specialisation is very informative , knowledgable and beginner friendly.
Challenging course with great assignments for hands-on. Sometimes a struggle with the auto-grader, but still a highly recommended course.
This course gives you a brief introduction to sequence to sequence learning, rnn, lstm etc and also speech recognition. Best course ever.
Excellent real-world examples with solid explanations of the algorithmic background.  The lessons will be very easy to put into practice.
Wonderful course, This is the First time in my life, I waited three months for a course. That is the interest the God Father has created.
Superb! The course content is brilliant, and while the assignments are geared towards NLP, they do a good job of explaining the concepts!
It has been  a really interesting and tough course that has allowed me to gain practice with never, by me, seen  data. Really suggested!
This is a very useful, well-structured and interesting course. Programming assignments are very helpful and fun to do. Highly recommend!
The content is good. But in the programming assignment, why not stick to Tensorflow. Is there a reason opting for Keras over Tensorflow?
Very well put together course with easy way to learn and use frameworks and getting under the hood of the latest technologies. Thank you
Very  very demanding. ButTop level team: Andrew inspiring approach and top tutors help fix complex concepts into mind through practice.
The course is well structured. The graphs used to explain the principle of different algorithms (such as LSTM GRU Glove) are intuitive.
Great course on sequence models covering a lot of applications in translation, speech recognition, music synthesis. Highly recommended.
Thanks Dr. Andrew NG and team for putting together a fabulous series of courses. I am grateful for motivating me to use DL in practice!
Quiet deep course for understanding the RNN's and their implementations. Sad I haven't found time to pass this course few months ago=)
Awesome course, Andrew Ng is a master at explaining everything in a very clear and concise way. Makes hard concepts easy! Thank you :)
A very good course which helps of understand basics of sequence modelling and its various applications in Natural Language Processing.
Very well laid out with good coverage and good insights about what types/sizes of neural networks are prevalent in commercial systems.
Another good course offered by Coursera and Prof Andrew Ng. I recommend this course to those who want to dive into the AI trend today.
Another awesome course from Prof. Ng! Enjoyed every single piece of it, presentations, quizzes and especially exercises.  Many thanks!
Well organized, concepts are explained clearly. Fun assignments. I felt this one was the toughest, but that made it more interesting.
Very good but comparatively difficult course in the specialization. Do take this course for sure if you want to make some cool stuff.
It was an exceptional learning course.Thank you very much Andrew sir for sharing your knowledge to the world,you are amazing person.
It was really helpful and informative too. The assignments given were very interesting and helped a lot to understand the concepts .
It's good course. you can learn different technique skill and type the code by  yourself. Start to learn something new in your life.
Really interesting themes about the state of the art about the NNs and full of amazing programming exercise to put it into practice.
I really really liked the content inside this course. I find NLP really interesting and as always, Andrew Ng, explains it very well.
It was good that I was able to understand the concept of the sequence model.I would like to learn further to acquire applied skills.
Wonderful end to an excellent specialization. Thank you Ng! I learned so much, so excited to keep going with my learning journey. :)
wonderful course give the most up to date and hands on experience. I will highly recommend it. The program assignment is a true gem.
Super. I have taken lots of courses at Universities and online. The Deep Learning courses were the best ever. Thanks a lot Prof. Ng.
A very well designed course. It has helped me overcome my fear of this particular topic. It was great learning from Prof. Andrew Ng
Course was amazing,  Gave a pretty deep understanding about sequence models. Andrew Sir never fails to give us a quality education.
Very nice introduction to sequence models with useful videos and practice cases. It will definitely help me break the ice with RNN.
This course teach you new skills in the field of Recurrent Neural Networks and some advice to get better results in your models :).
Great course touching on all important aspects in an approachable way - and with fun and educational exercises. Highly recommended.
This is an awesome course to give a ample intuition about RNNs. A bit tougher than the rest of the 4 courses but indeed a good one.
Really great and fun course! (as well as this entire specialization)I feel like I've learned and accomplished so much.Thank you! :)
Again a great course from Andrew Ng. Simplicity, clarity and fun assignments. Thanks to all the team who made this course such fun!
very well structured course, awesome lectures and explanations by Prof. Andrew.I'd highly recommend this course and specialization.
Thank you, Andrew. Like those legendary masters, you taught us not only the super power but also the ethics of using it. Thank you!
Best simple course for Deep Learning. I think this specialization is the best as a MOOC but it can be better as an academic course.
Very informative and great lectures like always! I learned a lot important things about sequence models. Thank you Prof. Ng again!
Fantastic introduction to RNNs, LSTM, etc. Very accessible material but detailed enough to take it away and use it. Thanks Andrew!
Very good course to start dealing with RNN's.Thank You Andrew for Your whole specialization. Now i feel like a superhero on a rise
Great assignments! good hands-on coverage of basic python, high-level Keras and low level TensorFlow frameworks for Deep Learning.
Excellent course to learn about speech recognition and translation! This has been an excellent 5-course journey. Good luck to all!
Thank you, Professor Andrew Ng, for this nice and excellent specialization course with wonderful and constructive lecture videos.
Most fun and toughest course of the lot. Text data is always more complex, hard to analyse and model in comparison to image data.
While the grader was a bit flaky (which was super frustrating), everything else was, as usual, top notch. Thanks Andrew and crew!
High quality lectures and interesting, relevant jupyter notebook exercises.  This is a great course at a very reasonable tuition.
Another amazing course developed by Dr. Ng! This series of courses probably is the best deep learning training available on-line.
This is an amazing course!  I am looking forward to more courses/specialization from DeepLearning.AI team in the coming months :)
Wonderfully explained and well structured course work. The programming assignments really boost the confidence on subject matter
I thank Andrew Ng and the team for such wonderful content be in terms of programming assignments or video lessons. Great work!!.
Very-well designed course. Assignments make it easy to practice learned concepts. I enjoyed the course and learnt a lot. Thanks!
A well crafted course that introduces even the most meek and uninitiated to the world of sequence models driven deep learning :)
Very detailed comments and carefully prepared contents. I feel my time spent on the course well worth it and thank you so much!
I understood LSTM concepts well thanks to the course. But explanation for equation is quick. I wanted to know the more details.
Really good explanation on even the smallest of things, that's what I like about Prof. Andrew, he never leaves a page unturned.
jupyter notebook always can't submit, and can't save . I have spent more than 2 hours to submit a train ~ . But course is well.
Always can't submit assignment and there is no instruction about how to submit in json format.Thanks NG! Great teacher! Thanks!
A must do for those who wish to kick start their career in Deep Learning. The concept of Attention Model with LSTMs is amazing.
Prof Ng did it again and taught an awesomely complicated topic awesomely well. I'm always sad whenever one of his courses ends.
Things step up in terms of complexity with this course but it builds on everything you've learnt so far so it all makes sense!
Andrew Ng is really best teacher in the world. In this course,  He has explained such complicated topics in so much easy ways.
Very good content! I suggest using "Ears: Bass Boost, EQ Any Audio!" extension to dampen the painfully high audio frequencies.
As the other course in this series, very informative. Learned a lot. Hope he can come up with others likes reinforced learning
Great course for NLP. It's difficult for me to finish this course, but I have made it!  Thank you Andrew, Thank you Coursera!
Great course with lots of details and hands on programming assignments covering state of the art neural network architecture.
Excellent course. Lectures are very informative. Programming assignments helped a lot to understand core concepts. Thank you!
It was an exceptionally good course and the theory part of the course was really the best. I enjoyed completing it. Thank You
I didn't enjoy this one as the previous courses, maybe because I'm not interested in its topic, or I wanted just to finish it
Best ever course I have learnt in Coursera. Thank you so much Andrew NG sir for explaining complex concepts in an easier way.
This is an amazing course for the ones who want to explore and dive deep in the world of RNNS and NLP. totally recommend it.
I am working with all my heart and soul from last few months it literally made me cry a little seeing my first certificate!!
Loved the Sequence model chapters especially with word embeddings, sentiment classification and Speech recognition exercises
Extremely powerful course to get hands on intuitive as well as application level understanding of sequence models. Thank you
Intuitive explanations, easy to follow programming assignments. The best starting point to learn NLP and RNNs. 100% 5 stars.
It was a great platform for me learn and implement deep learning concepts. It was fun and the learning experience was great.
I am now able to read and understand the latest research publications in this field! Pretty amazing for a three week course.
Prof. Ng is the only person who illustrates everything about machine learning and deep learning clearly and throughly to me.
Would love a course on reinforcement learning by Andrew Ng, he gives you a clear intuition about the topic which is amazing
its seems kind of magic.Deep learning is just awesome and Andrew ng made it more interesting thanks for such a great course
Perfect course for anyone looking to build a career in AI and Deep Learning. Excellent lectures and interesting assignments
ihave learned a lot from this course thanks to andrew ng and other mentors who had worked beside the picture, thanks again!
the course was excellent, I learned a lot, the only problem was the python notebook which was very slow and had many errors
The last programming assignment (Trigger sound) is so amazing. I have learnt many things about natural language processing.
Now, I can understand how RNN and LSTM works and how to apply NLP to my model and application. Really fund and informative.
Excellent course for beginners. Andrew NG and team has done tremendous job by putting together all those contents together.
Some of the exercises feel a bit rough around the edges (for learning), but you get to learn some really interesting stuff!
This really helped me for understanding RNN and NLP. Thanks to teachers. The course organization and content is very good.
This was a very good course on Sequence models. However, I wish there was some discussion about handling time series data.
The course is concise, and the selection of topics is very very good. The exercise is both helpful and very well organize.
I really enjoyed this course. Thanks for very interesting and practical tasks. It will be very helpful for my future work.
Most Awesome course on Deep Learning ever thanks for helping me start my ineterest in deep learning research. Thanks a lot
excellent course on sequence models and rnn . good explanations on rnn architectures. good mix of theory and applications.
Andrew Ng is the bomb!  His standford ML youtube video is the bomb!  Watch that first if you wanna fly though this course!
Awesome course. I had zero knowledge about sequence models, but after course I understand this conception and can use it!
excellent course.loved the teaching of Prof. Andrew NG. hats off to him and the team for building this incredible course.
Great course, providing core concepts of sequence models including RNNs, LSTM, GRU, Attention models.Thank you very much!
Very clear and concise! I have learnt a lot more than I could possibly learn by searching up everything online on my own!
This course helped me alot in understanding sequence models and its application in various domains such as text as speech
The most wonderful platform to learn machine learning i did not find any other online resource even near to the coursera.
Can't get better than this in academic world! Outstanding practical examples given. Very happy to be hands on this course
Doesn't hide the math behind concepts. Provides a very detailed explanation of topics covered. Assignments are fun to do.
I' so happy that I finished the whole course !I like the seq model and I think it'll be helpful with my project ! Thanks!
Beautiful journey through the world of deep learning. Thanks very much Andrew, kian and yonus. I learnt  a lot from you.
This is an absolutely amazing course. Recommend it to everyone out there who wants to explore the field of deep learning
This is by far one of the most interesting courses I've ever made. The programming assignments were really mind-blowing.
Another fantastic class by Andrew Ng! I learned a lot in this class, and in the Deep Learning Specialization in general.
Excellent course. The content and theory were heavy but gratifying once completed. I recommend this RNN training course.
The 5th course was a bit too lengthy, 1st week to be specific. I was a bit overwhelmed while completing along with work.
I believe it is the hardest concept throughout this course but Andrew explained it clearly and it is easy to understand.
Best Educational Course I ever had in my whole Life. Thank you Andrew Ng Sir and Coursera Team for this amazing course.
Thank you Professor Andrew Ng, Head Teaching Assistant Kian Katanforoosh and  Teaching Assistant Younes Bensouda Mourri
The course content is highly relevant to NLP projects in the real world. I look forward to doing more courses with you.
One of the best course available on the internet sequence models. great explanation, healthy and resourceful exercises.
Excellent Course!! Recommended to those who are bored with their regular job and want to start something new and great!
Amazing course. Sequence model are the most powerful part of machine learning. Now it is time to write my own Jarvis :)
According to me this was the most intersting course of the series. I hope to apply certain concepts in bioinformactics.
Fascinating! Have learnt so much about ML and NeuralNet that I'm more confident than ever to carry out my own projects
This course sealed the specialization really well. Awesome instructor, well structured content, excellent assignments.
Great overview of time-based deep learning models! The exercises were very helpful & the lectures were easy to follow.
itwasagreat experince and learned a lot on sequence models and much more deepler inituion on maths for sequence modesl
It has been the most amazing course in this specialization. I really loved the projects and I learned a lot from them.
Awesome conclusion to deep learning. The 1 side trigger detection algorithm is good final touch. Thank you Andrew NG..
Excellent Course, clarified all my doubts over RNN, speech to text models and several Language Processing algorithms.
Excellent course, the Andrew Ng's quality for teaching is the best and the content of the course was very interesting
The introduction to the sequence model part was so easily understandable and I thank Andrew.Ng for this great course.
Things about how to train model is too brief in the last course. Hoping the content of this course can be much richer
Thank you. You gave me this great series deep learning course. I got a lot confident in deep learning by your course.
Very comprehensive. Learned a lot. Especially helpful when Prof Ng recommends the relevant papers to read. Thank you.
Great ride . Gives immense boost to the deep learning knowledge out there . Need to start building up from this level
More! More Courses!  More depth, more concepts, more!!!  Also, do decision trees and gradient boosted decision trees.
Very well-composed course that teaches the basics of sequence models and also gives a good idea of the applications.
Great introduction to sequence models, Give real insight into how the AI assistants that we use perform their magic.
Brilliant course from a brilliant instructor! Gave me an overall understanding of RNN models and its applications...
sequential model course covers application of neural networks in natural language processing and speech recognition
I recommend who is want to dive into AI field this is a best specialization to take.The lecturer andrew was awesome
A great course. Well thought out with some challenging projects. Although I would have liked some primers on Keras.
Best course on deep learning I've done so far. Coding assignments can be a bit hard if no prior exposure to keras.
1) Very helpful in building right intuition for RNNs. 2) Programming exercise on Attention model was very helpful.
Thank You Prof. Ng! Kinda sad that this journey is over but looking forward to applying all that I have learnt. :)
thanks a lot coursera for the financial aid 5 times and save my life and thanks a lot for the whole specialization
Great course! Great teachers! The programming assignments are the most valuable and  exciting part of the course.
highly recommended for everyone, it is difficult at the beginning but at hte end of the course will be understood
Very good video tutorials and elaborate text material, which is very instructive for completing the graded tasks.
This course is good to understand the RNN, LSTM basics. I got so much info from this course still lot to explore
Greate experience hands on real life scenarios applying the theory behind the tools that are shaping the future.
Simply the best. Programming assignments are fun and challenging.Would you please add more ungraded assignments?
i want to be a researcher in deep learning because this specialization. Thank you very much for this opportunity
Wonderful courses, Thank you for Coursera and Andrew Ng providing opportunity to learn a loads in deep learning.
There are some annoying typos in programming assignements, especially in week 1, but overall a very good course!
The course is terrific but the notebook experience is annoying, especially when you are using vpn to get access.
I give it 5 starts because there was nothing wrong with the course but it was sooooo boring. It was good overall
Please correct the mistakes in the expected outputs in the homework assignments.But overall it is a great course
This the most simplest and useful course I have ever seen. Thank a lot deeplearing.ai for creating this course.
the best and useful course for who desire to model sequences or extract spatio temporal features from sequences
By far the most challenging course in the specialisation but also very rewarding when you worked through it! :)
Excelent! Week3 PA have some errors that should be fixed. Threre is no GPU keras examples. Thank you very much!
Shortest way to get used to most of the up-to-date techniques used in deep neural network for sequential data!
This course very impressive, I have experienced a lot in deep learning, I re-cap theorem or something i miss.
This is very helpful for a beginner in deep learning. Thank you Ng for offering such wonderful courses online
Excellent Course, Teaches RNN and LSTM from absolute scratch and its applications to process sequence models
Insightful and very practical implementations. Thank you legendary Andrew Ng and Coursera for the privilege.
the most difficult course of this series, it takes me really a long time to finish it, but i think it worth!
Very nice course on RNN. there are a couple of unpolished edges, but this is been quickly fine-tuned by TA's
Very clear demonstration of how models work. Clear and detailed instructions in exercises for easy hands-on
This course taught me concept which I never thought I could apply to my chemistry research. Very well made.
Amazing course! Lectures on RNN, LSTMs and Bi-LSTMs were amazing and the assignments were also very helpful
Thanks for all the hard work you've put in the course. I couldn't wish for a better start in deep learning.
Best course specialization on Sequence Models. Programming assignments are really great source of learning.
Great course and professor. My one critique is to just go a little more in depth on using Keras. Thank you!
Thanks, Andrew Ng for all the efforts and time for creating such a wonderful course accessible to everyone.
This is the best course on the deep learning specialization. You learn the most novel and useful deep nets.
The Jupyter notebook ,ust be improved. it has constant connection problems. it fails connection in between.
Nice course with most important concepts covered. Nice references to research papers, and good assignments.
While taking this course I was feeling that sequence modeling is Andrew Ng's favourite topic. Great course!
Excellent course. It provides insights for a wide variety of applications. I recommend taking this course.
Incredible level of detail. Truly a pleasure to take this course and the entire specialization! Thank you!
This is an excellent coverage of sequence models. Very interesting applications, clear content. Thank you!
This course given me the basic understanding about analyzing sequence data with the help of deep learning.
Great course! Thank you professor Ng! Thank to yout I'm motivated to continue to learn more in this field!
Thank you, Professor.If it's not your intuition for these videos, I will still confuse the details of RNN.
In the course of this course, I built my own sequence model and realized it step by step, which is great.
Intuitive and clear videos and explanations. Excellent programming assignments! Thanks to the whole team!
Wonderful course with beautiful intuitions all around , one thing though bit of more mathematics involved
Suggestion: It would have been great if the topics related speech recognition was covered more in detail.
It would be nice to have an additional course on VAE, GANs, CNN-based NLP, and the rest of bleeding edge.
Amazing course! Finally get more familiar with LSTM structure and encoder-decoder architecture! So happy
This was another great course from Dr. Andrew Ng.  I feel like I now have a firm grasp of how RNNs work.
need to focus on learning this course because the material is complex. also need to practice using Keras
clear delivery, practial, comprenhensive, good learning pace, well calibrated feedback and vibrate forum
great I really like the content of all the specialization and the hands on projects. thank you so much !
Just Absolutely Amazing!Thank you deeplearning.ai to provide this wonderful in-depth specialization !!!
gave a good and in depth understanding of the RNN i was having a hard time on it but now i find it easy
It must be a lot of hard work to plan the courses and make all the material.Thanks for all the efforts!
Great ending to the Deep Learning Specialization.  Really enjoyed the insightful content of this course
Very nicely organized. Professor Andrew is a great teacher.Loved the course and enjoyed the assignments
I have finished Course 5 [Sequence Modles], and I found that it helps me a lot. Thank you! Dr.Andrew Ng
Very awesome! Great for my career in future~ Thanks for Ag's efforts, and thanks for my own insistence!
I feel that the theory behind sequence models is a little bit rushed. I would have liked to so an excer
Amazing how such a "cutting-edge" technology is explained in such a friendly and understandable manner.
Definitely helpful for my research! Thank you for the endeavor to make this series of courses possible!
This is the best course I've learnt. Thanks Ng and your team! Thanks for your hard working and sharing.
the assigned coding task is very useful, which can help me to understanding the course deeply, thanks!
Sir Andrew Ng is a great teacher and inspires all to become passionate ML practitioners of the future.
Amazing Examples in the programming  assignments.giving good intuitive as to how to build these models
Awesome designed courses. The Sequence Models are amazing and interesting. Will definitely check back.
Andrew Ng is as cool as always. Course is nice, assignments are challenging, theory is great and clear
Excellent material. Challenging and interesting programming assignments. Better than my expectations.
An excellent insight into applying Sequence Models and Deep Learning, very clear and detailed course.
This was great.  I wish it was longer.  The topic was a bit too complex to be taught in only 3 weeks.
Thanks very much. This course was really fun. I can't wait to try using these ideas outside of class!
Great course, thanks to Andrew's excellent lectures and the perfect assignments prepared by the team.
I really enjoyed Andrew's course! It is such well designed, both materials and programming exercises.
Very easy to grasp intuition on many complicated RNN's techniques. The exercises is fun to work with.
The explanations by Andrew was very helpful for understanding such a serious topic in a easy manner.
RNNs are incredible. And this course is very thought-provoking on that topic. And truly educational.
Great course content, assignments, and quizzes. Highly enriching experience thanks to Dr. Andrew Ng
I would suggest to spread out this course into more than 3 weeks, as it was the hardest out of all.
I am very thankful to coursera for offering such wonderful course by great teacher Prof. Andrew Ng.
CNN And Sequence Models were just real GEM of two courses. Gave me a lot of insight to the Subject.
A "must" in the courses related with NLP as a good introduction to the basics models and algorithms
it was quite difficult for me .The assignments helped for sure, but i will have to visit this again
Very concise content. Prof. Andrew Ng turn tough topics to easy with his excellent teaching skills.
Gives the student an excellent perspective on how to go about word embeddings & speech recognition.
Thank you! This long-expected course and the whole specialization are enthralling and inspiring! ❤️
very good specialisation l am currently using these ideas in my research project .Thank you Andrew
Thank you Andrew Ng for your excellent teaching and encouragement. Always a joy to learn from you.
Great explanation of complex topics such as attention mechanisms. I finally get how those work :-)
Best specializatin course I have found and the insights given in this course are truely wonderfull
Must-know knowledge and technique you should know if you're a genuine machine learning enthusiast!
Excellent state of the art deep learning models made easy. Great job Andrew! And THANKS SO MUCH!!!
The best one of the 5. However, I do miss a thorough derivation of the backprop regarding GRU/LSTM
This course helped me to understand sequence models and how to apply than in different scenarios.
Top notch! gets your foot into the door of recurrent neural networks! As always, Andrew is great!
Very interesting course. it helps me a lot when trying to understanf sequence to sequence models.
Very recent and up-to-date content. Very well structured and explained. Another excellent course.
This course is best in learning sequence models applied in speech and natural processing systems.
Best course on RNNs.  No other courses even come close to this course on RNN.  Highly recommend!
This and the CNN courses were probably the most interesting in terms of real-world applications.
Great as ever! Highly recommend to those wanting to apply neural nets to NLP and audio problems.
Thank you for the excellent lecture.
Now I understand a little about machine learning.Thank you.
Great course.  Well worth the time and effort.  Andrew Ng is a great teacher.  High recommended!
awesome as every other course in this series - Very glad I took these courses, great investment!
Mr.Ng has an incredible ability to explain the complex thing. It's also the greatest course ever
Very well-explained course in intro to DL in NLP. Would love to also see intro to transformers.
No need to have done the Course 4 to do it, very clear explanations and challenging assignments
Really good course! The programming assignments greatly helped with understanding the concepts.
I've tried learning RNN through various blogs and channels. But, this course stands top of all.
Excellent class on sequence model. Lots of fun on programming exercise! Learn a lot. Thank you!
Quite useful, although the homework need to be improved a bit! Anyway, a nice course to follow!
Sometimes it could go deeper into details, but the resources are present so it doesn't matter.
I don't think this course could be any better. Honestly, I enjoyed the programming assignments
Very good course.  Sequence models are significantly harder to understand than regular models.
Nice course & assignments gives practical insights of applying deep learning to Sequence data.
Very nice course especially the last assignment about creating a Trigger word detection model.
This is awesome course that provides me an overview of sequence models and their applications
Perfect course to learn Sequential NN ... well structured course modules and best explanation
Best NLP course ever with practical examples and assignments!! Thank you Professor Andrew Ng!
Great source of DL knowledge. I still return to some of the videos to refresh my knowledge :)
Thank you very much, you have showed me that hard work and constance can take you a long way.
Finally, I finished all the course. I really learn a lot from this course. Thank you! Andrew.
One of the best course I have taken on Coursera.  THANK YOU Deeplearning.ai team and Prof Ng.
Awesome course. Would have been better if taught to use Keras better for machine translation.
Awesome Courses! YAY, I have finished all the five courses. Thanks for sharing the knowledge!
Great course- intellectually simulating, interesting and with engrossing and cool assignments
Learnt many useful techniques and knowledge of Sequence Models and Recurrent Neural Networks.
Thanks for putting together and presenting the material. It was fun and I loved the material.
this course is kind of hard, however is very good to get more info on RNN and related topics
Assignments are a bit tougher than the other courses. They need a lot more of our attention.
Excellent course, really well taught, really well balanced between theory, practice and quiz
Thank you very much for your impressive efforts. You allow people to broaden their horizons.
Very clear presentation, with lots of good intuition tips. Assignments are on the easy side.
This is a very good course for those that are looking foe a start in NLP. Highly recommended
It's my favorite course from the specialization, cool programming assigments, wonderful job.
One of the best course to learn the basics of sequence models and applying in deep learning.
As usual, Andrew Ng made these concepts extremely accessible . A great learning experience !
Very interesting examples, A lot to learn for Python, Thank you all for this wonderful work!
I feel a little sad that this good course is over. Hope to have more courses. Thank you all.
Great Course. Gives a great exposure to Natural Language Processing and the math behind it.
According to me , Andrew sir has missed some of the NLP topics? I think but not sure of it.
Amazing course on Sequence Models. Extremely useful with the real world applications of AI.
A great course for everyone who wants to use deep learning for natural language processing.
Great Course by Andrew. I have recommended the course to many of my friends and colleagues.
We certainly need a better Keras tutorial using Functional API . In particular around RNN's
One of the best specialisations from one of the best and most passionate instructors ever.
Great content, cool programming assignments! I am very grateful I could take this course ❤
I had gone through the lectures many times as it gives more intuitions about the concepts.
Excellence course. I enjoyed training my model to trigger my word in an audio, 'activate'.
Thanks for this wonderful course specialization! I enjoyed it very much and learned a lot!
Very good course providing excellent insight into the application of Deep Learning in NLP.
Would be great if you could add a week on time series analysis, modelling and forecasting.
A perfect course at the Intermediate Level to prepare you for Advanced Deep Learning, etc.
Good enough. Thanks Andrew, this specialization will be a start of my deep learning trip.
Thank you Andrew Ng for the great tutorials. That absolutely shed lights ahead my career!
A very accessible introduction to sequence models and RNNs.  Excellent course, thank you!
What an amazing course!Week3 assignments blew my mind! Some core engineering problems too
NLP and speech recognition intition with real world coding examples. What is not to link?
Very interesting and illuminating introduction to RNNs. Thank you so much Andrew & team!
I've felt it like a  briefly introduction to Sequence Models because this topic is hard.
Excellente course. I just want a write content, please, like the Machine Learning course
The best and the most well structured course in this topic. Extremely satisfied with it.
Great course, I couldn't even imagine I was going to learn advanced concepts, thank you.
thanks god, i have finished all the courses.I love it,thanks Pro. Andrew Ng, thanks all!
course is a little bit too light on the explanation, need to rewatch videos a few times.
Very Clearly explained and yet sufficiently challenging to drive learning and retention!
Perfect balance between theory and practice, with intuition first approach! Thank you!!!
A really good course! However it can go deeper with other type of timeseries problems :)
This should be required material for anyone going into deep learning from another field.
good course...assignments are great allowing one to understand the activities in detail.
Fantastic course by Prof Andrew Ng and the Deeplearning.ai team. I highly recommend it!
I like the great approach to the tasks which are no way dull, but are really inspiring.
Thanks to Professor Andrew and all the staff, this is really, really an amazing course!
Lecture content was very good. Coding examples of keras/tf during lectures would help.
Great course with some really cool and necessary assignments to learn sequence models.
Great course! I learned quite a lot from this course. Thanks so much, Prof. Andrew Ng!
Very excellent course. You have to work hard in order to complete it, but it's worthy.
Specific course. I really enjoy all courses of this specialization.  Thanks, Prof. Ng!
Would love to see a course on deep reinforcement learning and GANs (generative models)
Very interesting! Only thing is perhaps a better introduction to Keras functional API.
Great course!Interesting materials and exicting programming assignments.Thanks a lot!
It helped me a lot putting my existing knowledge on Sequence Models on a solid basis.
Excellent course regarding Recurrent Neural Networks and Natural Language processing.
Amazing content, can get really strenuous. An apt end to an excellent specialisation.
Everything you should know about Recurrent Neural Networks with some impressive demos
Great design of the structure to cover both language modeling and speech recognition.
This is an excellent course with deep insights on variety of models and applications
Very good course.Good to learn to build networks from scratch as well as with Keras.
The course is good but I like the other courses of the specialization a little more.
Thank you Andrew and the team for putting together such a great learning experience.
Excellent as the rest of the specialisation. Few teething problems on the exercises.
Thanks guys. I loved the whole series especially the lectures of Ng and fun labs. :)
Thank all stuff of this specialization, I learned a lot from this series of courses.
The whole specialization really helps a lot. Thanks Andrew and also other teachers!
If some more advanced models such as self-attention are added will be more helpful.
Fantastic course. Ideal place to start your journey using sequence models in Keras!
Thank you Sir for making the course easy  and possible for me to learn.Thanks a lot
Sequence models seem a bit harde to understand but a good explanation non the less.
Very solid conclusion to an already exceptional five-part curriculum.  Nicely done!
Great course which explains really complex concepts very simply and effortlessly!!
I personally want to meet Andrew NG sir and thank him. such a wonderful experience
Easy to follow and the programming excersizes are very useful to learn the details
Amazing course. Got fantastic insights into the theory and practical parts of NLP!
Great lectures to get an overview over LSTMs, GRUs and Sequence Models in general.
Very good for understanding how recurrent neural networks work. Highly recommended
Great course. Sometimes it got tough and boring in between, but good deal to learn
Excellent like the rest of the courses from this specialisation! Thank you Andrew!
Once again great course by Andrew Ng! Makes it very simple and easy to understand.
I really loved the classes and the way the assignments and quizzes are put forth.
All the courses in this specialization are treasures for newcomers in this field.
Great course, covers a lot of useful topics and provides great working exercises.
Slides should be available in PDF format for students to go back and forth again.
The"assignments"don'treallyhelpyouunderstandanything,but the videos are excellent
Good explanations and examples. Maybe should add more development into exercises.
Got insights about how all the cool stuff in ML is done and direction of research
nice course beginner friendly but instructor is not shy to cover advanced topics.
Nice classes, with wonderful exercises. I have learnt very happily. Thanks a lot.
Great course! As always, there are interesting lectures, useful assignments, etc.
good enough basic course though don't stop her continue with your enthusiasm ...
This is the last and very good course. The last assignment was very interesting.
The excercise gave very little room to learn and everything was mostly spoon fed
The course is really helpful, but It takes some time to get familiar with Keras.
A perfect ending to the specialization, this one is for all you NLP enthusiasts.
This course explains the topic of RNN very well. Liked the programming exercise.
what ever you want, this course will beyond your expectation. many thanks to Ng.
Clear and explicative sequence model course. Perfect to start learning the topic
Difficult things explained in a simple way. That's what make this course awesome
The most interesting one! A lot of implements of model in real world. Excellent!
Excellent course,well organised, Best ever learning platform  I have ever seen.
This course was really helpful for me to understand Neural Networks, thank you!
The exercises were very entertaining and Andrew Yang is an excellent professor.
very good!  I could've learned the state-of-the-art deep learning technologies!
excellent course! it could have more practice but good enough as quick overview
What a excellent course is this! It is very clear for the material. Thank you!
Excellent delivery and assignments. Dr Ng got everything right in the courses.
Thank You Coursera and capgemini giving an opportunity to learn Sequence model
Learned the various NLP techniques and also implement them in the assignments.
This is a great course and Wonderfull specialization. I learned a lot. Thanks!
Gained some experience and insights to train models have fun.TRAIN,TEST,REPEAT
Thank professor Andrew No for the courses. Wish to have more courses from him.
Very good course, with a lot of useful and interesting topics in Deep Learning
The more data you have, the more power of you in this sequences neural network
Again, the state-of-the-art techniques are easily learned from Andrew's class.
Excellent class that explains very well how audio processing is done using RNN
Great course again, it is hard to say goodbye! Hope to learn more from Andrew!
Great lessons and projects to motivate further practical work on Recurrent NN
Good course. I liked it , Some more programming exercise will make it awesome
Great Thanks. Excellent Course giving full of self confidence in Data Science
Again an excellent course of this specialization. Very well done assignements
Thanks for preparing such a beautiful course. My basics have really improved!
Great course! Very step by step and very practical. The legend does it again.
Extremely helpful instructional material. The course instructor is inspiring!
You will learn a lot about the modeling sequential data in a neural network.
This is an amazing course if you are good at beginner level in Deep Learning
This has one of the most interesting, interactive and exciting  assignments.
This course has helped me understand the basics of Recurrent Neural Network.
It's a very enjoyable course. I cant wait to use the idea to build my robot.
It' a excelent course.  I learned much for start in the deep learning world.
Best course of an amazing series! Sums up every bit to complete the picture.
Excellent explanations with real life tips and very good quiz and exercises.
practical with reasonable theory depth of the theory behind. Good exercises.
Andrew Ng is the best teacher!! Good Job! Keep making  exceptional courses.
This was incredibly informative, well structured, and thoroughly enjoyable.
Great Course. The materials helped alot for understanding the core concepts
Teaching was good but still needs to go deep in concepts of implementations
As someone who loves NLP, this course was great. Would recommend to others.
I have many ideas now and want to apply in my field, earthquake engineering
Fantastic introduction to Deep Learning. Super fun!!! Andrew Ng is THE man!
was the most hardest one, but trigger word assignment was very interesting.
Excellent course. So much cool code and very practical and useful tools. :)
Great course to get an in-depth understanding on RNNs and Sequence Models.
Very helpful course providing a thorough understanding of sequence models.
Mr.Andrew NG thank you from heart ,excellent course and perfect assignment
It was one of the best courses I have done.I wish I could do more practise
Great introduction to sequence models, with very interesting case studies.
Great content and very relevant course work for NLP and Speech Recognition
Amazing Course. Reccomend to everyone, who is interested in Deep Learning.
Very didactic course and very good lessons on sequence models applications
Thanks for the opportunity to study this course. It was pleasure to do so.
Superb course material! Eventful learning experience! Thanks a lot Andrew!
THIS COURSE IS VERY GOOD.I WOULD RECOMMEND EVERYBODY TO TAKE THIS COURSE.
Another great course by Andrew Ng. I've learnt a lot through this course.
So much fun!!! I enjoyed going through the material and keep learning :-)
Great Stuff, lots of helpful insights by Andrew Ng as usual! Thanks again
This was a great course. I got good knowledge of sequence models and NLP.
Unfortunately, the assigments are just about filling and it's fairly easy
The last course is harder and I'm glad I've passed it. Thank you, Andrew!
Programming Assignments are awesome! I learnt a lot from these notebooks.
Not as relevant for my areas-of-interest, but a great class none-the-less
Excellent perspective on the latest models of LSTMs, GRUs built upon RNNs
Best course .. really gave me a deep understanding of the sequence models
Good course, thanks for teaching me so great knowledge of AI Thanks a lot
love it, quite clear visual explanation and with some good example codes.
Amazing source of information and teaching ability to tutor the learners.
This course needs no introduction.....great content, great assignments!!
it's a well-knit course for starters in rnn and takes upto a good level.
Great, I can see lots of parallel problems to work on using these ideas.
Thank you for the fantastic course, and the superpowers it imparted!  :)
Amazing increase in knowledge about using RNNs in real-world scenarios!
Really interesting and with enough theory plus hands on practical work!
this was the best course to understand sequence modeling and processing
Learnt about NLP, applications, trigger word detection was pretty cool!
Thank you so much to the coursera deeplearning.ai team. You guys rock!!
A comprehensive review of recurrent neural network and sequence models.
Great course!  THanks for putting this together for the world to learn!
Very helpful and practical. Thank you Andrew NG and other teachers/TAs!
Quite a heavy course. Still alot of concepts unclear, will revise again
Perfect course to understand how does sequence model work in real life.
The best attention model explanation I found anywhere on the internet.
Excellent Course! I have nothing more to say. Thank you Sir Andrew Ng!
Exceptional review of the state-of-the-art techniques! Got me inspired
The best content i can find and its taught by Andrew Ng, my favourite.
Cover many important topics.Need more explanation on attention network
Good course.  Have a better understanding of RNN now, and terminology.
this course is helpful learning basic sequence data,Thanks for courser
Well structured. Full of good and interesting content. Very enjoyable.
Quick course on Sequential models. Assignments are set up pretty well.
Compared to the other four courses，I think this course little abridged
a bit hard, but no one else can explain things like how andrew does it
This course was really useful, I learned so much, I am really grateful
Excellent course as usual. Very to-the-point and pragmatic instructor.
Excellent course, couldn't find this quality of teaching anywhere else
Very good course through which I got good knowledge of Deep learning.
I am really thankful to Dr Andrew for such a well constructed course.
Very grateful to Andrew ! Excellent journey ! Great help to the world
it was outstanding experience. I made a living by taking this course.
By far the most intuitive explanation of sequence models I have seen.
Very pleasant introduction to the field of recurrent neural networks!
Excellent course, I have learned lot. It's very useful for my career
This course has boosted my motivation for working on Sequence Models
Thanks again to Professor Ng. Super interesting courses. Appreciated
A bit harder than previous courses. Pretty well organized as always.
I learned a lot about how to put together recurrent neural networks.
A very good intro to NLP/Speech Recognition with Deep Learning (RNN)
Good course for understanding and building rnn for sequential data.
iPython Notebook kept crushing which was a disappointing experience
Nice mix of simple and complext concept plus good exposure to Keras
Thanks a lot. That was a very good introduction to sequence models.
Great lecturer. Best explanations to GRU and LSTM I have even seen.
Great content and delivery  that make advance concepts look simple
Wonderful experience and lots of experiments to enhance our skills
This course helps me a lot! Thank you all for this amazing course!
I learning the mostimportant subjects for may professional profile
It was very fantastic session, gained much knowledge .Thanks a lot
Learnt a lot! Great effort by Prof. Andrew NG, highly recommended.
it is perfect course for who want to learn sequence model and NLP
Good teaching sessions. Problems with automatic grader at the end
Great course. Thank you for Prof Ng and the entire Coursera team.
Excellent course, helped me a lot in understanding RNNs and LSTMs
Take your time. One of hardest and best course in specialization!
Extraordinary topics and assignments to close the specialization.
Great course, I like how Sequence Models it being introduce here.
I learned a lot and really enjoyed this. Thanks to all involved!
Thanks for everybody who took a part in creating of this course.
Excellent content, especially covering important papers...thanks
Excellent course. I can wait to apply it to additional projects.
The last course in the specialization is rock! I enjoy it a lot.
it always good and sound great to understand the sequence models
Great course on sequence models! I never hear do detailed course
Excellent blend of research review and practical skill teaching!
Concept is complex but Andrew Ng and team make it understandable
Excellent course. Very practical with a lot of coding exercises.
Amazing clarity of concepts presented. Really enjoyed the course
Loved the course. It covered a lot of state of the art methods.
Very good one.Nice kick start to learn NLP and its applications
I like how this course makes students understand the real case!
I really enjoyed this course, it was a good test for knowledge.
very knowledgeable and perfect way to finish the specialization
An exceptional fast-track course for a complex subject like NLP
greate thingit needs more in implementation of this alghorithms
This course was so amazing. The projects were very informative.
The best thing I ever invested my time on! Thank you Andrew Ng!
I really enjoyed doing this course! Thank you very much to all!
Best Course Ever! The assignments were soo cool and intresting
Programming assignments were real good. well explained course.
close to industrial scenario, and introduce the essence of rnn
Create a strong foundation in the area of sequential modelling
A great set of courses. Prof. Ng truly connects with students.
Loved the Speech Recognition Example. Well organized. Thanks !
One of the best courses, really beautifully done by Andrew Ng.
Great course--well taught, practical and interesting material.
Andrew is awesome!  As always.  Love what I learned.  Thanks!
Excellent course with interesting applications and exercises!
All I had to say THANK YOU, Prof Andrew NG, for your efforts.
A great foundation to pursue work in the Deep learning field.
perfect, I have enjoyed it so much. Thanks also for practice.
A must needed  course to learn the concepts of Deep Learning.
Such a great specialization as a whole. Recommend for anyone.
Very clear explanation, always the best Andrew! Thanks! Carlo
Superb! Unwraps the magic behind Apple Siri, Amazon Echo etc.
Good sessions and I got better understanding of LSTM and GRU.
Course was great, but it could be a little more difficult. :)
Great teacher, great content, great course ..... More please!
A very good refresher by Prof. Andrew Ng. Thanks a lot.Ashok
Everything is clearly explained and well designed exercises.
Really Interesting, tasking and another world to experience.
Very easy explanation to complex algorithms.Loved the course
Amazing Course to learn RNN and Natural Language Processing.
Great help by the mentors and community. Learned a lot here.
A awesome course !! Thanks zillion Andrew !! You are great !
Good Course, thank your lectures. I really like this course.
Very tough... but has concepts that were very useful for me.
Really useful... finally I really understood seuence models!
Great course! Loved it....https://twitter.com/nagaraj_arvind
Great course! I am looking forward to apply RNN in my work.
really good course to help you understand all types of rnns
LSTM is by far the most complicated programming assignment.
Excellent starting point for understanding sequence models.
Excellent just like the other courses of the specialization
It is one of the best series of courses for Deep Learning!!
Can't beat Andrew Ng's teaching whether it's CNN or LSTM...
Great course with fun and relevant programming assignments.
Great lectures combined with great exercises. Professional.
Awesome as always! Thanks Andrew! Loved the specialization.
Very useful course, and it has very good demo applications.
This course gave me a good knowledge of sequential models.
Very good course on language networks with emphasis in RNN
The course worth learning, but the exercises can be better
Amazing course that uses current models such as attention!
Excellent course with good practical programming exercises
Great course for someone starting NLP using Deep learning.
Wonderful course series to get quick start on AI learning.
The online jupyter notebook sometimes is difficult to use.
Final course, still full of energy to learn! Great course!
Worthwhile conclusion to the deep learning specialization.
Great with very useful projects to get hands on experience
I really appreciate this amazing course. Strong recommend!
Generating music and poetry with DL was a great experience
This is the best taught in the DL specialization.. Thanks
Complex topic very well explained. Realistic assignments.
Very good course, especially fro those interested in NLP.
I got started in NLP with this course. Thank you, Andrew!
I feel the course is fundamental but also very pragmatic.
High quality as the previous other courses in the series!
Excellent as always from the superman himself, Andrew Ng.
I have learned a lot from this course. Thanks, Andrew Ng!
Thanks for your detailed Course content. Thank You Andrew
Best course you can find about recurrent neural networks.
Awesome course! A bit harder than others but pretty good!
A sufficient coverage of topics to absorb it completely.
The best course on Coursera for Deep Learning engineers!
I really loved all the courses, but this one was awesome
Amazing project on detecting words in speech recognition
Very good, RNN, LSTM are carefully explained, thank you!
Very good course learn so much that I can put it to use.
This was simply awesome - can't wait to build something!
This course was the biggest experience for me. Excellent
Great amount of knowledge and a great platform to study.
This course is a bit more difficult than the other four.
Another great course by Andrew Ng! Off to build an AI...
great course!!! Thanks a million to Andrew and his team.
Simply an amazing course to learn about sequence models.
A unique course full of great applied examples and tips.
Detailed feedbacks on the practicals will be preferable.
very good course! Andrew Ng, absolutely excellent tutor!
Excellent content and provoking Programming assignments
Very cool course! Thank you! It is very helpful for me!
Sir Andrew Ng has the best explaination for everything.
Very Informative. Covers advance topics in a lucid way.
Great hands-on learning for text and speech processing!
Challenging and interesting last episode of the series!
Awesome job explaining Sequence models in a simple way.
A juicy explanation of Sequence Models! A great course!
A great course! I learned a lot. Thank You Andrew Ng !
Extremely good contents and assignment. I learn a lot.
The best course to learn machine learning from scratch
Good NLP Practical to start in combination with CS224d
Its a good course to understand sequence based models.
Good insight to sequence models and their usage scope.
Very well designed and effective teaching methodology.
thank u for helping me understanding  RNN/LSTM finally
Great course! Brand new algorithms from Deep Learning!
Great, I have learned a lot from  this specialization.
Excellent Course. Well worth the time taken top do it.
More hands-on work and deeper understanding of things
Good teaching! Satisfied with programming assignments
Great class. Learned a lot about sequence models/RNNs
The best course I've seen on deep learning based NLP.
Prof. Andrew Ng explains everything veri effectively!
Some handy applications covered. I really enjoyed it.
Great fun and insights as in all Andrew Ng's courses.
One of the best courses in RNNs and i have seen many.
Really useful for learning NLP and Audio processing!!
Great way to wrap up! Excellent applications as well.
some Keras  pre course training will be very helpful.
The best course by deeplearning.ai so far! Loved it.
Loved it but it felt quite rushed for the last week.
Excellent course!  I strongly recommend this course.
Amazing course with very useful and fun assignments.
just as good as you could expect from the awesome Ng
good content coupled with good (programming)practice
Very well-structured, very informative, very useful.
This course is amazing. Assignments are very helpful
Amazing course with lots of things to learn hands-on
Very informative, Concepts are elucidated very well
Thank you so much...This specialization was awesome
Thank you Sir. I learnt a lot from Sequence models.
It was an amazing experience !!!Thank you Dr Ng !!!
Excellent!Gave me good understanding of LSTM / GRU.
The most difficult, and the best one of the series.
I really thank you for providing the amazing course
Useful, since I am developing my own sequence model
Loved it , looking forward to more implementation.
Nice explications with good examples ! I recommend
Thank you very much for such specialization course
I really enjoyed the course. Highly recommendable.
this course has been amazing as the previous ones.
One of the best online teaching and learning site.
Great course! The practical exercises are awesome!
I am missing a video of a hero of deep learning :(
More harder topics and more practical assignments.
amazing and wonderfully structured course. Thanks!
very good course , i think i finallyget the points
not so excellent than other 4, but still very good
Excellent course with real examples of applied ML.
Its a really good introduction to Sequence Models.
Great course! Amazing content, even for beginners.
Very interesting and great assignment to practise
Big shoutout to Professor Ng, until next time! :)
Wonderful course!! Would highly recommend it!!!!!
Thank you Andrew! You are really a good teacher!!
Great course with modern approach. Appreciate it!
This is a great learning program, as i expected !
very impressive course. Thanks to deeplearning.ai
Good sample models to learn from at the homeworks
Very interesting course! Learned a lot!  Thanks!
This course is awesome, from beginner to master!
Brilliant course! One of my all time favourites.
What an inspiring and greatly prepared course :)
Excellent course. The best contents to learn RNN
Andrew Ng rocks! Great course, enjoyed it a lot!
Very easily taught a tough subject. Hats off sir
An excellent introduction to RNNs for beginners.
Thanks!!!  i owe you a lot Prof Ng. Thanks again
A very well organized and easy to follow course.
Brilliant course. Well thought through and super
Very practical use cases. Andrew Ng is the best!
Thanks to professor Ng, the courses are so great
The best courses in this field without any doubt
Excellent teaching . Course content is awesome.
very good series of course with a great teacher
Exciting and practical. I just want to say WOW!
Amazing course with a lot of practical examples
Great course! Latest techniques well presented.
Great course by Andrew Ng! The man is a legend.
with more details instructed about GRU and LSTM
Will be looking toward advanced specialisation!
Very interesting content and clear explanations
Really excellent learning and knowledge builder
Great Course! Happy that I decided to take it!
Comprehensive, Enjoying and learning like Relu
Finally completed the 5 deep learning courses!
Thank You Sir  For this courseit help me a lot
Awesome course with many programming sessions!
Needs more time paid to derivation of formulas
Thank you so much for this outstanding course!
Very Informative course with great assignments
Finally I think I am ready to read more papers
Great course. Andrew is the best teacher ever!
loved the explanation and detailed assignments
Thanks dr Andrew ,i have learned more from you
Thank you so much. I learned a lot this course
A very interesting coursers for deep learning.
Finally completed full specialization course.
It's was a great journey with deeplearning.ai
Great course with a lot of hands-on projects!
Great introductory course to Machine Learning
is challenging yet wonderfully understandable
Clear explanations and very helpful examples.
Great course on Sequence Models by Andrew Ng.
Lots of materials and excellent case studies!
Great course, very good, practical exercises.
rigorous assignment of all 5 "totally useful"
Excellent! Prof Ng and his team are the best!
very interesting NLP - RNN, LSTM, Seq-to-Seq
One of the best courses that i've ever taken
Thanks Andrew Ng for the excellent material!
Fascinating topics, incredible applications!
Really helpful for learning the applications
Excelent courses, I learned a lot from them.
Some tricky issues to solve on the notebooks
needed to work had for this, really great !!
With real time exercises more encouraging///
the best out of the 5 in the specialization.
I learned a lot from this series of courses.
Again a great course by professor Andrew Ng.
Not that easy to complete, but great course!
course,  but i think it should more  details
Great course, you guys have done it again :)
Awesome ending for an awesome specialization
I learned a lot from this course. Thank you.
Excelente! But the lessons are kinda broken.
Very useful for building sequencing models.
Very detailed hands-on assignment. Hard tho
Wonderful course! WONDERFUL Specialization!
somewhat difficult but interesting lecutre.
Best of the deeplearning.ai specialization!
the walk-throughs on the codes are awesome
Thank you all for such a wonderful course.
Super interesting programming exercises!!!
Amazing experience and an amazing teacher.
Loved it!  Word embeddings are fascinating
It was a great course and I learned a lot!
That was such as fun! Thank you so much!!!
Please add clickable links for the papers!
Excellent course on deep learning and RNNs
This course is great! I love love love it!
Excellent course!! first class education !
interesting and intuitive!!! very great!!!
Great work! Really enjoy the whole course!
Exceptional training! Thank you very much.
One of the best courses ever. Ineffable!!
Thoroughly enjoyed the course! Thank you.
Great course to learn NLP in a basic way.
very good course. espesially speech tasks
Amazing course zero to hero, I can say !!
Great explainer to many basic RNN models.
Great course.. Thank you for providing it
Excellent Course.!!  Thank you for all.!!
Super-nice! Thank you Professor Andrew Ng
Simple explanation with amazing examples.
Andrew Ng is in totally different league
Very good and innovative course material
Really amazing course on Sequence Models
Natural language processing. Enjoyed it.
This was amazing, i really enjoy this :)
IN depth knowledge gained .good learning
I loved this course. Thank you Coursera!
Thanks so much for the great information
Excellent Course to get started with NLP
Explained very well by professor andrew.
Exactly what I wanted out of this course
Excellent method to teach creating RNNs
Excellent course. Highly recommended !!
very hard stuff but great explanations.
Sequence models was taught very nicely!
I endorse anything offered by Andrew Ng
Fantastic course as always by Andrew Ng
Thank you, very great courses. Love it!
Great overview of models for text data.
awesome coverage. Very good assignments
This course is really nice to learn NLP
Excellent course with great assignments
Great content and very clear as always!
Excellent course. It was worth the wait
Amazing course by an amazing professor
very nice course , really enjoyed it !
very good course, and highly recommend
Manynotebooksseemstoneedclarification.
great courses as intro, easy to follow
Good course !!, Easy to learn. Love it
very grateful coursethank for all team
Very hard course but full of knowledge
demanding, but very insightful course.
Excellent course!!! Dr. Ng is the best
great courses, big thanks to Andrew Ng
A good insightful course to understand
谢谢coursera，谢谢吴恩达，谢谢deeplearning课程，受益匪浅
Amazing course ! Thank you very much !
Content are very clear and up-to-date!
great explanation and hand-on session
It was awesome! Thank you, Andrew Ng.
The course was very nice and perfect.
Excellent Module. Very well explained
Great excercise, I very like emoji :D
Great Lecture and wonderful Learnings
Excellent course. Highly recommended!
The best course of the specialization
Awesome course to learn Deep Learning
Fantastic Course!  Highly Recomended!
I learned a lot, thank you very much!
A very practical approach to teaching
Excellent!Thank you professor Andrew!
One of the best teacher in the world.
Great materials! Learn a lot. Thanks!
Very fun. I'm proud of my achivement!
Great courses, great specialization!
Great course enjoyed it very much :)
Very interesting and well explained!
Very usefull and structured tutorial
Another awesome course by Andrew Ng.
Thank you very much for your efforts
Assignments of this course are best.
Fantastic course and specialization!
insightful and thoroughly explained.
great overview about sequence models
Excellent course and specialization.
thanks a lot! for all you have done!
The best deep learning course ever!
Great course to learn Deep learning
Very interesting course.. Thank you
Mr. Andrew is the best of the best.
Best of the best, good job Prof Ng!
Excellent course, very informative.
Very useful. Best class in NLP area
Thank you very much Andrew and TAs.
Thank you Andrew NG for teaching AI
Great Course! Thank you! Andrew Ng!
Best course to study deep learning!
Thank you once again, Professor Ng!
I've learnt a lot from this series.
Fairly tough, but very interesting.
Excellent Course.Flawless Teaching.
A Really Great & Simplified Course
Perfect way to start Deep Learning
So good! Very good course for NLP!
very good and practical exercises!
Thank you!! Very much appreciated!
An excellent course from Andrew Ng
very good lesson, thanks Andrew Ng
Wealth of material presented well.
Very clear and easy to understand.
Best course of the specialization!
Course material was well presented
Understandable teaching resources.
Thank you for this amazing course.
Very good course, thanks very much
Great course and teaching as usual
My favorite in the specialization!
Why it so cool and why so short? )
Highly, highly, highly recommend!
This coure is highly recommended!
Best courses!!! I am overwhelmed.
the assignments were pretty good.
awesome course it helped me a lot
It was indeed a very good course.
An amazing course, great teacher!
perfect, very amazing and helpful
that was a great course for me.:)
It is useful for begging with NLP
Another great course by Andrew NG
Excellent Course ..... Must Do It
very intuitive and knowledge rich
The course is very fun and clear.
The courses are really wonderful.
Thanks for these amazing courses!
Covers very interesting concepts!
Just awesome! I am very thankful.
One of the best courses EVER !!!
What a remarkable specialization
Excellent lectures and training!
This is one of the best courses!
Great Explanation and thank you!
very challenging and interesting
great learning!! thanks Andre Ng
perfect on all terms and aspects
Ultimate course on Deep Learning
Other Language Translate Please.
good course and good assignment!
a little bit hard for assignment
Great course and specialization!
Best introductory course to RNN
An awesome intro to RNN and NLP
Andrew Ng is an awesome mentor.
This is the best course for DL.
Happy and grateful learner here
amazing coursesthank you andrew
Amazing lectures..Learned a lot
Great course! High recommended!
The course was really useful :)
Thanks for taking me to the NLP
thanks so much for great course
Nicely structured and explained
Like the programming exercises!
Excellent course, hard to learn
very good and industry oriented
Very insightful and practical.
Thank you Andrew and the team!
Thank you sir for this course.
Nice Course! Amazing Lecturer.
Great course, I learned a lot!
This part is some of difficult
strongly recommend this course
complex but very well designed
I learn a lot from this course
super awesome course, loved it
As usual - Andrew NG is great!
Wonderful course by andrew sir
andrew ng course is excellent
its very nice and interesting
This course is interesting!!!
fantastic course by Andrew ng
maybe the most difficult one.
Assignments are really great.
Amazing! Absolutely Grateful.
good we love andrew ng~~~~~~~
Excellent courses all of them
Nice course,  Andrew Ng Rocks
best course to start with NLP
Big improvement on this field
thank you for your effort ng~
Very Good course to learn NLP
A very helpful basic class :D
Really great timely material.
Andrew Ng is now my prophet!
great videos on broad topics
This content is a gold mine.
Somehow this course is hard.
Thanks deeplearning.ai team!
Prof. Wu never lets me down!
Attention mechanism was best
Really an amazing course. :)
Andrew is cool!!Nice course!
Very good and useful course.
Head first of deep learning!
outstandingly interesting!!!
This is very helpful course
The best course out there!!
Thank you very much Andrew!
Great course ! Learnt a lot
The rigor is worth it 100%!
Excellent Course. Thank you
Great course! really useful
bring more awesome courses.
Great class, learned a lot.
very good lectures and lab
Thanks. I've learned a lot
As usual one of the best..
I learned a lot. Thank You
Great introduction to NLP.
The course was challenging
very good course again!!!!
Excellent course, thanks !
Grateful for this course.
Great course. Thank you!!
WOW, I am now a beginner!
Awesome. Thank you Andrew
Another fantastic course!
Keep the good job, folks!
Great Course. Loved it :)
My favorite of the series
Nothing short of awesome!
Thank you for this class!
I hope speak more slowly.
Thank's for this course!
Thanks for the course!!!
great it will be helpful
very good course for nlp
Perfect ... Just Amazing
help me a lot, thank you
Great one Andrew NG sir!
Thanks, Andrew.Good job!
Entertaining and precise
Best teaching as always
Thanks for the courses!
Thanks much, andrew NG.
Very beautifully taught
I enjoyed the learning.
Amazing couse thank you
Awesome course overall.
No words only grateful
The best course on NLP
This is a great series
Hard but good lectures
very intuitive course!
Great content and fun!
Very very informative.
This one is the best !
It was good, but short
very vast and helpful
Really good course :)
good course.Thank you
Just great as always.
So good! Learn a lot!
Best I could ever get
Andrew Ng at it best.
Great course for RNN.
must for a AI learner
Very nice RNN course.
Really amazing course
Eventually done!!!!!
really nice showing.
Thank you Andrew NG!
Great lecture on RNN
Excellent as before.
Awesome explaination
Great Insights...!!!
Thanks, Good course!
Underwhelming finale
Another great course
Very good materials
Nice Work Andrew NG
this is very good !
Best Course for DNN
maybe too practical
I am Disciple of Ng
Great and excellent
Very usefull Course
Simply fantastic :D
caption is not well
Thanks Ng for ALL !
Thanks NG and team
Exceptionally Good
Awesome as always!
Excellent, thanks!
Best in the series
I love you, Andrew
So great course!!!
awesome course!!!!
nice of all corse
Simply Awesome !!
Thx Andrew et al.
Andrew is my idol
nice assignments!
Like the HW a lot
Thanks Andrew Ng!
This's the best!
As always great!
best explanation
Great assigments
Very great class
Recommended 100%
Very practical！
Really good!!!!
Smart learning.
Great lecturer.
awesome class.
Really cool :)
really useful!
worth the wait
Thanks Andrew!
Nicely taught
worth reading
Very  helpful
Good courses!
THANK YOU <3
hard to beat
very thanks
The best!!!
Thanks Ng
greathlp!
sick mate
Thebest.
